The Jewish Theological Seminary
Jewish Museum
Only superlatives can describe the program of the Jewish Theological Seminary of
America. The faculty consists of some of the greatest scholars in the world. The Library
houses the largest Jewish manuscript collection and Jewish rare book collection in the
world. The Teachers’ Institute and Seminary school have made a most vital contribution
to the entire field of Jewish education. The Jewish Museum, the largest collection of
Jewish ceremonial objects in the world, gives anyone who enters its portals a feeling of
pride in the artistic creativity of our people down through the generations.
Eternal Light programs and schools of religion have publicized the program of the
Seminary throughout the United States. But members of the
Conservative Movement are the last to realize our great depend¬
ence on the program of the Seminary. From the education
of our Rabbi to the curriculum of our religious schools, from
the program of our United Synagogue Youth to the content of
our Adult Education Institute, we could not begin to act with¬
out the help of the Seminary. It is our mother organization,
and our synagogue and congregation gains its strength and de¬
velopment as it receives more and more nourishment from the
central organization of the entire Conservative Movement. As
our mother upholds us in time of need, so must we be conscious
of our need for her constant guidance.
Ritual and
In keeping with the theme of our Year Book, the synagogue cannot be at the hub
of a community without performing its primary function, that of ritual and worship.
Our congregation has indeed extended itself to give to its membership meaningful and
inspiring services. From the High Holidays to the Friday evening and Sabbath morning
services a major effort has been made to keep our services both traditionally beautiful
and decorously inspiring. To this end we must express our appreciation to our entire
membership for their cooperation in making these services the object of admiration on
the part of visitors from all parts of the United States.
Our staff too deserves an expression of appreciation for their constant assistance espe¬
cially in the reading of the Tor,ah. In this regard we want to pay a special thanks to
Mr. Joel Bressler for the many times he has read the Torah at both our Sabbath and
Holiday services as well as at our daily worship services.
Religious worship is indeed unique, for the realization of its goals is not dependent
so much on the flawless efforts of those officiating as it does on the personal and sin¬
cere efforts of the worshippers themselves. We ,all create the moment and that moment
is felt more deeply when we experience it together. May we realize the importance of
the opportunity to worship together, for each other, for ourselves, for all Israel, for all
mankind.
Nathan Friedlin
Chairman
45
