United Synagogue Youth
CENTER YOUTH LEAGUE
Center Youth League Officers. First row, left to right:
Jerry Safer, Treas.; Jack Fleet (Regional Office); Karen
Gaslar, Corres. Secretary; Linda Halpern, Rec. Secretary;
Eddie Mizrahi, President. Second row, left to right: Bruce
Yergin (Regional Office); Bruce Gibbs, Vice-Pres.; Rich¬
ard Kidder, Vice-Pres.; Marvin Slott, Vice-Pres.
Another banner year was enjoyed by our oldest USY
group, as we had over 20 attend the Regional Convention
in Miami Beach while five delegates represented us ,at the
National Convention in New York. Religious, social, cul¬
tural and athletic activities are just a part of our well-
rounded program.
Fred Shenkman and Susan Edwards were the recipients
of our Best Boy and Girl awards at our annual Banquet
held each May.
Center Youth League Board
CHARLES PALOT CLUB BOYS
Front row, left to right: Jack Mizrahi, Vice-President;
Harold Sutton, Recording Secretary; Howard Rosenblatt,
Corres. Secretary; Leonard Selber, Vice-Pres. Second row:
Chuck Slott, Vice-President; Leon Yergin, Treas.; Jerry
Portnoy, President; Robert Fischer, Director.
For the first time our CPC Club was split to allow more
members to participate and separate boys and girls chapters
were formed, with both clubs looking forward to banner
years with the boys and girls competing with each other.
Charles Palot Club Boys Board
CHARLES PALOT CLUB GIRLS
Front row, left to right: Madelyn Levin, Board Mem¬
ber; Sheila Pages, Vice-President; Phyllis Glossman, Cor¬
res. Secretary; Anita Mesnick, Vice-Pres.; Sheila Kramer,
President. Second row: Gail Price, Board Member; Debby
Lederman, Treasurer; Sharon Weiss, Recording Secy.; Judy
Horovitz, Vice-Pres.
A major activity for our USY chapters is the Leadership
Training Institute which is held during the month of
August with a full ten day experience of Jewish living in
the outdoors. 33 of our members from the 3 USY chapters
attended the 1962 LTI held at Camp Blue Star in Hender¬
sonville, N. Car. This is the largest delegation the Jackson¬
ville chapters have ever had ,and surpasses all other syna¬
gogues in the S. E. Region.
Charles Palot Club Girls Board
Advisors for the coming year are: CYL—Mrs. Ann Lewis and Stanley Kantor; CPC Boys
—Pepi Spielberger and Enid Goldberg; CPC Girls—Evelyn Brauner and Arlene Gamce.
99
