Presiden ts Message
PRESIDENT’S MESSAGE
As vve approach the New Year, each of us must
honestly concede that the Jacksonville Jewish Center
plays an important role in our respective lives. For
our own welfare, therefore, each of us should do
everything in our power to make our institution the
finest Synagogue Center possible. This means not
only giving the Center maximum financial support
so that vital activities may continue, but also taking
an interest in the program and devoting personal
time and energy to assure successful carrying out of
the program. This can be done by serving on one of
our many committees, by becoming active in our
Sisterhood and Men’s Club, by teaching in our school
system, by enrolling in our adult education program,
by attending daily and Sabbath services, to mention
just a few possibilities.
This will prove beneficial not only to the Center
but also to you as a member, because persons who
participate personally in our program are more un¬
derstanding of our goals and acquire a greater sense
of dedication to the preservation of Jewish ideals and
tradition.
I am confident that you will receive much satis¬
faction out of your participation. Also, when you
realize that the Jacksonville Jewish Center offers the
finest program of any synagogue center in the south¬
east, your affiliation will be more greatly valued by
you. The success of our fine program requires the
support of all of our members. Please make a pledge
now to do your part this coming year in being an
active, participating member of the congregation.
Your help is needed and will be appreciated.
May we work together toward achieving the goal
of our High Holiday prayer:
“May all Thy children unite in one fellowship,
To do Thy will with all their heart.’’
Le Shonah I or ah Tikatevu.
The Southeast Region of the United Synagogue Convention in Miami Beach. Our
delegates seated around the table at the Banquet: Jack Becker, Mrs. Moshe V. Goldblum,
Rabbi Goldblum, Louis Safer, Dr. Nathan Schneider, David I. Weinstein, Nathan
Freidlin.
17
