Center Day Camp
Camp Yarn Tov
Staff: Director, Robert Fischer, Coun¬
selors: Marsha Kramer, Evelyn Brau-
ner, Rita Diamond, Phyllis Gloss-
man, Margaret Breman, Karen Cas-
lar, Marilyn Halpern, Mrs. M. J.
Reiser, Mrs. Robert Fischer and Pepi
Spielberger; Marvin Slott, David
Steinfeld, Melvin Gottlieb, Jerry
Cohn, Jack Zucker, Steven Entman,
Edward Witten and Stephen Moss.
Jr. Counselors: Sandi Gamce, Charlet
Lind, Teddy Taxier, Sheila Kramer,
Anita Mesnick, Chuck Slott, Benjie
Felder, Mike Abramson, Ivan Tobias,
Herbert Gartner.
Staff
A new innovation with a nine-week summer Day Camping
experience within the city limits was recorded with an enroll¬
ment of 369 campers and an outstanding program. Among the
new program additions were the following:
• In addition to our midget baseball team and tadpole team
we entered a new era with a junior baseball team composed
of boys 14 through 16.
• Continued success with our bi-weekly ice skating parties at
the Jacksonville Coliseum where our Floridians enjoyed the
snow and ice.
• Our Tadpole team winning their southern Tadpole division
and finishing in the semi-finals of the city play-offs.
• Our fourth annual Color War and Award Night for the
closing highlights of another successful summer under the
direction of our Activities Director Robert Fischer.
Day Camp Committee
Byron Morris, Co-Chairman • - -
Robert Lasris, Co-Chairman
Committee Members: Mrs. Robert Lasris, Mrs. William
Rose, Dr. and Mrs. Nathan Schneider, Mrs. Herbert Weinstein,
Mrs. M. J. Reiser, Mr. and Mrs. Jack Price, Mr. and Mrs. Dave
Silver, Mrs. Selwyn Savage, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Silberstein, Mr.
and Mrs. Nathan Sandler, Mr. David Gradman, Mrs. Lawrence
Jaben.
Counselors-in-Training with CIT Coun¬
selor Mrs. Linda Fischer: Susan Davis,
Barbara Gefen, Roslyn Goldstein, Doro¬
thy Greenbaum, Beverly Hart, Rose Kol-
chin, Madelyn Levin, Eleanor Safer,
Sandy Shmunes, Eileen Sonnenfeld, Jo¬
anne Steiner, Francine Trager, Nettie
Werner, Steve Albert, Elliot Borkson,
Harvey Goldstein, Raymond Loehner,
Jerry Portnoy, Harold Sutton and Billy
Wilensky.
i
111
