Kenneth Bowden
Comptroller
Anne Stegman
Secy.
Esther Fishier
Secy.
Robert Fischer
Executive Director
Florence Robin
Secy.
We would like to take this opportunity of extending to the
congregation, officers and lay leaders of the congregation and our
fellow staff members best wishes for a Happy and Prosperous New
Year.
BRIEF SCOPE OF ACTIVITIES
Religious Services—Traditional prayer services are held daily,
morning and evening in the Chapel.
Friday Family Services, Sabbath and Holiday Services are
observed in the Sanctuary.
As one of the outstanding Synagogue-Centers in the Southeast,
we offer to our community a unique program covering every
phase of religious, educational, social, cultural and athletic pro¬
gramming. In brief summary we are outlining our principal ac¬
tivities which are described in pictures and words throughout our
entire Year Book.
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
" ~'~-v
Eugene Davis
Morris Montford
Willie Robinson
>—Maintenance
I
J
Annie Mae McNeil—Kitchen
Tim Riley
Wallace Mazon
Bus Drivers
Personal Religious Observances—-Traditional Jewish customs are
observed in connection with Circumcision, naming of girls,
Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confirmations,
Marriages, Conversion to Judaism, Bereavement.
Education—Daily Kindergarten with outstanding program of secu¬
lar and religious content.
Hebrew School, carefully graded with intensive Hebrew con¬
tent.
Sunday School, with a curriculum including Jewish history
and customs.
Foundation School with 1st and 2nd grades of intensive secu¬
lar and Hebrew training.
Supplementary religious educational training is practiced in
Pre-Jr., Jr. Congregation, youth services and Minyan Club.
Extension Services—
Library—outstanding collection of juvenile and adult Jewish
books.
Adult Education—courses on religious and Jewish cultural
subjects.
Music—a program of religious and cultural Jewish music.
Sisterhood and Men’s Club render valuable service to the
Center and the community.
Social Activities provided by Mr. and Mrs. Club, Amity Club
and ”32 Club.”
Youth Activities
Camp Yom Tov—a nine week summer Day Camp.
Scouting—Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Brownies and Girl Scouts.
Athletics—programs scheduled for youth and adults.
Teen-agers are served by Center Youth League, Charles Palot
Clubs and Pre-USY, all of which are affiliated with
United Synagogue Youth. Major's Pre-Teens and Tween-
Agers serve the social needs of our younger set.
11
