The Tofield
Memorial Library
Committee-
Memorial Library
rasWj
Seated: Mrs. Philip Selber,
Miss Minnie Schreiber,
Mrs. Bernard Glossman
Standing: Jack Becker, Leo Meizlik
The Tofield Memorial Library, made possible by contributions
of members and friends of the Center, has as its nucleus the
personal library of our late Rabbi, Dr. Sanders A. Tofield.
Over 1500 volumes in Hebrew and English covering a wide
variety of subjects of Jewish content for adults and school
children are available for reference, study and pleasure reading.
The Library is an intergral part of the total school and syna¬
gogue program, serving the needs of students in grades Pre-
Kindergarten through Grade 12, as well as adults. The types of
material run from newspapers, magazines, film strips, records
and encyclopedia to books for information and novels.
Mr. fack Becker is Chairman of the Library Committee with
Miss Minnie Schreiber, Co-Chairman. Mrs. Byron Morris is
the representative to the Library from the Center Sisterhood.
Mrs. Philip Selber and Mrs. Bernard Glossman are the Li¬
brarians.
Committee
The Adult Education program, an integral and necessary part of the Center’s ever
broadening sphere of community improvement, has met with widespread approval and
appreciation. The weekly classes were held on Thursday evenings during the year and
were so well attended and enjoyed that they were continued through the summer. The
Rabbi, Mr. Nathan Ereidlin and Mr. Zucker conducted these classes.
In addition both the Cantor and the Rabbi led Sunday morning classes. As a further
part of the program, home study groups were formed and met periodically throughout
the season and an intensive advanced study group continued its splendid work.
It is .anticipated that the Thursday evening classes will commence again shortly after
the Holidays with some new and some repeat classes. The other study groups will con¬
tinue and new home groups will be formed.
The acceptance of this renewed effort for education is most gratifying to our lay
leadership. It is hoped that even more of our community will avail themselves of this
wonderful opportunity.
Edwin Presser
47
