^aaf¿±on(jí[[z
E(Vi±
íz dzntzz
SILVER AND WEST THIRD STREETS
TELEPHONE 3-061.
Morris D. Margolis, Rabbi
Reu. I oseph Robin, Sexton
1431 Laura St.
Phone 5-0297 1623 Silver St.
Phone 3-0611
The physical home of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, which was erected in 1927 under the leader¬
ship of Rabbi Samuel Benjamin and Mr. Harry Fin-
kelstein, its first president, not only houses the activities
and institutions directly sponsored by the organization
but has played a major role in the existence and
development of practically every Jewish group in the
community.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center includes a Syna¬
gogue, maintains the only Hebrew School in this
vicinity of the state in addition to its Sunday School,
provides the Jewish community with a spacious Au¬
ditorium supports a Daily Minyon where services
are held twice each day, and directly sponsors such
Clubs and groups as Boy and Girl Seoul Troops,
Young Judean Clubs, a Junior Congregation, and
others. In addition, the Center has always aided and
cooperated, in any way that it could, with every
other Jewish organization in Jacksonville.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is affil iated with
the United Synagogues of America and conducts its
Saturday and holiday services according to the Con¬
servative system of prayer, using the traditional prayer
book, but supplementing the Hebrew versions with
English prayers, congregational singing, and sermons
delivered in English, and also allowing mixed pews.
However, on the High Holidays an overflow service
is held in the Auditorium, with the men and women
separated according to orthodox requirements. The
Center usually calls its spiritual leaders from among
the graduates of The Jewish J heological Seminary
of America.
The building housing the activities ol the or¬
ganization is a three-story structure on the corner ol
Silver and West Third Streets facing South and
being directly opposite the beautiful Springfield Park.
The building contains three chief sections: the Au¬
ditorium located on the ground Iloor, the Synagogue
on the second floor, and the rear section ol the build¬
ing, which contains class rooms, meeting rooms, the
Rabbi’s study, a daily prayer room (Beth Hamidrash),
and a library.
Off Lcexí oj- tiiE ^¡.acizionuittz ^JeujlíÍi (Ie)iÍex
B. BAKER H. SELBER M. SAFER M. ROSE J. HACKEL
OFFICERS
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping the Center
Fifteen
