Harry Finkelstoin
Max Rubin
During the past year the Jacksonville Jewish Center
carried on all its usual activities, Religious, Educational,
Social and Charitable and also introduced a number
of new activities which gained the wholehearted approval
of our membership and which have contributed to the
progress of our institution.
Education
The growth of our Hebrew School during the past
year has made it mandatory that we increase our teach'
ing staff. With the reopening of school on Sept. 1,
an additional teacher, Mr. J. S. Gallinger, recently of
Germany, was engaged. Our Sunday School reached a
new high with an enrollment of 197 pupils. There is
every reason to believe that a child going through the
full course of nine years, now offered by our school,
should have a thorough knowledge of Jewish history,
customs and ceremonies.
Religious Services
Services were conducted in the Synagogue and
auditorium on the High Holy Days as well as on
Sabbaths and Festivals. The Junior congregation held
separate services in the Prayer Room. Daily services
were held each morning and evening throughout the
year. The late Friday night services enjoyed a successful
season. Practically every organization meeting in the
Center sponsored a Sabbath service devoted to its ideals.
Clubs and Organizations
The outstanding event in this field was the for'
mation of the Jewish Men’s Club through the efforts
of Rabbi Margolis. The notable start which this new
group has made last year augers well for a glorious
future for this organization. The Center sponsored a
Boy Scout Troop, a Girl Scout Troop and four Young
Judean Groups.
Jewish Center Bulletin
A popular new feature in the life of the Center
was the Jewish Center Bulletin, published every other
Friday in order to keep our members posted on the
many religious, social and cultural events. The bulletin
included comments on local problems, personals and
school news. Immediately after the Holidays the pub'
lication will be resumed.
Jewish Center Radio Program
Beginning Jan. 2, 1938, Rabbi Margolis inaugurated
the Jewish Center Radio program which was broadcast
regularly every other Sunday, at 12:15 over Radio
Station WJAX. This program featured brief talks on
the Jewish Festival and Holidays, explanations of Jew-
ish customes, and comments on Current Events. Though
addressed to the Jewish Community these programs have
gained a large Gentile audience. It is the opinion of
many that these programs have helped to bring about
a better understanding of the Jew, his religion and as-
pirations and have helped further the cause of good
will between Jew and Gentile.
Music
During the past year the Center also sponsored
classes in Piano under the direction of the W. P. A.
Music Department. 14 children received instruction.
They were presented in a Piano Recital towards the end
of the year. The W. P. A. also aided in the formation
of the Center Glee Club.
Charity
In addition to the usual charitable activities, the
Center conducted a campaign during the High Holy
Days for two outstanding worthy causes. The sum
of $2,000.00 was raited for a room in the Hospital
of the Jewish Consumptive Relief Society in Denver,
Colo, dedicated to the late Goldie Rubin, of blessed
memory, and the sum of $400.00 was raised for the
J. N. F., the the redemption of the Huleh district in
northern Palestine. The Center may well be proud of
its charitable record during the year 5698. This record
is indicative of our high sense of duty and of an awakened
Jewish consciousness on the part of our membership.
Fourteen
Make It Your Duty To Cooperate with Our Advertisers
