DAVID MOSCOVITZ
This, of course, will require additional expen¬
ditures and greater effort on the part of our Board
of Directors and membership at large. The most ef¬
fective way to help our institution is to strengthen
its foundation by increasing its membership. It should
be the duty of every member of our organization to
encourage and urge unaffiliated Jews to become mem¬
bers of the Center. I am confident that we shall
receive the full cooperation of all members and friends
and that we shall be able to carry out our plans
which we hope will contribute to the intellectual and
spiritual development of our local Jewish Community.
In conclusion I wish to thank all our advertisers
whose cooperation made possible this book, and I
urge the members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
to show their appreciation to these merchants and
friends by patronizing those who have placed their
advertisements in this publication.
To all our members, friends and advertisers I
extend the greetings of the season. May the Almighty
God inscribe us all in the book of life, happiness
and prosperity'.
At ihe close of the year 5698 my heart is filled
with gratitude for the opportunity I was given to
serve the Jewish Community in the capacity of presi¬
dent of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I am grateful
to the membership at large for the cooperation which
I received in carrying out my duties. The harmony
that has prevailed between the two local Jewish
congregations has also been a source of great satis¬
faction. Special thanks are due to the Financial
Committee, headed by Mr. Benjamin Baker, chair¬
man and Mr. Max Rose, treasurer, through whose
ardent devotion and loyalty the Center’s financal
structure has remained sound in spite of the economic
recession.
Many important tasks, however, still lie before
us. At a time when our people is attacked on all
sides we need the strength and inspiration that comes
from our spiritual heritage. We must intensify and
expand our educational facilities for both young and
old. To make this possible we have decided to
engage an additional teacher so that we may be
able better to carry out our plans in the field of
education.
Twelve
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with our Advertisers.
