As we contemplate the passing of the year 5698,
we cannot help but sigh with relief that this year will
soon come to an end. Those who frequently write
Hebrew usually tried during the past year to change
the position of the letters which spell the numerical
value of the Hebrew year, “Tirtzoch,” a word meaning
the opposite of Lo Tirtzoch, the sixth command¬
ment. Ye shall not murder. Every time 1 looked
at the Hebrew calendar, or wrote the Hebrew date,
I felt the evil spell of this word. Indeed the frightful
toll in human lives this year exacted in China and
Spain, the terrible catastrophe that has come over
Austrian Jews, the increased terror in the Holy Land,
the dark clouds that have settled over Italian Jewry
and that are threatening the Jews of Czechoslovakia,
lent the Hebrew name of the past year a mystic, omi¬
nous quality, as if it were a curse uttered by an evil
prophet.
Fervently we utter the traditional prayer " I ichle
Shanah Vekilelotheha—tochel Shanah Uvricholhehas”
'May the old year and its curses end, and may the
New Year and its blessings begin.”
What the New Year has in store for us, is known
only to God. Miracles may happen. Our sages, how¬
ever, teach us that we must not rely upon miracles.
We must cast our hope upon God, but we must not
resign ourselves to inactivity. Our duties to our fel¬
low Jews and to ourselves are definite and clear.
“Pidyon shvuyim.” 'Redemption of the captives,” and
“Binyan Haaretz, ’ “Rebuilding of the Holy Land ,
are the two main tasks. For these we may he called
upon to make considerable sacrifices. I am confident
that the Jews of Jacksonville will do their share. 1
am proud that Jacksonville Jewry has received national
recognition for the splendid results achieved in last
year’s campaign for the Community Counci I Welfare
Fund. Our example has stimulated neighboring cities
and inspired them lo greater charitable efforts.
Let us determine during the coming year to share
the blessings which are ours in this land ol democracy
and freedom, with our less fortunate brothers who will
need our help.
Let us pray for the speedy redemption of our
persecuted and suffering brothers and for the deliver¬
ance of all men from the bondage of tyrants and dic¬
tators. Amen.
Show Your Appreciation to Our Advertisers By Giving Them Your Patronag
Thirteen
