MAX ROSE
To Max Rose, a loyal and trusted friend, an in¬
defatigable worker and resourceful leader, the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center dedicates this, its 55th annual
Year Book and Directory, as a small token of appre¬
ciation.
Mr. Rose h as occupied the position of Treasurer
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for the past six years,
but the responsibilities he has assumed are far greater
than those that usually go with such an office. It may
be said, without exaggeration, that the financial sta¬
bility of our institution has been assured in a large
measure through Mr. Rose’s painstaking work.
The Center is Mr. Rose’s second home. It re¬
ceives as much attention as his home and his business.
There is hardly a day in which he does not spend
some time at the Center and he is in constant tele¬
phone communication with the Center office.
His interest is not only financial. He is vitally
concerned about the educational and religious work
of the institution, always insisting on the most pro¬
gressive measures for the advancement ol our organi¬
zation.
He possesses a quiet dignity, both as a man and
as a Jew, and applies himself with determined zeal
to carry out any project which he undertakes. He
seeks no honors or advancements in office, and is
content to follow the admonition of our Rabbis, S char
mitzvah—milzvah,” "The reward ol a good deed is the
good deed.”
Mr. Rose is still a young man, 47 years ol age.
Since his arrival in Jacksonville at the age of 20 he
look an interest in the Jewish community, but it was
only with the building of the Center, 10 years ago,
that he became actively engaged in communal work.
Today he renders an invaluable service to the Com¬
munity and has become an integral part of our in¬
stitution. We are happy that he is one of us. I lie
example of his personality and character should in¬
spire others to Jewish service. May God grant him
and his family a New Year of good health, prosperity
and happiness. Amen.
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with Our Advertisers Ten
