cJ-fzíj zzcv <&£ oo í .Staff
Rabbi M. D. Margolis
J. S. Gallinger
Morris Nimovi+z
Rev. J. Robir
C'Izntz’i afysíicjíous czSapLOot
"l lie Jacksonville Jewish Center maintains both
a modern, well-equipped Talmud Torah, which ranks
with the finest in the Southeast, and a Sunday School,
which last year boasted a total enrollment of over 197.
The curriculum of the Talmud Torah provides for
a complete six-year course which gives its pupils a
thorough training in reading and writing of modern
Hebrew, and the Hebrew Bible, thus preparing them
to participate intelligently in the traditional religious
services, and imbuing them with loyalty to the aspira¬
tions and ideals of the Jewish people, and to Palestine
as the symbol of the regeneration of our race and its
culture.
T he number of children attending the 1 almud
Torah last year was about 88, being divided into six
classes: a beginner’s class for young children between
the ages of 6 and 8 years; a beginner’s class for chil¬
dren between 8 and 10 years; one elementary Hebrew
class; one advanced Hebrew class; one Chumosh
class and a Bar Mitzvah class. The Center furnished
free tuition to 40 per cent of the children last year
because of the inability of their parents to pay. Trans¬
portation was provided those of the students residing
in the Riverside section.
The curriculum of the Sunday School provides
for an intensive nine-year course in Jewish history,
customs and ceremonies, beginning with the kinder¬
garten class and terminating with the Post Confirma¬
tion Class. It must be stressed, however, that Sunday
School at its best, offers the Jewish child a very inade¬
quate preparation for active and intelligent participa¬
tion in Jewish life and for an understanding of its
heritage. Since it is at most only effective as a sup¬
plement to the Hebrew School education, members of
the upper grades who could not read Hebrew were
last year made to attend special classes to acquire a
reading knowledge of the Hebrew Prayer Book.
During the year the children of both the Hebrew
and Sunday Schools sponsored many interesting
events on the occasions of the major and minor festi¬
vals. The Chanukah entertainment and the Purim
Carnival were notable successes. The Simchas Torah
celebration was also a memorable event. Numerous
special programs were presented by the Sunday School
during the assembly periods on Chamisho Osor
B Shevat, Lag B’Omer and patriotic occasions.
Through their charity fund the children contributed to
local and national philanthropic organizations.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
from
"SLIM" THOMPSON
and
GREYHOUND CLEANERS
1245 KING STREET „ n,™OUEi
Between Park and Forbes 7-8683 7-8684
HAPPY NEW YEAR GREETINGS
FIVE POINT DRY CLEANERS j
AND
Silverman's Laundry
820 Lomax Street 462 Riverside Ave.
7-2380 — FONES — 5-6333
W. SILVERMAN, Owner
Eighteen
Make It Your Duty To Cooperate with Our Advertisers
