^JlZOjLíPl ÍJ-^ZOCj fl£$.±í(J£ ccSoaíztjj
I. M. Lieberman
A. H. Rothstein M. B. Glickstein
M. B. Safer
Moscovífz
OFFICERS
I. M. Lieberman President
A. H. Rothstein Vice President
Murray B. Glickstein Secretary
Moe B. Safer Treasurer
Isadore Moscovitz - Auditor
Sam Goldblatt Sergeant-at-Arms
Und er the continued efficient leadership of its
founder and present president, the Jewish Progressive
Society made remarkable progress during the past
year. 1 he past year witnessed another outstanding
and varied program.
As in the past, the society took an active part
in the 1938 campaign of the Jacksonville Jewish Com¬
munity Council Welfare Fund, Mr. Lieberman being
co-chairman of the campaign. The organization also
aided in the Hope Haven Building Fund Campaign
by sponsoring a Flaloween Dance in the Center Audi¬
torium.
The society also proved a valuable adjunct to the
Center itself by instituting the drive towards the pur¬
chase of the Center School bus, by conducting a raf-
fie and card party for that purpose. Particularly thru
the excellent work of Murray Glickstein, a large sum
was raised.
In its capacity as the local Zionist group, the
Society in collaboration with the local Hadassah,
sponsored a mass meeting, at which Judge Morris
Rothenberg, former president of the Zionist Organiza¬
tion of America, addressed what was considered by
many as one of the largest assembleges in the history
of the Center.
In January, four delegates from the local group
attended the United Palestine Appeal Convention
held in Washington, D. C. Those attending were
I. M. Lieberman, Rabbi M. Margolis, Harry Sachs, and
Jack Becker. In May, Mr. Lieberman attended the
Seaboard Regional Zionist Convention, in Durham,
N. C., and during the past summer, Rabbi Margol is
attended the Zionist Convention in Detroit as the local
delegate.
The outstanding feature of the organization cul¬
tural program was a series of debates staged with the
Jewish Men’s Club. Harry Gendzier and Harry Sachs
represented the Progressives in the competition which
resulted in a victory for each club.
The Jewish Progressive Society was organized un¬
der the Charter laws of Florida on the first of January,
1952, being founded by Mr. I. M. Lieberman and
built from the remnants of the disbanded Brith
Sholom Lodge. During the first four years of its
existence, the organization had only fraternal and
charitable aims; but two years ago, the society took
a decisive step by affiliating itself with the Zionist Or¬
ganization.
NEW YEAR'S GREETINGS
from the
MAIN STREET STATION
OF
JOSEPH H. WALSH CO.
U. S. TIRES — BATTERIES — GAS & OIL
Harry Johnston, Mgr.
MAIN ST. BETWEEN 10th and I Ith
PHONE 5-1611
“THRU THE YEAR”
with
MUELLERS
The Choice of the Discriminating User”
EGG NOODLES COOKED SPAGHETTI
SPAGHETTI MACARONI
Courtesy
F. E. PRINCE, District Sales Manager
P. O. Box 449 — Miami, Fla.
Thirty- six
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping the Center
