Charles Ghelerter Joe Fa lis
Meyer Weiss Seymour Hoffenberg
Philip Selber
OFFICERS
Aleph Godol (President)
Aleph S’gan (Vice-President)
Aleph Mazkir (Secretary)
Aleph Gisbor (Treasurer)
.... .....Aleph Shoter Godol (Sergeant-At Aims)
Aleph Shoter Koton (Asst. Sergeant-At-Arms)
Aleph Sopher (Reporter)
Aleph Cohen Godol (Chaplain)
Head Advisor
On February 28, 1937, Jacksonville’s first chapter of the A. Z. A., Junior
Order of B’nai B’rith came into existence. On that day Rabbi Labovitz, advisor
of the Savannah Chapter No. 206, and a group of Alephs from Savannah and
Charleston officially initiated the local chapter into the order following which
the installation of officers took place.
A. Z. A. is a Jewish Youth Organization with an approximate membership
of 6,500 boys in 330 chapters throughout the world. Every Jewish boy of good
character between the ages of fifteen and twenty-one is eligible for member¬
ship. When a boy reaches the age of twenty-one he is considered a life member
and then becomes a B’nai B’rith.
“Five Fold and Full” is the terminology which designated the A. Z. A.
program and which found its origin in the fertile mind of the late D'r. Boris
D. Bogen, International Secretary of B’nai B’rith. Its activities consist of
the following lines of endeavor: Religious, Social Service, Cultural, Social, and
Athletic. The creed of the A. Z. A., is composed of seven cardinal virtues
which are as follows: Patriotism, Judaism, Filial Love, Charity, Conduct, Purity
rnd Fraternity.
During the past year the local chapter has accomplished a great deal which
it is well proud of. It has sponsored smokers, dances, raffles and many
other activities. This year, the local chapter gave four medals to local Boy
Scouts, two to Troop 14 and two to Troop 12, also two weeks in camp Were
given to two Boy Scouts. The main feature this year is the coming 2nd annual
Southern Regional Convention tournament of District No. 5, to be held here in
Jacksonville on December 27, 28, 29. The local chapter will be hosts. Boys
from four states will attend and at least 250 boys are expected. Due to the
untiring efforts of its Advisory Board the local chapter is on its feet again.
The local chapter, although very young, has accomplished a great deal in
the religious, social and athletic fields, and in the future they expect to become
very active upon the five-fold program of A. Z. A. At the present time the
local Alephs are striving for the development of a closer relationship among
the Jewish Youth of Jacksonville, and among the neighboring communities
throughout the Southeast. An outstanding program has been outlined for the
coming season.
A. Z. A. MEMBERSHIP
Chas. Ghelerter
Joe Falis
Meyer H. Weiss
Seymore Hoffenberg..
Paul Weiss
William Katz
Melvin Margol
Daniel Lipson
Philip N. Selber
íaVNDWICIH inn
# MAIN AT 27th
® PARK AT GILMORE
® MIAMI ROAD IN SOUTH JAX
Leroy Joyner Wholesale Co.
NOTIONS — HOSIERY — GIFT GOODS
TOYS — ELECTRICAL SUPPLIES
SCHOOL SUPPLIES — SMALL HARDWARE
720 W. Adams St. Phone 5-0671
Forty-six
KINDLY PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
