<J. O. £. CU
Mrs. S. Abramovitz Miss Beatrice Drucker Mrs. D. Rothstein Miss Pearl Safer
OFFICERS
Mrs. Sam Abramovitz
Beatrice Drucker
Mrs. David Rothstein
Pearl Safer
President
.Vics-Fresident
Treasurer
Secretary
Entering its seventh year of existence, the F. T. E. Club, composed of
young Jewish women, has been active both in social and charitable activi¬
ties of the Jewish community. This organization, established in 1931 at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, has been of much service to the Center by giving
donations in various forms. For the past three years the club has played
a large part in sponsoring Mother’s Day at the Center at one of the Friday
night services, at which time the members presented each mother with a rose.
A large portion of the proceeds from the club’s various affairs is donated „o
charity throughout the year.
During the past year the club again opened the season with its annual
Florida-Georgia football dance at the Seminole Hotel and in November cele¬
brated its sixth anniversary with a banquet at the Seminole Hotel, at which
time new officers were presented. During the remainder of the year one social
affair was sponsored each month by two different members of the club.
This year the club is anticipating a highly successful season, active both
socially and charitably. In carrying out this program it is collaborating with
the local A. Z. A. Chapter in sponsoring a Florida-Georgia Football dance
November 5th, in the Roosevelt Hotel and an Auburn-Florida Football dance,
plans for which will be announced later.
New Year Greetings
To Our Jewish Friends
LCVETT*f
Groceterias
Try Selecting All Your Food Needs
At LOVETT'S For a Month . . .
You’ll Be Surprised How Much You
Save!
ITEMIZED CASH REGISTER RECEIPT
WITH EACH PURCHASE ....
BEST WISHES
Major H. A. Maloney
Jax Municipal Airport
Season's Greetings To My
Jewish Friends
H. J. REDAVATS
White House Vinegar
MEMBERS
SEASON’S GREETINGS —
To Our Jewish Friends and Customers
£lndM’b Raat tfAop
I 15 W. ADAMS ST.
"’Where quality is built in, not added on
The Season's Best Wishes
M ack D. Gooding
Jacksonville’s
Newest
and
Finest
Womens
Apparel
Shop
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with Our Advertisers
Forty-seven
