MRS. D. H. LASAROW
President
OFFICERS
Mrs. D. H. Lasarow -President
Mrs. J. Strauss First Vice-President
Mrs. Herbert Weiss— Second Vice-President
Mrs. William Silverman Third Vice-President
Mrs. Flarry Kalz - Treasurer
Mrs. Harry Gendzier Financial Secretary
Mrs. M. L. Hollins Corresponding Secretary
Mrs. Ernest Pilton—- Recording Secretary
It is well recognized that the prerequisite to any
upbuilding work is the health of the community. To¬
day, as always since its inception, Hadassah medical
services are indispensable to Palestine’s progress. The
development of its health program has followed a
planned course of action; (l) to establish under our
aegis essential health services and institutions; (2) to
give impetus to government, municipality and colony
to establish additional necessary institutions; (3) to
transfer Hadassah institutions and services to the
appropriate local body as and when it is able to ac¬
cept responsibility; (4) to blaze new trails necessary
to Palestine s growth.
It is expected that the Medical Center which
will comprise the Rothschild-Hadassah University Hos¬
pital, the Nurses I raining School and the Ratnoff
Medical College (the latter being erected by the
American Jewish Physicians Committee) will be com¬
pleted shortly. The ever decreasing opportunities for
Jewish medical scientists and practitioners in Europe
make all the more essential the opening of the Roths¬
child -Fladassah University Hospital with its modern
facilities and unique opportunities for the advance¬
ment of medicine. Distinguished physicians, many of
whom are exiles from their lands of origin, will be
able to continue their beneficent labors for mankind
in the fields of healing, teaching and research.
More health stations were opened (in addition to
the existent twenty-three) and the scope of several
extended to include all-day nursery services for hos¬
pital borderline cases. The Sch ool Hygiene Depart¬
ment also expanded its activities and supervised the
health of 36,000 school children. Physical defects
were diagnosed and treated either in the school build¬
ing or relerred for treatment to the appropriate agency.
In the case of contagious diseases, the whole family
came under the care of the School Hygiene Depart¬
ment. Cases of malnutrition among the school chil¬
dren were referred to the " School Luncheons Service ”,
where needy children were led without charge.
Jl has frequently been asserted that nutrition is
the key to health. The Hadassah School Luncheons
Service is calculated to safe-guard the health of the
children and through them, the community. Children
who need it (in some communities this means die
whole school) are provided with proper noon-day meals
and all school children are given courses of study (in
accordance with their age) in cooking, dietetics and
home economics. At present the “luncheons” operate
in thirty-nine schools and fifty-eight kindergartens.
Fladassah’s interest in the child, our concern
with the refugee problem, our objectives in Palestine
—all these interests are fused in the Youth Aliyah
project. The transfer of Jewish children from Ger¬
many, now including Austria and Poland, their settle¬
ment, maintenance and education in Palestine, is di¬
rected by the Arbeilsgemeinschaft fur Kinder and Jug-
en d Aliyah, an international committee of which
Hadassah is the American agency. The Youth Aliyah
committee has thus far provided for the emigration
and settlement of 2,000 children.
The irresistable humanitarian appeal for the res¬
cue and rehabilitation of these children, coinciding
with Palestine’s great need for additional man-power
and the trained and useful citizens which the Youth
Aliyah project assures, accounts for the widespread
interest and success attained in America. An impor¬
tant by-product of the undertaking of this work by
Hadassah has been the widening and strengthening
of Hadassah ranks by the inclusion of numerous wo¬
men who, hitherto aloof from Zionist interest, have
through activity for Youth Aliyah become leaders and
participants in all Zionist endeavors.
The current debacle in Jewish life gives urgency
to the application of Zionist ideology and its funda¬
mental concept that Jewish homelessness and the disa¬
bilities it creates must be cured. Palestine has already
proven itself as the best cure. What has already been
achieved there under terrific odds gives confident hope
that Israel will again, as of old, make a significant
contribution to civilization.
Forty-eight
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with our Advertisers.
