BEST WISHES FOR.
IIAPPY NEW YEAR
N. Chepenik & Sons
Wholesale Fruits ft Vegetables
Complirrients oj
Curty and Oak Co.
337 Riverside Avenue
The Season's Best Wishes
JOE DONEY
CHIEF TRAFFIC OFFICER
Duval County
Happy New Year
Dr. Otto J. Tonissen
and
Dr. Heywood A. Dowling
MiHteBSr
AlftCOflOT'ONET)
EVERY COMFORT
at this modern, fireproof hotel in the
heart of downtown Jacksonville. Every
room .with* tub and shower, soft water,.
radio. Every bed with innerspring mis¬
tress and reading lamp. Running ice
water on every fleer.
POPULAR PRICED
COCKTAIL LOUNGE end COFFEE SHOP
Other J. B. POUNE Hotels
HOTEL PATTEN ^ HOTEL DESOTO
Chaitanocsa Savannah
^jaciz aonui td ^JzoltLaPl dc
ommumtij
do lined
OFFICERS
Alexander Brest President
Max Rubin Vice-President
Rabbi Israel L. Kaplan Vice-President
Harold Cohn Vice -President
Rabbi Morris D. Margolis Secretary
Max Moss Treasurer
The third annual Welfare Fund Campaign conducted by the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Community Council established the work of this organization
as one of the most successful undertakings of the local Jewish Community.
Over $10,000 was raised, almost 100 per cent more than last year.
The Council aims to unite all fund raising campaigns by sponsoring
one joint welfare fund, which eliminates the many independent solicitations
and separate campaigns, and permits these funds to be equitably distributed
according to the merits and budgets of the respective beneficiary institutions.
The 1938 Campaign for funds, conducted during the early months of
the year, was launched at a luncheon and meeting with an address by
Judge Morris Rothenberg of New York, one of the foremost leaders in
American Zionism. Mr. Max Moss served as chairman of the drive and
I. Mf Lieberman acted as co-chairman.
Committees from the Jewish Progressive Society, the Temple Ahaveth
Chesed, the Jacksonville Jewish Center, the Junior and Senior Hadassah,
the Temple Sisterhood, the Daughters of Israel, the Ladies Hebrew Shelter¬
ing Aid Society and Home for the Aged, the B nai B’rith, the Workmen’s
Circle and the Jewish Men's Club all worked diligently to insure the
success of the Campaign. Mr. Simon J. Levin representative of the United
Palestine Appeal and Rabbi Elihu Rickie of New York, representative of
the American Jewish Committee, worked tirelessly with the Campaign
organization.
The Budget Committee consisting of; Max Moss chairman. Alex
Brest, Joseph M. Glickstein, I. M. Lieberman and Max Rubin allocated
the funds to many worthy American and overseas educational and charitable
institutions. The chief beneficiaries were the Joint Distribution Committee,
the United Palestine Appeal and Jewish national institutions such as the
Denver Hospital, the Atlantic Orphan Home, the B’nai B’rith Wide Scope
Committee, the American Jewish Congress and others.
Up to date over $7,000.00 has been collected and distributed. A
detailed report of collections and disbursements will be mailed to all mem¬
bers of the council, as was done last year. Joseph Hartman, accountant,
has donated, his services to audit the Council hooks.
The various charitable institutions and hospitals who receive alloca¬
tions from these funds and who are constantly giving assistance and care
to thousands of needy and sick men, women and children, have expressed
their appreciation for the cooperation they have received from the Jewish
community of Jacksonville through the United Welfare Fund.
J he officers of the Council urge all the members of our Jewish
community to give their wholehearted support to this organization, so that
local Jewry may do its share in alleviating the suffering and widespread
disaster of our fellow Jews overseas, and in helping our less fortunate
brothers in America.
T he officers and members of the organization for the United Welfare
Fund Campaign for 1938 express their thanks to all the volunteer com¬
mittees from cooperating organizations for their untiring efforts and to
the management of the Seminole Hotel for their assistance in arranging
the workers’ luncheons and meetings held there throughout the Campaign.
MEMBER ORGANIZATIONS
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Temple Ahaveth Chesed
Jewish Progressive Society
Daughters of Israel
Senior Hadassah
Junior Hadassah
B nai B’rith
Workmen’s Circle
Jewish Men’s Club
Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society and Home for The Aged
Thirty-eight
Make It Your Duty To Cooperate with Our Advertisers
