dJílE J2cLcIíE± cJ-fííjZECir ¿SflEÍtEZÜlCj Cz/fící J^OC eIíJ
and czdfoiriE j-oi tfiE czdfqEd
The Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society and
Home for The Aged was organized for the purpose
of giving shelter and aid to transients, supplying them
with Kosher Food and lodging and relieving the needs
of local indigents. The Society also maintains a Free
Loan Fund, the Gmieles Chesed, whereby many fami¬
lies are enabled to help themselves over a financial
crisis and gives immigrant aid wherever possible. It
also aims to establish a Home for the Aged, a Moshev
Zekenim .towards the achievement of which it is
making steady progress.
Last year representative members of the Ladies’
Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society and Home for the
Aged and the Jewish Progressive Society selected the
following officers to lead the Joint Home Committee '■
Mr. Joseph Wilensky, chairman; Mrs. M. Stein, co-
chairman; Mr. J. Lapinsky, vice-chairman; Mrs. J.
Shapiro, vice-chairman; Mr. Morris Wolfson, treasurer;
BEST BY EVERY TEST"
Mrs. H. Rosenvaig, secretary and Mrs. H. Talsman,
assistant secretary.
J he lirst step of this Joint Committee has been
to enter into negotiations lor the purchase of a most
desirable property for the building of a Home for
the Aged, where those who will be fortunate enough
to spend their reclining years, will have a haven of
comfort and peace, in a clean, beautiful and quiet
location .
1 he annual reports given at the Installation of
Officers during the early part of the year have shown
most unusual progress, stressing the methods used by
the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society in pro¬
viding the needy with food, clothing, fuel, medicines,
etc., without any embarrassment and loss of sel I-re¬
spect to the recipient.
Thanks have been extended to Dr. J. V. Safer,
who untiringly has assisted the organization in the
care of its sick, and Dr. Sam Witten who has given
of his services whenever called upon lor denial aid.
Mrs. E. G. Stern, secretary ol the Jewish Wellare
Society, has worked cooperatively with Mrs. A. Nabin
and Mrs. J. T. Wilensky, chairman of the Relief Com¬
mittee, and is thanked for her kind indulgence.
During the past year the monthly Bridge Parties,
the Rummage Sale under the expert direction ol Mrs.
A. Nabin and Mrs. M. Stein, the Turkey Raffle di¬
rected by Mrs. Sam Bryan and Mrs. P. L. Samson,
the Annual Summer and Armistice Day Dances, un¬
der the splendid direction of Mrs. Sidney L. Blattner
and Mrs. P. Haimowitz, the Children’s Honor Register,
the Annual Closing Luncheon sponsored by Mrs. S. L.
Blattner, Mrs. G. I -evin and Mrs. P. Haimowitz have
helped to finance the successful work ol the organi¬
zation.
In addition to its regular program ol Aid Work,
the society provided special food during the High
Holiday Season and at Passover, distributed baskets
at J hanksgiving and Jewish Festivals, gave a gener¬
ous contribution to the Jacksonville Jewish Communi¬
ty Council and sent the annual Passover contribution
to the General Israel Orphans’ Home lor Girls in
Palestine.
Wishing Our Jewish Friends a Happy New Year
The Dairy That Serves Particular People
GRADE A MILK, CREAM and
ALL DAIRY PRODUCTS
RIEKER'S DAIRY
ROUTE 4— BOX 587
SAUER'S pure VANILLA
SAUER'S SPICES
Show Your Appreciation to Our Advertisers By Giving Them Your Patronage.
Fifty-
