Message from the Rabbi
• • • •
The theme of this book is the twentieth anniversary of
the recreation of the State of Israel. What are twenty years
in the milennial span of human history? A drop in the bucket.
Yet twenty years is a generation, a cross section of a period,
an impressive chunk of an epoch. Our people is roughly 4,000
years old, and in the course of that sweeping stretch of time,
we have experienced Exile and Return, time and time again.
Now we have returned — for good, we hope. We have gone
forth from the land of Israel, but we have always come back.
Israel draws us, and we pull her with cords of love.
It has almost become commonplace. The commonplace
must be broadened: Each Jew who returns to Israel comes
not as tourist or visitor. The place is not strange to him.
The names of its cities and villages have been vivid house¬
hold words for centuries. Each of us has been there before.
It’s homecoming.
Whoever believed that the Jewish State would spring to
life after one of the most bloody and savage periods of his¬
tory? Out of the death of the holocaust emerged new zest and
life. In this phenomenon we discern our immortality, our
passion to endure, to build and create anew.
During this past year the two Jerusalems have
been reunited and the last vestige of the Temple, the
Western Wall, has become ours again. It belongs to
us, and to mankind. The Wall is symbol of the endur¬
ance and indestructability of our people, and of man,
and of our resolve to build around the Wall new cities,
modern and imaginative, where men might study, and
work, and live together, joining old dreams to new
accomplishments.
Witness the scene after the union of Jerusalem
and the taking of the Wall — a group of army officers
approaching the Wall. They do not fall to their knees
or kiss its stones. No prayer crosses their lips. They
stand at attention and salute the Wall, then turn and
leave.
Witness countless others who approach the Wall
wishing to be overwhelmed and carried away, to arti¬
culate prayer that wells up from the soul, to plunge
themselves into the totality of Jewish history that em¬
braces every person, every Jew who ever comes to this
place, or ever thought about coming.
Witness a man and woman who move near to shed
a crystal tear in which is reflected the whole world of
the sorrow and the search of the Jew.
Witness the Reform Jews who recently solicited
permission to hold a service at the Wall involving both
men and women. Permission denied. Their desire was
more than a gesture. It represented a desire for the
union with all of Israel, before the mystery of the
Wall. Students and disciples of all faiths now come
freely to the Temple site to be challenged by Isaiah,
that war may one day end and nations unite.
This book, issued in the twentieth year of Israel's
restoration, enters into the record the raw material out
of which Jewish history is constructed. For future his-
RABBI JEROME LIPNICK
torians we must leave the task to assemble out of the
names, and the pictures, and the partisan tales of suc¬
cess and achievement — and between the lines the
failures — the trend and direction of this community.
What are the forces at work here? What is our leader¬
ship? Where is it taking us? Where do we aspire to go?
The question: Are we moving closer to our soil,
and to our roots, or are we drawing farther away like
so many other Jewish groups of the past have done,
believing ourselves not only adequate but even super¬
ior, believing that we have nothing to learn or profit
from the reality of Israel or the Jewish people?
This, I believe, is the rule of our existence: Israel
and its achievements in the realm of the spirit in days
gone by, and its tantalizing potential for the future is
the bond that enables our congregation and this com¬
munity to retain its vitality, its dynamism, and its
purpose.
The new State of Israel compels us to reformu¬
late our conceptions of value and holiness wherever we
are. The language of holiness and faith again requires
restatement and reconstruction. We are never sure
where the secular ends, and the spiritual begins. Like
body, mind, and spirit, they cannot be separated in
America ... in Israel . . . Everywhere.
Thus we present another book for another year of
Jewish experience. No year was ever like this. The
Wall is ours, and we are its breathing stones, as we
plan anew the cities of God and man.
Rabbi Jerome Lipnick
13
