s,
'u n a cj ocj
we
-C
enter
*41
ministration
On behalf of the Administrative Staff we extend the en tire membership and our many friends best wishes for
a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
Jf^rief *Scope of ¿Activities
Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are held daily, morn¬
ing and evening in the Chapel. Friday Family Services, Sabbath and
Holiday Services are observed in the Sanctuary throughout the entire
year.
KENNETH BOWDEN
Controller
Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish customs are
observed in connection with Circumcision, Naming of Girls, Pidyon
Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat Mitzvah, Confirmation, Marriages, Conver¬
sion to Judaism, Bereavement.
Education — Daily Kindergarten and Nursery with outstanding pro¬
gram of secular and religious content. Hebrew School, carefully graded
with intensive Hebrew content; Sunday School, with a curriculum in¬
cluding Jewish history and customs; Solomon Schechter Day School, a
graded secular and Hebrew School, 1st through 3rd grade; with Pre-Jr.,
Junior, Teen and Confirmation Congregations and Minyan Clubs.
Extension Services — Library, outstanding collection of juvenile and
adult Jewish books; Adult Education, religious and cultural Jewish
courses; Music programs of religious and cultural Jewish music; Sister¬
hood and Men's Clubs; Social activities provided by Mr. and Mrs. Club,
Amity Club, Single Adults; Family Recreation Program (Olympic
Pool), summer weekdays and Sundays for all ages at our Campsite.
Youth Activities — ATID for college age youth; United Synagogue
Youth, various age levels are served by Center Youth League, Charles
Palot Club, Pre-U.S.Y.; Scouting (Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts); Girl
Scouts; Brownies; Athletics, programs for youth and adults; Center
Day Camp — nine weeks summer program at our 36 acre Campsite
on State Road No. 13.
Family Recreation Program — Center Campsite . . . Swimming,
athletics, snack bar, available for members during the summer months.
MRS. FLORENCE ROBIN
Adm. Secretary
MRS. ESTHER FISHLER
Secretary - Year Book
MRS. REEDA
CARMICHAEL
Machine Bookkeeper
11
