Message from the President
When I became your President last January, I must
admit that I accepted this position with a great deal of
awe and trepidation. To follow in the footsteps of the long
line of distinguished Presidents, who have guided the des¬
tinies of our congregation for the past 67 years, filled me
with both pride and humility.
Perhaps, more than any other factor, it was a pas¬
sage from the Talmud that gave me the courage to accept
my nomination. That passage reads: “Lo alecho hama-
locha lig’mor, v’lo atoh ben horin Vhebotael mimenoh.”
Translated, it reads, “It is not your duty to accomplish
the complete task — but — you are not free to desist from
doing all you can.”
Regarding the first part of this Mishnah, I can say
that I was promised; I expected; and I have received a
great deal of help and encouragement from our officers,
our Board members, our professional staff and from many
rank and file members of our congregation. For all your
cooperation and assistance, I am truly deeply grateful.
Without your help, I could not succeed; with your con¬
tinuing help, we cannot fail.
As for the second part of the Mishnah, I pledge to
do my best to vindicate the confidence and trust you have
placed in me. Moreover, I urge each and every member
of this congregation to take this teaching to heart, to make
it part of your way of life. Judaism requires only that you
do the best you can. Your capability would not permit you
to do more. Your conscience should not permit you to do
less.
NATHAN FREIDLIN, President
For a general overall view of our accomplishments
during the past year, I invite you to browse through the
pages of this Year Book, which in itself is a most im¬
portant and necessary accomplishment for which we must
thank and commend Hymie Selber and his staff, espec¬
ially Esther Fishier and Florence Robin.
PHILIP SELBER
Chairman of the Board
Among our successful accomplishments this past year I would list the
refurbishing of our Daily Prayer Chapel; the enjoyable and profitable Purim
Fair; the fund raising activities of our Foundation School which allowed
them to successfully balance their budget, a Yasher Co-ach to Herb Plotkin
and his committee for a job well done. Our congratulations and thanks to
Blanche Slott and her staff and to the members of our Day Camp Com¬
mittee for the wonderful Day Camp program which they conducted this past
summer.
As this Year Book goes to press, negotiations are well under way with
one of the world's best known Synagogue Architects to produce plans for
our new Synagogue-Center which we plan to erect at our Campsite.
Like our ancestors in the wilderness, when they erected the first sanc¬
tuary, we too, each of us, must get behind this effort with all our hearts,
and with all our might. This will be our major contribution to our children
and our children's children for many decades to come.
On behalf of the Officers and members of your Board of Directors and
Board of Trustees, I extend to every member of our congregation our wishes
and prayers for a good year, a year of health, contentment and prosperity,
and above all a year of Shalom.
USHANAH TOVAH TIKOTEVU
15
