Dr. Harry Yergin
Abraham E. Selber
The death of Dr. Harry Yergin during the past year
has removed from the leadership ranks of the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center one of its most active and loyal work¬
ers on behalf of the congregation over the past fifteen
years.
Dr. Yergin’s contribution in the promotion and de¬
velopment of the congregation’s youth program represents
perhaps one of the outstanding individual contributions in
the history of the synagogue. His earliest interest was in
the Cub Scout movement in which he served both as Cub-
master and as Chairman of the Parents’ Committee. His
zeal and hard work, both of which were expended in far
above normal proportions, enabled the pack to achieve
its greatest degree of success during his years of leader¬
ship, being unquestionably one of the two or three best
units in the area.
Following the advancement of his own sons into the
ranks of Boy Scout activities, Dr. Yergin became Scout¬
master, and once again his leadership produced what will
probably be looked back upon as the golden period of
scouting at the Center, when the history of the scout¬
ing movement is written. His personal interest in the in¬
dividual achievements of each of the Scouts is something
which those who were privileged to come under his guid¬
ance will never forget or cease to appreciate. His willing¬
ness to give of his own time at great personal sacrifice
enabled the troop to maintain one of the finest outdoor
camping programs of any troop in the city. He was able
to personally influence the individual scouts to the
achievement of high rank, and more scouts attained the
rank of Eagle Scout during his tenure of leadership than
in any other period in the history of the troop.
When his scouting activities came to a close, the
interest of Dr. Yergin in the youth of the synagogue
did not end. He became chairman of the youth committee
and as such became involved in the work of the United
Synagogue Youth and ATID Programs of the synagogue.
At the same time Dr. Yergin became extremely active
in the work of the Day Camp committee and was serving
as its chairman at the time of his death.
Leaders such as Dr. Yergin are not easily replaced—
if ever. The example of his leadership and devotion to
the youth program of his synagogue will long be an in¬
spiration to the members of the congregation whose chil¬
dren he served so admirably.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center takes the occasion
of the publication of this Yearbook to mark indelibly in
its records its appreciation and indebtedness to Dr. Yergin
for the permanent influence he has left behind.
During the past year the congregation lost the serv¬
ices of one of its most dedicated workers and supporters
upon the death of Abraham E. Selber, a member of the
Board of Trustees.
Mr. Selber’s long period of service, both as a member
of the Board of Trustees and the Board of Directors,
extends over a period of more than twenty-five years.
He was active in the financial and religious phases of the
synagogue program but was particularly interested in its
program in support of the Jewish Theological Seminary.
As an indication of the deep concern which he felt
for the future education and training of professional reli¬
gious personnel, Mr. Selber provided in his Will for the
establishment of a special trust fund to assist in the
strengthening of those programs which are foremost in
this area. The purpose of the trust fund is to provide
scholarships to assist students of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Religious Schools in securing additional training,
education and preparation for roles as rabbis, cantors,
teachers, educational directors, and youth workers in the
Jewish religious field.
The scholarships are to be used for the purpose of
assisting students in summer religious camps such as
Camp Ramah, all day religious schools of high school
level, seminaries, institutions, colleges or universities in¬
cluding both those which are designed primarily for direct
training and education for those occupations or profes¬
sions and those whose facilities can be useful in the pre¬
paration of the student for later specific religious educa¬
tion and training.
The creation of the Abe Selber Trust marks the
second such scholarship endeavor connected with the
synagogue. Several years ago, the family of the late
Robert Gordon established the Robert Gordon Scholar¬
ship for Camp Ramah, as a result of which quite a num¬
ber of local students have been enabled to secure the rich
summer experience which has influenced them in con¬
tinuing their Jewish interests at the college level.
The creation of the Abe Selber Trust Fund will serve
as a fitting and lasting memorial to this synagogue leader
who has provided for the continuation beyond his own life
time of those programs which were so dear to him.
The congregation takes this occasion to record not
only the many fine achievements of Abe Selber during
his life but also this noble act in the creation of this
mechanism for the continuous development of professional
religious leadership for the coming generations.
The Center Board of Directors has decided to accept
additional contributions to this fund. Those who are in¬
terested may make their contributions to the Center as
trustee.
38
