In Memory of
MAX RUBIN
We Dedicate this Year Book to the Late Max Rubin
Max Rubin, the mortal, has passed on, but the
name of Max Rubin will forever be a part of the
immortal history of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
and of many other fine causes. Max Rubin wrote
an indelible page that must indeed be an example
for dedicated people to follow.
As a person, he was a good husband, a fine
father and grandfather, and ever loyal to all his
family. Time and time again he came to the assist¬
ance of the members of his family.
His many continuing services were rendered
graciously. He made a covenant for himself. He
was a leader, a worker, and an inspiration. He was
capable, skillful and efficient. The record speaks
out loudly and soundly for a half century of im¬
portant contribution to the Center and the com¬
munity.
Let us review this record. He served as Presi¬
dent, Board member of the Jewish Center and as
Chairman of the Cemetery Committee. His progres¬
sive outlook helped sustain B’nai Israel, and when
the Hebrew Junior League proposed the Jewish
Center, no one man was more sympathetic to its
proposals, and no man labored more diligently to¬
wards its fruition. Mortgages never scared him be¬
cause he had faith in its membership.
Even though the frowns of misfortune fell upon
him, he was not willing to abandon, quit, or sur¬
render, like so many after the burst of the land
boom. He was a man of consummate skill, astute
and discerning, and with faith and assurance he
guided others so that the new Jewish Center was
built and completed. When the remodeling of the
old building and the Youth Activities Building were
proposed, no man put forth more efforts towards
these projects.
Lest we forget, Max Rubin was a charter
member of the Jewish Community Council and sev-
of Blessed Memory.
eral times was honored for his magnificent works.
His love for Israel, the Z. O. A., and the Jewish
National Fund transcended ordinary service and
he was recognized nationally. As a leader, a work¬
er, an organizer, he allowed others to receive the
honors while he himself did most of the work. He
was awarded a 35-year and then a 50-year pin for
membership in B’nai B’rith.
He was an extraordinary person. He didn’t
hate, dislike or despise anyone. He was a friend^
and sociable person, without pretentious airs. He
was a kindly man, agreeable and likeable. Every¬
thing he did was with faith and assurance, with
the ability to transact and administer. He was a
man of strong opinions. Often his views became
those of the majority. When he was not in agree¬
ment, he would declare himself, and graciously ac¬
cept the majority view.
His greatest achievement was his chairmanship
of the Cemetery Committee, and indeed it seemed
that each blade of grass meant something to him.
When the Center lost our original Cemetery ground
due to financial failure, it was Max Rubin, and
Max Rubin alone, who effected its return to the
Center by the Evergreen Cemetery Association.
When the new Cemetery was purchased, Max
Rubin again made a covenant with himself to see
to it that it be made to flourish. Without funds,
he arranged loans, signed contracts, spent days and
days towards its improvement. This alone can be
called a monument to his valiant efforts.
There are two ambitions. The bad seeks power
and reward. The good ambition is the kind that
drives a man to do something valuable or dis¬
tinguished, one that wishes to contribute some¬
thing valuable in his lifetime. The latter was the
credo of Max Rubin.
39
