tivitics
MRS. LOUIS SLOTT
Center Youth Activities Chm.
SHELDON GENDZIER
Chm. of Youth Commission
CENTER YOUTH ORGANIZATIONS
Center Youth League (CYL) — A coed USY (United
Synagogue Youth) Chapter for 11th and 12th
graders meeting twice monthly on Sunday from
September to May.
Charles Palot Club (CPC) — USY Chapter for 8th, 9th
and 10th grade boys and girls meeting throgh-
out the school year twice monthly on Sundays at
the Center.
Pre-USY — A coed youth club for 6th and 7th graders
with varied social, religious, and athletic func¬
tions held monthly.
Boy Scouts (Troop 14)
Cub Scouts (Pack 14)
Girl Scouts and Brownies
V"- USQ/
Pre-USY in Jacksonville was reorganized this year
for sixth and seventh graders. This program teaches
youngsters at an early age to look to the synagogue as
a center of community life — recreational as well as
social, religious, and educational. The Pre-USY move¬
ment is also in existence to bring about the interna¬
tionalization of Jewish values, attitudes, and behavior
patterns by supplementing the pre-teen’s formal reli¬
gious education with informal Jewish living exper¬
iences.
In October Pre-USY attended Simhas Torah serv¬
ices as a group; they sat, sang, and marched around
the synagogue together. The organizational meeting
was held in November at the Center. An enthusiastic
group of officers was elected: President - Beverly Gold¬
stein, Vice-President - Zelda Slaff, Treasurer - Judy
Lesnick, Corresponding Secretary - Carol Fraden, and
Recording Secretary - Bonnie Benwick.
The December meeting was held at Carol Fraden’s
home. After the business meeting at which future
plans were made, members of CYL presenetd the skit
“How to Teach Your Son to Be a Layman.” Also dur¬
ing the month of December Pre-USY had its first bake
sale at the Lakewood Shopping Center. At the Han-
ukah Fair Pre-USY helped set up booths and was in
charge of “Pin the candle on the menorah”.
In March Pre-USY worked at the Purim Fair and
had a luncheon meeting at the Center. Other meetings
were held at Deena Safer’s, Judy Lesnick’s, and Zelda
Slaff s houses.
In April a regional Pre-USY newspaper was pub¬
lished. Jacksonville Pre-USYers contributed many ar¬
ticles to this publication.
Many advisors have devoted much time to Pre-
USY. They were Phyllis Glossman and Mrs. Myra
Lazarus. Sponsors from the Center Youth League were
Wendy Fraden and Sherri Silverman.
Pre-USY in Jacksonville has accomplished much
in the past year and looks forward to an even brighter
future. A new name has been chosen by the national
organization: “Kadimah”—meaning “forward’.’ As one
of our members wrote: “Our meetings aren’t always
perfection in order, but we have fun and get work done,
too.” We hope to see you in Pre-USY next year!
101
