A continuous effort is being made to attract the
Center membership to use this very fine library facil¬
ity. Book displays planned by Mrs. Rosenzweig have
been placed in strategic locations. Articles written by
Howard Haber have been placed in the Bulletin tell¬
ing of new book acquisitions and library hours. Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Hilsenrad continue to keep the library
open Friday nights after services.
Library orientation talks were held for Sunday
School classes under the direction of Mrs. Harold
Newman and Rita Gendzier.
An Oneg Shabbat honoring the Newberry Award
winner, Elaine Konigsburg, was held in conjunction
with the Sisterhood.
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Chairman Miss Minnie Schreiber
Vice Chairman Miss Rita Gendzier
Publicity Mr. Howard Haber
Cataloguing Mrs. H. Newman, Mrs. Jack Dreher
Friday Night
Library Hours .... Mr. and Mrs. Harold Hilsenrad
Displays Mr. and Mrs. A. Rosenzweig
Sisterhood Representative Mrs. Irvin Rothstein
Classification Mr. Leo Meizlik
Mrs. J. M. Wexler
Administration Mrs. Philip Selber, Librarian
Mrs. Charlotte Glossman, Librarian
Mrs. A. Boatwright
Special Events Mrs. Nathan Schneider
ere
the JHusic ?
Is the music that fills the air,
With its soft melody, and no one there?
Soft and quiet, or high and loud,
It absorbs the atmosphere above the cloud!
The King from the great joy bends his knees,
Peace dwell in his heart and praising Thee!
The ocean will smooth its roaring,
As the ship on the water floating.
The leaf of trees will sing when the wind blows
Is a joy to the eyesight with great glow!
The bird will warble eternally,
Of an instinct joy continually.
Music is an infant language and how
As to turn the earth with an invisible plow!
Music is a golden carpet to all human being,
We admire it, and rejoice it, as a Holy Queen!
Who is rich and who is poor?
We fly high as the bird Calhoun.
Music is as cement to the stone
That strengthens the heart with sweet tune and high tone.
Music will be found in time of joy and distress,
It strengthens the heart of all who are depressed.
This is a flash passing over me,
To lay peace in the heart who praise Thee.
Music and the lovers of piano
Will surprise the audience with do, re, me, fa, sol, and
soprano.
Music is a sick healing
As the prayer with God dealing.
Music with praise
Approach the soul to the above with grace.
Will close and pause as a lily rose
Of course we are near in contact to the Holy Throne.
By Isaac Kabbani
601 Lower 8th Avenue S.
Jacksonville Beach, Fla. 32050
131
