rJ~u tvire of the d^enter
When I accepted the chairmanship of the study committee for the long range
planning of the new Jacksonville Jewish Center, I really had no idea of the scope and
complexity of this undertaking.
I thought it would be a comparatively simple task to find an architect, lay it all
in his lap, and let him accept the responsibility. But, it was not to be anything like that.
I first communicated with the Department of Synagogue Administration of the
United Synagogue of America, requesting a list of architects who are engaged in syna¬
gogue architecture. This list consisted of 22 names. I communicated with all of these
people and received replies from all. Some were very interested in our project, while
others were not.
I also communicated with the Jewish Museum in New York, where an exhibition
had been arranged of contemporary synagogue architecture, for the purpose of bring¬
ing to public attention some of the problems raised by the need for reconciling the
traditional values accumulated during the history of synagogue building with modern
social, economic and architectural needs.
Now my list of names expanded to 36, and I was becoming increasingly aware of
the myriad problems, the many facets and ramifications that confronts an undertaking
of this kind.
On my trips to New York I met several architects and
began to take side trips to see, in person, their works. And, in
the nearly two years since this project began, I have visited
several hundred synagogues, all over the United States — and
all over the world.
Many are now hazy, or forgotten in my mind, but others
are vivid and exciting. Some architects were eliminated from
consideration, not because they were not great, but because
they were really beyond our financial means—Grapuis, Phillip
Johnson, Kahn, and Yamasaki.
Thus, the list narrowed down to three architects for con¬
sideration. I made it a point to meet these men personally,
and had much communication with them. I then arranged to
have them each come to Jacksonville and meet with our Board
and Committee and to make a presentation, after seeing our
present facilities and our new site. I felt it imperative that we
get to know these men — to find one we could work with and
“live” with during the time it would take to complete this
“dream.”
A fourth name was added to this list of three, Norman
Freedman, a brilliant young architect and a member of our
Congregation. He, too, made an excellent presentation.
All four architects were questioned on all matters concern¬
ing every phase of this undertaking: Their feeling, thoughts
and impressions about: The site, the Sanctuary, the school,
social facilities, offices, toilets, lighting, heating, furnishings,
storage, landscaping, memorials, and the many different “ways”
of building.
On April 22nd the committee met at my home for a final
decision, and the entire Board was invited. After summing up
the vast accumulation of materials and impressions, it was the
opinion of this Committee that we select Mr. Percival Good¬
man, and Mr. Norman Freedman as co-architects, and to see
if a joint venture could be arranged. It was felt that the com-
mm
PERCIVAL GOODMAN
Architect
NORMAN H. FREEDMAN
Architect
BEN FRIEDMAN, Chairman
Planning Committee
bined talents of these two men could give us a beautiful con¬
temporary Center that would be as beautiful and contempor¬
ary 20 years from now, and one that would have a dynamic,
positive influence in our Jewish Community, and in our Com¬
munity as a whole.
They could build a Sanctuary that would allow us to use
the lovely natural surroundings of our Site — the natural light
so that our Congregation could sense that night is falling —
or the sun climbing toward noon! It would be sensitive to its
environment — so it could allow our members to wander into
its course to sit and read—or meditate—or pray.
They could build a Chapel that is airy, and inspiring, to
draw the morning Minyan.
I approached Mr. Goodman, who had already met Nor¬
man Freedman and after several phone calls and a meeting in
New York, he agreed to the co-venture on May 7th.
Mr. Freedman was also enthusiastic about combining his
talents with those of Mr. Goodman.
Most of our members are familiar with the growing list
of credits that Norman Freedman is acquiring, and as a Cen¬
ter member and a Board member with a great dedication to
the Center, his on-the-spot-supervision will be a fabulous ad¬
vantage.
Mr. Goodman is unquestionably the outstanding synagogue
architect in the United States. He is the Professor of Design
in the Graduate School of Architecture at Columbia University
since 1946. He is a member of Mayor Lindsey’s Panel of Arch¬
itects in New York, and Who’s Who in America. He is a noted
Book Illustrator, Painter and Sculptor. He has designed over
60 Synagogues, and at present has three in progress in Syra¬
cuse, New York, Grand Rapids, Michigan, and Kings Point,
The Jews have historically built synagogues in the style
of the time in which they lived. There is no living tradition of
construction and style in the architecture of synagogues, yet,
too often, many people like the things they are already ac¬
customed to, no matter how poorly it is built, and how lack¬
ing in any aesthetic virtue.
I feel our selection of these two outstanding architects will
give us a Jewish Center that will be esthetically satisfying, but
more important, will be aware of tradition of our ‘congrega¬
tion,’ the tradition of our ‘Service’—the tradition of the func¬
tions for which we use our Center.
To quote Percival Goodman, “Tradition cannot be im¬
ported where it does not exist.”
Respectfully submitted,
BEN FRIEDMAN
135
