93
íver
1968-1969
President Mrs. I. P. Edwards
First Vice-President Mrs. Myron Rosenberg
Second Vice-President Mrs. J. Paul Witten
Third Vice-President Mrs. Bennie Margol
Recording Secretary Mrs. H. C. Sims
Financial Secretary Mrs. Larry Richter
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Sam Lazarus
Treasurer (General) Mrs. Leon Donziger
Treasurer (Projects) Mrs. Gerald Glickstein
River Garden is looking forward to the addition
of the Eugenia Coleman Memorial Building which will
add ninety new beds to the existing facilities.
River Garden Auxiliary was founded 45 years ago
by a very dedicated group of women whose aim was
to locate a home for Jewish aged in Jacksonville. This
dream became a reality in 1946 when River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged was officially founded.
The Auxiliary provides the extra budgetary needs
as furnishing, redecorating, air conditioning, kitchen
and infirmary equipment, and hobby shop materials,
Funds are raised through our Tombola, Donor, social
printing projects, as well as annual dues and life mem¬
berships. Linen at the Home is replenished through
our annual Linen Shower affair.
In the realm of service Ladies Aid sponsors ac¬
tivity and volunteer programs. Our Red Cross Volun¬
teer service to our residents is outstanding. Our mem-
Mr. I. P. Edwards, President,
shown with her Vice Presidents
bers provide transportation for non-residents to attend
the weekly Golden Sunshine meetings held at River
Garden. The Auxiliary continues to lend support to
the Golden Sunshine Club. Our members provide en¬
tertainment for the residents on special holidays.
We renew our pledge of continued devotion and
service to River Garden and its residents in the hope
that we can help bring some measure of comfort and
meaning to their lives.
LAWRENCE RACKOW
Director
President Dr. Jack E. Snider
Vice Presidents
.. Bennett Hirsh
Nathan Kazin
Dr. Morris Price
Bert Whitfield
Treasurer L. J. Roobin
DR. JACK E. SNIDER
President
In its 51st year, the Jewish Family and Children’s
Services, Inc., the casework arm of the Jewish Com¬
munity, served 327 different families and individuals
in one or more of its programs — some in short con¬
tact, others for services going on over years.
The main area, personal counseling done on an
individual and more recently, also on a family group
basis, involved persons of all ages, educational and
economic backgrounds and all degrees of religiosity
and covered topics in parent-child problems, marital
difficulties, mental and physical illness and finances.
About 40% of the clientele were senior citizens, some
of whom were also helped by financial and referral
services, a Friendly Visiting program or admission to
River Garden.
A foster care program for short term care and an
adoption program including services for unmarried
mothers, were also available. Day Camp scholarships
were awarded with the wonderful cooperation of the
Center Day Camp and Camp Leitman, and interest
free college loans through the cooperation of the
Jewish Children’s Services of Atlanta.
Short term financial assistance was available for
local families and one or two day temporary care was
available for transients. Besides this, a limited counsel¬
ing and religious services program was continued at
Raiford and begun at the State Hospital at Mac-
clenny.
The program was financed by your contributions
to the United Fund and the Jewish Welfare Fund.
175
