Proposed Eugenia Coleman Memorial Building
S. WILLIAM GOLDSTEIN
President
OFFICERS
S. William Goldstein President
Sheldon Gendzier Executive Vice President
Chairman, Admissions Board
Donald D. Cohn Vice President
Co-Chairman, Admissions Board
Norman Hofheimer Vice President
Co-Chairman, Admissions Board
Eli Becker Vice President
Chairman, House Committee
Herbert Warner Vice President
Chairman, Public Relations
William Goldman Co-Chairman, Public Relations
Mrs. David Meyerhardt Vice President
Chairman, Residents Welfare
The momentum of the electrifying news that River
Garden will build its fourth addition continues through
1968 as architects, Freedman and Clements, concen¬
trate on design and beauty for the Eugenia Coleman
Memorial Building. Changing concepts of the purposes
of a Home for the Aged is reflected in the plans as
the focus is placed on the “wellness” component of the
aging person rather than his infirmities and handicaps.
This new approach to the management of the
infirm aged frees the Home from the traditional hos¬
pital look or program. It now recognizes the need for
providing the helpless patient with a total living exper¬
ience rather than limited to serving illnesses which
cannot be reversed by present day services.
Dr. Harry Yoffee Vice President
Medical Director
Albert Kofka Treasurer
Arthur Hurwitz Secretary
Sidney Entman Executive Director
Lily Volotin Administrative Assistant
\
HONORARY PRESIDENTS
Ira Stein Irving Klepper
Harry Gendzier Joe Becker
Dr. Sam Witten Arthur J. Gutman
Samuel J. Thier
Thus, the climate of this new 90-bed structure
will be homelike and stress privacy and dignity in
daily living patterns. Of the 90 beds, there will be 66
private rooms and baths and 12 twin bed rooms.
This addition is anticipating the needs of the
community in the next decade. It will enable River
Garden to provide a broad umbrella of services, includ¬
ing a special Medicare wing to provide convalescent
care under the Social Security program.
The anticipated ground breaking will be in Oc¬
tober with completion within a year.
Once again River Garden is on the march as it
starts its 23rd year of service to the senior citizens
of the State of Florida.
PECK'S BEAUTY SALON
ALL FLORIDA SCHOOL SUPPLY
5805 Atlantic Blvd. Phones 725-3200 - 721-1444
2750 Dawn Road
398-6928
174
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
