s
nat
]$’riÁ UJt
omen
CHAPTER 395
OFFICERS 1968-1969
President Mrs. Albert R. Golieb
Fund Raising, V. P Mrs. Henry Weintraub
Membership, V. P Mrs. Milton Lipkowitz
Programming, V. P Mrs. Walter Poe
Corresponding Secy Mrs. A1 Levintman
Recording Secy Mrs. Donald Kupfer
Treasurer Mrs. Theodore Edidin
Financial Secy Mrs. Gus Goldstein
Parliamentarian Mrs. Ben Rosenfield
Auditor Mrs. Gerald Schemer
Historian Mrs. Lewis Joseph
Counselor Mrs. Harry Nachman
Chaplain Mrs. Harry Glenn
Nineteen hundred sixty-eight - sixty-nine marks the 26th
year of B’nai B’rith Women in Jacksonville.
Founded in 1843, B’nai B’rith Women is a major Jewish
woman’s organization with 135,000 members in over 900 chap¬
ters in the United States and Canada. There are an additional
95 chapters in 22 countries abroad that engage in community,
national and international educational, philanthropic, civic and
religious programs.
B’nai B’rith Women is a cross-section of Jewish women
representing all walks and ways of life. It is an organization
whose members share a deep concern for the welfare of all
people everywhere. Manifesting that concern are programs
and activities that provide constructive channels for individual
talents.
In our community we serve Duval Medical Center by sup¬
plying them with clean, torn hose that is used by the Mental
Therapy Department. Our women have also worked at River
Officers
Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged, and Morning Star School
for Exceptional Children, provided workers for the United
Jewish Appeal and Israel Emergency Fund, and offer “home
hospitality” to Hillel members at Jacksonville University.
Through our organization, the Anti-Defamation League in
conjunction with the Jewish Community Council, distributed
1600 Calendar Memo Date Books to the public schools. With
a display at our Public Library, we have perpetuated the
“Dolls for Democracy” program.
“Of every B’nai B'rith dollar collected, 69% goes toward
our B’nai B’rith Youth Organizations.”
<J\lational CCounci! of Jewish
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Arnold Vandroff
Vice-President Mrs. Joseph Mason
Vice-President Mrs. Jack Coleman
Vice-President Mrs. L. J. Roobin
Vice-President Mrs. Morris Elterman
Treasurer Mrs. Sigmund Safier
Recording Secretary Mrs. E. D. Bock
Financial Secretary Mrs. Sam Michelson
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Leo Kaiser
The National Council of Jewish Women is an organiza¬
tion which, in the spirit of Judaism, is dedicated to furthering
human welfare in the Jewish and general communities, locally,
nationally, and internationally. Through an integrated pro¬
gram of education, service, and social action, it provides essen¬
tial services and stimulates and educates the individual and
the community toward their responsibility in advancing hu¬
man welfare and the democratic way of life.
In 1968, Council is celebrating its 75th Anniversary on
the national level. It is in the spirit of Faith and Humanity
that the Jacksonville Section carries out the following projects
in our community.
1. Mental Health Forum — Our annual program and semi¬
nar, jointly sponsored with the Mental Health Association
of Duval County, increases public understanding in this
field.
2. Medical Loan Shelf — We supply hospital and sick room
equipment to the indigent of our community.
3. Teacher’s Aid — Our trained members aid classroom tea¬
chers with academic instruction of children with speech
and hearing handicaps.
4. Pre-School Vision Screening — Our trained volunteers
test the eyes of Pre-school Children in Duval County for
Amblyopia (lazy-eye blindness). Private kindergartens,
Federal, and GJEO schools are included.
‘in
omen
JACKSONVILLE SECTION
5. Senior Citizens Program — Under the direction and su¬
pervision of Council volunteers, residents of the River
Garden Home make hand-sewn layettes, which are dis¬
tributed through local welfare agencies for needy families
in our community.
6. Collection of books are made, and donated to the East
Jacksonville Elementary School, to supplement its library.
7. Overseas Program — Through the Ship-a-Box Committee,
we send work and play "materials to the kindergartens in
Israel. This is done by contributions of toys from our
members and the children of the Sunday Schools of our
Jewish Community.
In celebration of the 75th anniversary of Council, N. C.
J. W. is planning a demonstration project in Israel to train
the disadvantaged of that country. Council over the past years
has also built and supplied the Hebrew University High
School.
180
