RABBI’S MESSAGE
“BROTHERHOOD AND PEACEFUL FRIENDSHIP”
The motto inscribed on the cornerstone of this mag¬
nificent building, “Dedicated To Our Youth” is by now a
by-word in our community. It became the dominant term
at the splendid celebration held at the Sabbath Service on
Friday evening.
Over the terrace entrance is an equally significant in¬
scription, in a way supplementing the first. Four Hebrew
words are rendered approximately, “Shalom Friendly
Welcome.” We did not translate the Hebrew literally
because one must know the story behind them to ap¬
preciate their significance over the portals to our Ac¬
tivities Building.
This story I would like to relate in dedicating this
structure to the highest purposes which it is to serve.
The Palestinian Talmud tells us that the Priests and
Levites in the Jerusalem Temple would welcome their
colleagues arriving for their week’s service with a prayerful
greeting: “May He whose presence dwells in this House
plant among you Aharah v’Ahvah Shalom uRe’ut love,
brotherliness, peace and friendship.” You may recall these
phrases from the marriage ceremony. The words are in¬
deed among the most sentimental found in any language.
But only from the original context do we get the cue to the
aims and purposes that glorify our edifice.
We are a Conservative Synagogue. We are a Syna¬
gogue-Center. Both of these designations emanate- from
the American Jewish scene. We believe that sociability
and recreation round out our program of education and
divine worship. Let those who will question to their
heart’s content, why a House of Prayer needs an Activities
Building. We stand committed to the idea contained in
the greeting of welcome that originated in our ancient
sanctuary.
I will have you note, if you please, that it was taken
for granted by the officiants of old that their fellow
officiants would conduct the sacred ritual in the prescribed
order. In their devotion consisting of the four Hebrew
words we took for our motto, they emphasized blessings
and qualities that the act of worship are to bring in its
wake.
We must be mindful, on the other hand, that these
terms become shallow and insipid when divorced from
their religious connotation. In professional language a
building of this type would be termed a place for “group
activities.” Its purpose would be to promote “group
work.” To many these expressions are hollow, lacking in
their truly human connotation. They ring of the herd
instinct and regimentation. From our stand point, from
the stand point of the Synagogue-Center, the exercise of
sociability, the creative use of leisure time, elevates the
tone of daily living and becomes part of its spiritual
pattern.
To insure that this Activities Building will live up to
its lofty purpose we shall reiterate one Hebrew word used
in the priestly greeting, “may He plant”. I see in that
choice an important implication for us.
A plant is different from any other subject. No matter
how important, no matter how sacred. Suppose we take
a book as an example. It may be put away on a shelf.
Whenever the spirit moves us, or the need arises, we may
RABBI SANDERS A. TOFIELD
return to it for reference and guidance. Not so a plant.
A plant is an organic living thing. It calls for nurturing
and cultivation, constant and loving care. Only then will
it yield flowers, fruit or just attractive foliage.
Significantly a public building is also called a “plant.”
The wonderful potentialities of this building become simi¬
lar to the benefits of a plant. This building is not a place
of amusement where one may buy an hour’s fun for the
price of admission, even though it is a place of enjoyment.
The blessings to be found here are not nicely packaged
and filed away ready for delivery to anyone who will pay
an occasional visit. As is the case with a plant, potential
blessings of our activities building have to be nurtured
and cultivated, tended and loved. Your constant interest
and application of initiative will obtain for you wonderful
qualities to which you are cordially invited. Concerted
action, team work, cooperation and planning will make
of the structural plant a thriving garden of “affectionate
neighborliness and harmonious brotherhood.” Study groups
meeting in our spacious library, social gatherings in the
exquisite lounge. Games played on this floor, down to
the physical exercise in the athletic department, when
integrated with the Synagogue ideal as a whole, will yield
the soul satisfying qualities for which every human heart
yearns and thirsts, “loving brotherliness and peaceful
friendship.”
Our thanks to the Building Fund Committee, our
gratitude to the generous donors calls for dedication on
our part. Their sacrificial service and giving interlaced
with the concrete and steel. The building we dedicated is
the “plant” of their efforts. We therefore commit our¬
selves to the understanding and to the implementation of
those four glorious Hebrew words Aharah v’Ahvah
Shalom u’Reut. With the help and inspiration of the
Almighty we shall cause them to blossom from the simple
“Friendly Welcome” to flourish as “Loving Brotherhood
and Peaceful Friendship.”
9
