PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
With the dedication of the new Activities building
during the past year, a complete change has taken place
in the character and scope of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. To its previously well developed religious and
educational programs have now been added social, athletic,
and recreational activities.
The primary challenge to the Center today is not how
to interest the community in the program offered, since
this interest has already made itself quite evident, but
rather how to secure the necessary financial support for it.
It is unfortunate that my message to the congregation as
President must concern itself primarily with this phase of
the Center’s administration; but in the final analysis, the
spiritual success of the synagogue depends to a great degree
on the type of financial support its members are willing
to give.
Our primary objective this year shall be to obtain a
balanced budget. Because of the considerable increase
last year in the Center’s deficit, the Board has decided
that this deficit can not be further increased but instead
it must be decreased. It has become apparent to those who
have studied the budget in detail, that it can not be
balanced by cutting expenditures.
Since the present schedules of dues was set some five
years ago, the effects of inflation on the synagogue budget
must be given the same consideration as is given to the
problems in counting every item affecting the cost of
living. Savings can not be affected by lowering the present
high standards of Center personnel since this is foolish
economy secured at the expense of our children whose
sacrifices of time would go unequalled by our own efforts
to make these sacrifices worthwhile. Nor can savings be
realized by returning to the outmoded facilities of the old
Center building.
The inevitable conclusion is that increased dues income
offers the only solution. To secure the required dues in¬
come for the coming year, the finance committee developed
an overall dues schedule suggesting a minimum require¬
ment for each member, using as a basis in determining
the individual amount the sum of $125.00, which is the
average cost per family of the Center budget. Since the
Center is a cooperative enterprise depending upon no out¬
side assistance, each member must conscientiously deter¬
mine what his share of the responsibility is and then make
every effort to meet it. Individual failures can only mean
collective failure of the synagogue in the final analysis.
How well the individual’s dues responsibility is met
depends on the priority which he gives to it. If the needs
of the Center are placed “high up” in the scheme of
things, the requirement can be easily met, but if the re¬
sponsibility is placed far down the list, after luxuries and
after all other charitable contributions, 'then naturally the
requirements can be met only with great difficulty.
Up to the present time, the reaction of the membership
to the proposed dues increases has been extremely grati¬
fying. If this attitude continues, much of the pressure
ordinarily exerted upon the leadership can be relieved and
these efforts turned to more productive endeavors.
PHILIP SELBER
Once this challenge of proper financial support has
been met, other problems can take their proper perspective.
A program for the rededication of the membership to the
religious ideals of traditional Judaism is being planned,
and will begin to emerge during the year. The teaching
curriculum of the schools will be varied and increased
and school enrollments will grow. The social and athletic
programs will come into their own.
Attention can once more be turned to building ac¬
tivities. Already planned for this year is the completion
of the second floor youth recreational center. Efforts will
then be directed to the remodeling, redecoration and air-
conditioning of the synagogue and the balance of the old
building. With proper cooperation most of this program
can be completed within eighteen months.
On the occasion of the New Year, I would like to
express my own appreciation for the sincere devotion of
the officers and members of the Board of Directors in
bringing the Jacksonville Jewish Center so much closer to
its goal. My gratitude likewise goes in a large measure to
the loyal membership of the Center, whose willingness to
meet every challenge has been heartening.
Personally I am very grateful for the inspirational lead¬
ership given to the Center by Rabbi Tofield, whose fore¬
sight and active direction have brought realization to many
of the Center’s aspirations. May I also express my thanks
for the cooperation and devotion of the splendid group of
persons comprising the Center staff.
To all may I extend my sincerest and warmest greetings
for a Happy New Year.
1 1
