Dedicated to faith and üierniee
address delivered by Harry Gendzier,
chairman of Building Fund Committee, at
Dedication Banquet, April 15, 1951
This is a thrilling, vitalizing, and momentous
occasion. For all of us it is a realization of a dream,
brought to reality by the sweat and toil of many of
us, and by the contributions of all of us. Each of
us, present tonight, has in some measure helped
place brick on brick toward the erection of this
awe-inspiring, useful and magnificent building.
Each of us can take pride in full measure at this
occasion, the Dedication Ceremony of the Youth
Activities Building.
The task has not been an easy one. There have
been years of toil, struggle and backbreaking effort
to reach today’s events. To those of you who have
served faithfully and diligently on the Building
and Expansion Committee, I wish to extend my
earnest and sincere thanks. To my co-chairmen,
Ben Setzer and Ben Yoffee, about whom you will
hear more later in the program, I say well done
my friends. I realize that in naming names, I shall
overlook some, but I hope that in this hour
of joy they will forgive me, if I do so, yet it would
be ungrateful on my part if I did not mention for
special Kudos, Philip Selber, Ralph Mizrahi, Joe
Becker, Bob Gordon and Joe Hackel, and yes there
are many more that deserve a page on this scroll.
To all those who aided in our money raising cam¬
paigns I wish to extend my thanks, and only hope
that they will find it possible to continue stead¬
fastly until the program is completed.
In reviewing the years that have flown past,
how can I help but say to the entire membership
of the Center, thanks to you. Your loyal support
and approval has been a tower of strength. When
things looked blackest, when it seemed that ob¬
stacles came across our path, the membership came
through, nobly, admirably and conscientiously.
Yea, in the days when it seemed that each task
required further deeds and steadfastness, our
Honored Rabbi, stood with us, staunch, advising,
cajoling, pushing, and working like a trojan. In
all these thanks to those I mentioned, and those
who would be mentioned if time would permit,
the Rabbi’s name must stay right up on the top.
Center Left: Full view of the new auditorium. Tables set for 600
dinner guests.
Upper Left: Formal opening of auditorium. Philip Bork, Joe
Bartley, Sam Fletcher, co-chairmen of banquet Reservation Com¬
mittee cutting ribbons.
Right: Dedication banquet guests who contributed $15,000.00
towards furnishing tables and chairs.
19
