cation dinner in 1928. Our now remodeled audi¬
torium was only half filled. Oh yes, we had as
an attraction the Governor of the State of Florida.
We must have grown in Jacksonville, because to¬
night we have as our guest speaker a governor of
a student body. Years passed. A mortgage hung
over us like the sword of Damocles. But even that
period passed, and we had a happy event of burn¬
ing the mortgage.
Our aims continued to be high, our goals out¬
lined; we knew what was needed, and we knew
what was wanted, so, we talked and planned, and
you encouraged us. What nobler goal than a pro¬
gressive movement to make the Jacksonville Jewish
Center a positive, effective fortress for the per¬
petuation of Judaism in our community. Build a
real Bes Haknesses for all ages of people, for all
the members, the youngsters in the kindergarten,
the children in the religious school, the boys in the
Scout troops, the girls in the Scout troops, their
sisters and brothers, their father and mothers, and
their grandparents!
Judaism is a way of life. The faith of Judaism
has been our fortitude and our staff. Here in Jack¬
sonville, we have come a long way, and have joined
with other forward looking congregations in the
advancement of Conservative Judaism. We have
fully supported the United Synagogue of America
and the Jewish Theological Seminary, and the
Rabbinical Assembly. We believe the Conserva¬
tive movement will aid us in building a virile
Judaism, a historically free Judaism, expressing
itself not only in support of the Synagogue, but in
its greatness and strength support all worthwhile
causes in the community.
With these thoughts, aims and purposes for
our goal, we envisioned this Bes Haknesses, a real
Jewish Center that would give purpose and mean¬
ing to all our religious ceremonies, our studies, and
to our ethical and cultural enrichment. Nor did
we overlook what it could do for our leisure hours
and social life.
My friends, this building will allow for a full
expression and fuller development of all that is
beautiful in Jewish life. Its many features and
services that are available to us will act as a stimu¬
lant, enlarging our programs and services. As we
have grown from a little over 100 members to a
membership of over 600, the use of the features
in the Youth Building will encourage further plans
and greater usage.
There is still much to be done in order to finish
and complete the program. Later in the evening
Presentation of golden keys by
president Philip Selber in recog¬
nition of service rendered to the
Building Fund:
Left: to Harry Gendzier, chairman
Center: to Ben Setzer, co-chairman
Right: to Ben Yoffee, co-chairman
23
