Upper Left: Joseph Hackel, Toastmaster.
Lower Left: Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi, chairman Beauti¬
fication Committee presenting furnishings of new
building to membership.
Upper Right: Rabbi Tofield delivering address to
banquet guests.
Lower Right: Dr. Moshe Davis, Dean of Teacher’s
Institute, guest speaker at banquet.
Man’s service to God and Judaism is an act of
faith. That I had faith, was because the cause was
great. Great causes deserve great faith. Great
faith inspires generous support from good people.
Good people inspire progress. Progress nurtures
enthusiasm, and enthusiasm engenders further pro¬
gress.
Jewish religious life of a traditional nature in
our city had its modest beginnings in a small loft.
This was the first synagogue attended by the
fathers and mothers of many present here, before
the fire. I know it was the first synagogue attend¬
ed by my wife’s father and mother, of blessed
memory. Then came B’nai Israel. Most of the
congregants then lived around the synagogue.
The migration all over the city commenced soon
after the end of world war one.
We, who are striving to build for the youth
were young ourselves, and so it is proper at this
time to review what youth did in the 20’s. In
1925 the Hebrew Junior League was formed.
What satisfaction there is in noting how many of
its members and officers are seated here tonight.
Yes, most of them are now active in the affairs of
your synagogue. They were stirred by a resolve
to have better facilities, and a higher standard
under the traditional banner.
Jews in every generation rise to the necessities
of the hour. Two of the Center’s past presidents
who were active in B’nai Israel, are sitting with us
tonight. The leadership of that day already recog¬
nized the needs of the young people. Soon enough
came plans for a real Center. They had the fore¬
sight to build our first building that remains the
nucleus of our further expansion. However, none
could foresee the land depression. We had to be
satisfied with only the synagogue building and
classrooms, plus a small chapel. This was quite
an achievement. Please remember that the Jewish
community was small. I well remember the Dedi-
21
