CANTOR AND CHOIR
Jewish music during the past year continued to play
an increasingly important role in the development of the
design of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for positive Jewish
living.
Since Jewish music of necessity must assume a major
role in the molding of the character of American Judaism,
increased emphasis has been given by the Center to this
phase of its program. Jewish music must perpetuate and
reinterpret the traditional music of the synagogue; it must
transmit the cultural values of Jewish life of the past as
well as the new life of Israel; and yet it must adapt both
to the tempo and environment of the Jewish Community
in America today.
Much of the success of the Center’s musical program
is due to the untiring work of Cantor Abraham Marton in
directing and inspiring the various phases of the Center’s
music program. The nucleus of the Center program is the
Center Choral Society composed of some 40 volunteer
voices. The activities of this group during the past year
was highlighted by the third annual concert sponsored by
the Center Men’s Club and held on May 27th in the new
Center auditorium. The concert, which had as its guest
soloist Cantor Jacob Goldring of the Miami Beach Jewish
Center, was well received by a large audience. The group
also appeared on Radio Station WPDQ on February 11th
as part of the local observance of Jewish Music Month.
They also participated in the regional convention of
Hadassah on February 6th and in the dedication exercises
of the new Center Activities Building on April 15th.
The group presents a varied repertoire of liturgical and
Jewish folk music. The work of this group has contributed
CANTOR ABRAHAM MARTON
in large measure to the meaningful and inspirational de¬
velopment of conservative Judaism in Jacksonville. From
the larger group of the Choral Society are selected the
volunteer choir for Friday evening services and the
augmented choir for High Holiday Services.
In addition to his work as director of the Choral So¬
ciety, Cantor Marton has directed the program of training
students of the Hebrew School department in the tra¬
ditional Hazanut chants. Many of these students have
not only mastered an ability to lead all Sabbath services,
including the Kabbalat Shabbat, Shaharis and Musaf
services, but they have also learned many of the special
chants pertaining to the holidays.
CENTER CHORAL SOCIETY AND CHOIR
45
