FRIENDS OF THE SEMINARY
THE SEMINARY’S PROGRAM
It Trains Leaders
In its schools it prepares 2,000 students
in the East and on the West Coast for the
rabbinate, teaching and other careers of
service to the community.
It Advances Jewish Scholarship
Through its faculty, its research scholars,
and its unrivaled library, it clarifies for our
age the enduring spiritual values of thirty-
five centuries of Jewish life.
It Interprets Judaism To The Millions
Through the Eternal Light broadcasts
and through the Jewish Museum it reveals
to people of all creeds the meaning of Jewish
ideals and their relevance in the present.
It Furthers Intergroup Understanding
Through the Institute for Religious and Social Studies,
it brings together hundreds of Christian and Jewish min¬
isters for graduate study of the different traditions and
their responsibility for a spiritual and democratic America.
It Breaks Down Community Isolation
Hundreds of local communities and congregations are
guided in their programs of religious activities for men,
women and children by the United Synagogue of America
and the Rabbinical Assembly of America.
JACKSONVILLE’S CONTRIBUTION
The Jewish Theological Seminary of
America, located at 122nd Street and Broad¬
way in New York City, is headquarters for
Conservative Judaism in America, under the
presidency of Dr. Louis Finkelstein. It co¬
operates with the United Synagogue of
America which in turn sponsors the Women’s
League, the National Federation of Men’s
Clubs and the Young People’s League. The
Rabbinical Assembly of America is another
arm of the movement.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is af¬
filiated with the United Synagogue of Amer¬
ica and all of its corresponding branches.
It looks to the Seminary for its guidance and
inspiration.
Through the Friends of the Seminary annual member¬
ship contributions the Center helps maintain the ever in¬
creasing service that the Seminary and its coordinating
bodies offer to Jewry all over America.
In recent years the Friends of the Seminary Dinner
has become one of the distinguished events on the Center’s
calendar. Chairmen of the project were Joe Hackel,
Jacob Becker, and Joe Becker respectively. For next year
Philip Bork will have charge.
1949
JOE HACKEL
CHAIRMEN
1950
1951
'WM,.
JACOB BECKER
JOE BECKER
1952
PHILIP BORK
47
