THE CENTER SISTERHOOD — DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Ralph S. Mizrahi
Vice President Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
Vice President Mrs. Shelby Tracer
Vice President Mrs. Joseph Mizrahi
Recording Secretary Mrs. Louis Safer
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Sam Greenburg
Treasurer Mrs. Herbert L. Sandler
Financial Secretary Mrs. Henry Bettman
Sisterhood is an auxiliary of the Synagogue and as
such worked for the preservation of those values which
the Synagogue is constituted to provide. Close affiliation
with Sisterhood work not only enriches the lives of those
women active in its consecrated activities but helps direct
their energies, skill and talents toward strengthening, de¬
veloping and perpetuating Jewish life in this land.
Sisterhood through its sponsorship of Jewish education
for our children not only sets a pattern for developing
their religious understanding in the right direction but
gives them a sense of belonging to the Jewish people and
a deep feeling of pride in their heritage.
Sisterhood is composed of numerous integral parts
which through active participation of its membership as
a whole functions smoothly, producing a composite, driving
organization. To mention but a few of the many projects
to which our Sisterhood dedicated its energies during the
past year:
The Beautification Committee which raised the neces¬
sary funds to equip and furnish the lounge, library, kitchen,
Rabbi’s study and stage of the Center’s beautiful new
Activities Building.
MRS. RALPH S. MIZRAHI
The Book and Gift Shop Committee which did a most
outstanding job in acquainting our membership with tra¬
ditional Jewish art and ceremonial objects, making them
more aware of the beauty and culture to be found in a
Jewish way of life.
Sponsorship of the Center Year Book.
Participation in the religious and educational phases
of the Center’s activities, and subsidizing Sunday School
teachers’ salaries.
T here is a place in Sisterhood for every Center woman
who desires to avail herself of the services offered for her
benefit and of the many opportunities to serve others.
THE SISTERHOOD BEAUTIFICATION COMMITTEE
1950-51 1951-52
Mrs. Ralph S. Mizrahi, Chairman Mrs. Shelby Trager, Chairman
Mrs. Hyman Selber, Co-Chairman Mrs. Hyman Selber, Co-Chairman
Mrs. Lou Feigenbaum, Secretary Mrs. Jacob Becker, Treasurer
The formation of the Beautification Committee by the Sisterhood provided the Center membership with an aggressive
group of inspired women workers whose efforts combined to display to the community a job well done. Under the leadership
of Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi and her capable Co-Chairman Mrs. Hyman Selber, and through the diligent efforts and untiring
cooperation of their many co-workers, the committee surpassed their goals for the year.
The projects completed for the past year included the furnishing of the Ladies Lounge, the Library, the Rabbi’s Study
and provided the new building with one of the most modern and completely equipped kitchens of its kind in this area.
Beautiful stage draperies and a motor controlled curtain were provided for the auditorium. Sisterhood was most proud of
its Decorating Committee for the beautiful and well appointed selections of furnishings and drapes. Co-Chairmen of the
committee were Mrs. Maurice Palot, Mrs. Herman Klausner, and Mrs. Henry Kramer.
Funds were raised from the following projects:
1. THE YEAR BOOK — Under the able Chairmanship of the Sisterhood’s “Iron Men”, Mrs. Hyman Selber and
Mrs. Joe Krestul with their many co-workers, the solicitation of advertisements became the most productive source
of income for the Beautification Fund.
2. THE DEDICATION CLOTH — The cloth graces the main table at all Sisterhood and Center banquet functions
and is beautifully inscribed with names of contributing Center members. Mrs. Maurice Cherry and Mrs. Joe
Krestul were Co-Chairmen of the special committee handling inscriptions.
53
