BOY SCOUTS TROUP 14
OFFICERS
Scoutmaster Morty Rosenkranz
Assistant Scoutmasters Sol Proctor
William Rose
Meyer Soforenko
Senior Patrol Leader JOEL Selber
Troop Committee:
Mr. Robert J. Gordon, Chairman
Mr. Sidney Entman Mr. Joseph Mizrahi
Mr. Irvin Rothstein Mr. Hyman Selber
TROOP NO. 14
Once again the end of the year finds the Boy Scouts
having completed a successful period. Under the guidance
and leadership of Scoutmaster Morty Rosenkranz and the
Assistant Scoutmasters William Rose and Meyer Soforenko
the troop engaged in many varied activities throughout the
year. One of the greatest achievements that has ever been
received by the troop was the receipt of two class A awards
MORTY ROSENKRANZ
SCOUTMASTER
in the annual Duval County Scout Camporee. Continuous
advancement in the ranks was also a keynote of the year.
This was led by Stanley Kantor who received his Eagle
award which is the highest rank a scout may obtain.
Other scouts who advanced rapidly in the rank of scouting
during the past year were Martin Rothstein, Donald
Zager, Joel Selber, Marcus Chepenik, and Mark Entman.
Many week-end hikes were made throughout the year with
emphasis on interesting camp sites. Through this program
the scouts visited many parts of the state.
The Boy Scouts of America has drawn up its annual
program for the following year. The backbone of the
plans will be to aid in the defense program. The Scouts
have been called upon by the leaders of this nation to
attempt to duplicate its record from the last war. The
Scouts aided in the many different phases of the war
effort before; which included city wide collection of waste
paper, the collection of old clothes for the victims of the
war, serving as messengers during blackouts and air raids,
bond selling campaigns, and any other duties that they
might be called on to perform. You may rest assured that
Boy Scout Troop 14 will repeat itself in its many contri¬
butions in the defense effort as it did in the war times.
SID MACK COMPANY
PLUMBING SUPPLIES
If Water Runs Through It, We Have It
2222 West Beaver Street
Phone 4-3706
65
