CENTER MEN’S CLUB
OFFICERS
President Louis R. Moss
Vice-Presidents William Z. Goldberg, Hyman
Selber, Ted Friedman,
Mayne Chanania
Treasurer Herbert Sandler
Secretary Nat Gross
Membership Secretary Sam Bryan
LOUIG R. MOSS
Realization of dreams eome true with possibilities of
unlimited aetivities should be the keynote of the Center
Men’s Club in 1951-52.
The past year’s aetivities were not merely marked by
dreams and anticipation. Services to the Center and the
Center Family can not always be measured in dollars and
cents. As for dollars and cents, we were there too. Our
finest single contribution was the presentation of a check
in the amount of $1,000.00 to aid the Building Program.
In accepting the check, Mr. Harry Gendzier acknowledged
the constant good work of the Men’s Club by assisting in
various ways and means in completing the building and
expansion program.
This organization further adopted a project of present¬
ing to the Center a portable bar, sixteen feet long, to be
used by any other organization or family celebrating a
wedding, anniversary, Bar Mitzvah or any other simeha.
This was no small project and should bring joy to all on
these particular occasions.
This past year’s Center Choral Concert was sponsored
by the Center Men’s Club. The results as shown in our
handsome program and the attendance of those interested
in Jewish and Hebrew classical music will attest to the
work performed by our committee. Cantor Jacob Goldring
of Miami Beach was presented as the guest soloist of the
Concert. And more important than presenting a cultural
program for an evening was the benefit of $250.00 to the
Cantorial School of the Jewish Theological Seminary. This
project was received with enthusiasm by the members of
the organization and has been adopted as an annual event.
Thus we will offer to all of the Jewish people in Jackson¬
ville a cultural program and at the same time support the
Cantorial Assembly.
In athletics the Men’s Club has always been active.
This year our softball team has been outstanding. Benja¬
min Cohen has served in a very capable capacity as chair¬
man of the athletic committee. It is that field in particular
that the Men’s Club will lean towards in this new year.
We have every facility available to develop intramural
competition as well as inter-city play in such sports as
basketball, volleyball, ping-pong, and numerous other in¬
door sports. Athletics will certainly be a major project
with the Men’s Club.
Socially we are ready. Our most recent September
Frolics Dance is also the beginning of an annual affair.
Where the facilities are available and the manpower will¬
ing the Center Men’s Club will always be there to do more
than their share of work for the Center Family.
Probably our biggest “unsung” project is the work
being done with the Minyan Club. This project has been
the work of the Men’s Club religious committee since the
conception of the Minyan Club. The work of preparing
meals each Sunday is only the surface of the work. The
religious aspect involved is in bringing the Bar Mitzvah
youth to the Sunday morning minyan and keeping him
within the religious scope for which he has been trained.
The men who have given their personal time and
efforts to work for a better organization are too numerous
to mention. Yet we know that their rewards must come
to them in various ways. Every one who benefited by the
good work of the Men’s Club must appreciate this work.
But these men work for the Men’s Club and the Men’s
Club works for the Center. This circle tends for a happier
Jewish community and thus makes everything worthwhile.
59
