RIVER GARDEN HOME
2508 Riverside Ave.
FOR THE AGED
Phone 2-5665
HARRY GENDZIER
OFFICERS
Honorary President Ira Stein
President Harry Gendzier
1st Vice-President Robert J. Gordon
2nd Vice-President Ralph Mizrahi
Treasurer Joe Becker
Recording Secretary Irving Klepper
Chairman, Admissions Board Dr. Sam Witten
Medical Director Dr. Sidney Halpern
Executive Director Sidney Entman
SIDNEY ENTMAN
River Garden is serving the aged and infirm Jewish
people of Florida by providing a home with all modern
facilities for their comfort and well being. Since its in¬
ception in 1946; when the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid
Society opened the Home, eighty-five residents have been
served. Eleven Florida communities have benefited from
the services of River Garden.
*
The Home provides large airy bedrooms., modern
bathrooms, cheerful sitting rooms, dining rooms, and game
rooms. Orthodox services are held on the Sabbath and
Holidays in our own Chapel. All dietary laws are ob¬
served. A separate infirmary wing provides specialized
care for the chronically ill and senile. Another well
equipped infirmary and clinic assures good medical atten¬
tion for the ambulatory aged. Our Medical Board repre¬
sents all the specialties of medicine and conducts a positive
and preventive medical program, as well as supplying the
most modern methods of treating the illnesses of the aged.
A physiotherapist is on duty daily to administer prescribed
treatments. A complete nursing staff is in attendance
twenty-four hours a day.
The residents enjoy an activity program designed to
meet their needs. Our Hobby Shop is open three days
weekly, with active participation by the residents. An
annual Hobby Shop Fair is held where their articles are
exhibited and sold. Movies, parties, and games continue
throughout the year, sponsored by the Home and com¬
munity organizations. The Golden Age Club holds its
meetings at the Home. Television now brings many inter¬
esting hours to our residents. This year the residents have
initiated their own newspaper, which is written, published,
and circulated by them.
Our Home has been filled to its capacity of forty-three
residents, and there is a constant demand for our services.
With increasing longevity, the problem of caring for the
aged is becoming a matter of concern to many communi¬
ties. Jacksonville and the Florida communities are fortu¬
nate that the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society had
the foresight to anticipate the growing need for a haven
for the aged and infirm.
RIVER GARDEN HEBREW HOME FOR THE AGED
121
