COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS
We are pleased to devote this section of the Year Book to the Jewish Organizations of Jacksonville, with
their own descriptions of activities and purposes.
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH
COMMUNITY COUNCIL
213 W. Forsyth Street Phone 6-4131
OFFICERS
President Leonard Moss
Vice-Presidents J. L. Kipnis, P. N. Coleman,
Ben Stein^ Sam Green,
Robert Jacobs, Mrs. I. D.
Glickstein, Mrs. C. L.
Littauer
Treasurer R. M. Rieders
Executive Director Ben Stark
LEONARD MOSS
BEN STARK
The Jewish Community of Jacksonville totals some
1,100 families of 3,500 individual men, women and chil¬
dren. These families and individuals are members of some
25 different Jewish organizations. Each of these organiza¬
tions and their membership are interested in their own
programs, as well as in those activities which are of value
to the entire Jewish community.
What are these activities which cut across the lines of
any single organization and have to do with the group
interests of the entire Jewish community?
There is, first, the United Campaign, an annual Drive
which directly or indirectly supports either local organiza¬
tions or assists in the support of the national parent organi¬
zation of a local group. Among the local groups which
are either direct or indirect beneficiaries of the funds
raised through the Jewish community-sponsored United
Campaign are B’nai B’rith, Zionist, Pladassah, Council of
Jewish Women, River Garden Plebrew Home for the
Aged, and the Jewish Welfare Society. Fund raising is
big business for in the last four years, a total of well over
$1,000,000 has been raised through your Community
Council as a result of its annual Campaigns.
The Council also functions through its Public Relations
Committee. This body looks into attacks against Jews as
individuals or as a group. It fosters better understanding
between the Jewish and the non-Jewish community. Where
anti-Semitic or undemocratic attacks occur, it studies ways
to eradicate or lessen the effectiveness of persons or groups
so engaged. Representatives to the Public Relations Com¬
mittee are appointed by the president. This Committee
has an important job to do and that job is taken very
seriously. The chairman of the Committee is Eli Fink.
Another function of the Council was the decision to
accept 24 Refugee Family Units. To date, over a period
of 2 years, about 60 individual men, women and children
have been welcomed direct from D. P. Camps in Europe
and an expenditure of some $20,000 for this group was
well spent. Today, all are employed and self-supporting.
This job was done by the Refugee Committee of the
Council with the very able assistance of the Jewish Wel¬
fare Society. The chairman of the Refugee Committee is
A. H. Rothstein.
The situation in Korea necessitated re-establishment of
the Council’s Armed Services Committee. The job of this
group, sponsored and financed by the Council and made
up of representatives of Jewish organizations is to provide
services to Jewish men in the armed forces stationed in
and about Jacksonville. The provision of home hospitality,
community seders, personal service; in short, “a home
away from home”, is the basic emphasis of this Committee,
chaired by Ira Stein.
To keep the community informed about activities, a
monthly periodical, “The Commentator” is mailed free
to all Jews in Jacksonville. One significant aspect of the
Commentator’s columns is a Community Calendar to list
all activities of our community, and thus to avoid conflicts
in dates, which without previous clearance, are inevitable.
More recently a Presidents’ Council has been initiated,
made up of the presidents of the various organizations in
our Jewish community. Its purpose is to serve as a sound¬
ing board and a forum and to exchange ideas and prob¬
lems common to all groups.
119
