THE HANNAH SENSECH EVENING GROUP OF HADASSAH
OFFICERS
Chairman Mrs. I. Brukner
Vice-Chairman Mrs. M. Brown
Corresponding Secretary Miss Lottie Salzman
Recording Secretary Miss Eleanore Cohen
Treasurer Mrs. B. Stegman
The Hannah Sensech Evening Group of Hadassah was
formed in November 1950, being the outgrowth of the
B & P W division, and also of a small group of women
who were desirous of meeting at night instead of in the
daytime. Appealing to the working woman, the busy
housewife and young mothers, this group grew to a mem¬
bership of 79 by June 1951, with great possibilities to in¬
crease in sight.
Meetings were held each month in the Community
Council building or the Seminole Hotel, but for the con¬
venience of the members, this has been changed to meet
in the Jacksonville Jewish Center every second Monday
night at 8:30 p.m.
The activities of the group are varied, its fund raising
projects of the Hadassah Medical Organization and Youth
Aliyah in Israel being of prime importance. However, to
make the meetings interesting and enjoyable at all times,
the Program Chairman, Mrs. Max Brown brought clever
playlets, current news, singing and dancing to the organi¬
zation and all Jewish holidays were observed in festive
manner. Mrs. Ben Sohn instituted a Study Group con¬
ducted by Mrs. I. M. Lieberman at each board meeting.
This has proven so popular that this group is to be con¬
tinued even more intensively this year.
Under the direction of Mrs. J. Margolin, Fund Rais¬
ing Chairman, the Hannah Sensech group successfully held
a Card Party in the Jewish Temple and the entire proceeds
were put into the HMO fund. The only other fund raising
affair was the raffle, which was highly profitable and the
drawing was held at the Closing Meeting, which was held
in the home of Mr. I. J. Edelstein. This was the closing
social affair of the year held in June and the new officers
were installed by President, Mrs. Abe Chardkoff.
MRS. I. BRUKNER
The Annual paid up Membership Affair, under the
direction of Mrs. M. Kantor, was held in the Jewish
Temple in January. A lovely Fashion Show preceded a
card party and it was an enjoyable evening for all
members.
Collections for the Jewish National Fund were handled
jointly with the day group, Mrs. M. Poses being the chair¬
man of this activity as well as of Tree-planting.
A joint meeting with all Zionist groups was held in
the Jewish Temple in January, and at that time, the first
report of the group’s progress was given.
In February the Bi-Regional Conference of Hadassah
was held in the George Washington Hotel and by partici¬
pating in the various functions, the group was able to learn
new ways and means of organization, fund raising, and
such. The Hannah Sensech group was hostess to the var¬
ious B & P W groups in the South at a lovely Sunday
morning breakfast, at which time Mrs. Julina Ansell was
the main speaker.
Jointly with the day group we participated in the
Donor Affair in April and had the pleasure and good
fortune to hear Mr. James McDonald, ex-ambassador to
Israel speak in behalf of Israel and his experiences there.
A cordial invitation is extended to all interested women
to join the Hannah Sensech group of Hadassah.
Down thru’ the years—it’s the worthwhile th
ings that Count—
DUKE'S
SAUER'S
home made MAYONNAISE
pure VANILLA
THE C, F. SAUER COMPANY
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA
128
