MASADA CLUB
President
Secretary
T re asur er
OFFICERS
Marvin Halpern
Emanuel Ehrlich
Julian Borkson
Masada is the Young Men’s Organization of the Zionist
movement. It sponsors social and community activities,
sports, and educational discussions.
Our meetings are sources of information on Jewish
life. We have had well informed guest speakers at our
meetings giving talks on such informative matters as
Jewish history, the political and domestic scene in Israel,
reasons for customs and traditions, and many other topics
of Jewish interest in general. Several of these subjects have
been in the form of discussion groups participated in by
the members of Masada. Newcomers have been introduced
to the community by their attendance at these meetings.
MARVIN HALPERN
Our members have enjoyed a very successful social
season. One of our most enjoyable events was the New
Year’s Eve dance given jointly with Junior Hadassah.
When we resume our activities in the fall we have
definite plans along fund raising lines for projects in
Israel as well as working closer with Z. O. A. and other
Jewish groups.
ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA
DR. ROY J. SLOAT
The Zionist Organization opened its 1950-51 season
with the presence of a young American who typified the
spirit of Zionism by helping displaced Jews in Europe find
a new homeland and renewed hope in Israel. Ben Forman
spoke to an enthralled audience who marveled that young
Americans like himself would have the audacity and daring
to pilot the Exodus 1947 to the shores of Europe, steal a
tremendous number of Jews away by night to overload the
little reconverted ferryboat far beyond the safety capacity
and then dare to taunt the British Navy by sailing past
British men of war in the Mediterranean Sea to Israel.
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
3rd Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
.. Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Louis Safer
I. H. Edwards
Samuel Thier
Philip Bork
Manny Goldstein
The middle of the season was highlighted by the joint
meeting of the Zionist groups of the city. The Zionist
district presented the program which was a debate in
which four young Zionists argued the internationalization
of Jerusalem.
The Zionist Organization played host to Dr. Carl Her¬
man Voss who is the chairman of the Christian Committee
for Palestine. The occasion of Dr. Voss’s visit was to
enlighten us with a delightful revelation about a non-
Jew’s impression of Israel. Dr. Voss told of a tour which
he would conduct that would be made up of non-Jews
from many of the eastern cities to study conditions in
Israel. The Zionist District was instrumental in persuading
a very prominent local attorney, Mr. Frank Elmore, Jr. to
take advantage of this tour. Mr. Elmore has since spoken
to a number of local organizations and has brought a very
sympathetic picture of Israel before many of our local
citizens.
The latter part of the season saw the initiation of the
Israel Bond Drive which still is in progress and which will
not terminate until the entire Bond Issue is subscribed. We
Jews in America realize that Israel’s problems are our
problems and the financing of its industry and program of
self-sufficiency is one of our responsibilities.
125
