HADASSAH
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Herbert Panken
1st Vice-President To Be Announced
2nd Vice-President Mrs. Irvin Schneider
3rd Vice-President Mrs. W. Z. Goldberg
4th Vice-President Mrs. Milton Rubin
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. S. A. Salenfriend
Organizational Secretary Mrs. Herbert L. Sandler
Treasurer Mrs. Norman Richard
Hadassah, through its 300,000 members works toward
the further development of Israel, strengthens the Jewish
community of America and participates in efforts to extend
democracy in the United States and to effect world peace.
In Israel Hadassah establishes and maintains hospitals,
clinics, and public health services. Hadassah youth services
include infant care, school hygiene, mental hygiene, school
lunches, recreation program and vocational education. As
the official American representative of Youth Aliyah,
Hadassah has helped rescue, maintain and educate over
50,000 children. Hadassah works with the Jewish National
Fund in purchasing and reclaiming land for colonization.
MRS. HERBERT PANKEN
In America Hadassah members participate in local and
national affairs and keep abreast of the best in progressive
thought and action. Through its youth work children are
taught to live a positive Jewish and American life.
In Jacksonville our more than 700 members are active
in all phases of civic and community life.
JUNIOR HADASSAH
OFFICERS
BOBBIE SHULMAN
Junior Hadassah has an extensive educational, cultural,
and social program. A full program of cooperation and
joint meetings, study groups and social functions have
been held with Masada. Through this broad aspect of
Junior Hadassah’s work and education we feel aware of
the relationship of our unit to the community here and in
Israel and of our responsibility and position to both.
President Bobbie Shulman
First Vice-President (Fund Raising) Rita Eskin
Second Vice-President (Membership) .... Rae Greenfield
Third Vice-President (Education) Hasha Levine
Corresponding Secretary Bessie Setzer
Recording Secretary Anita Freidman
Treasurer Miriam Bugholtz
Program Chairman Toby Thier
Publicity Shirley Rubin
The Children’s village, Meir Shfeyah, located near
Haifa is our principal project and we are proud to be
associated with the work of Senior Hadassah in support of
the Henrietta Szold School of Nursing; also in Youth
Aliyah and J. N. F.
Junior Hadassah, as the young women’s Zionist organi¬
zation of America, has the task of enrolling every Jewish
girl between the ages of 18 and 25 and because of its
record and program has achieved a certain prestige.
In Junior Hadassah we recognize the fact that we
often get members who know little or nothing about
Zionism and begin to work for our movement before they
actually know why. Once a person is working she becomes
interested, and then begins to learn. When we raise funds
for our projects in Israel, we do our share in upbuilding
the Jewish homeland and help to create a bond between
American and Israeli Jewish youth.
127
