B'NAI
LOUIS SAFER
Under the leadership of Louis Safer, newly elected
President, A. B. Weil Lodge No. 800, B’nai B’rith is look¬
ing forward to a full year of activity and achievement.
B’NAI B’RITH
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Benjamin Rosenfield
1st Vice-President Mrs. Max Becker
2nd Vice-President Mrs. M. Marco
3rd Vice-President Mrs. Stanley Wuhl
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. S. David
Recording Secretary Mrs. M. B. Cooper
Treasurer Mrs. Meyer Weiss
Auditor Mrs. Joseph Geller
The Jacksonville chapter of B’nai B’rith Women has
been reawakened to its responsibilities toward the ideals
set forth by the founders of our order. To serve and assist
in the promotion of the highest interest of humanity; to
maintain the principles and ideals of our religion; to assist
in the patriotic and civic endeavors of our community and
our country—are the exalted purposes to which we are
dedicated.
We have earned an enviable record in the city for our
participation in local activities. At the District Conven¬
tion, our chapter was awarded a “Certificate of Merit” in
recognition of outstanding services in civic affairs. Our
Anti-Defamation committee distributed 17 copies of the
book “One God” to our public libraries, and the libraries
of each of the junior and senior high schools, and two
private schools. Our local Milk Fund which supplies milk
to underprivileged children in an East Jacksonville school
is in its third year. In every instance, the milk which we
provide is the only milk these children get in their daily
diets. We sponsored a “Mad Hatter’s Luncheon” which
was a great social, as well as financial, success. Two
hundred gifts were selected and wrapped and personally
distributed to the patients in the Veteran’s Hospital in
Lake City.
B’RITH
é
OFFICERS
President Louis Safer
Vice-Presidents George L. Proctor,
Hyman Selber,
Dr. Jack E. Snider
Secretary Arnold E. Mayer
Treasurer Morris H. Witten
Chaplain Joseph Hartman
Warden Martin Lind
Trustees Sidney J. Brown, Edgar L. Felson,
Dr. Leonard Grunthal, Harry
Katz, Nat Shorstein
As America’s oldest national Jewish service organiza¬
tion, B’nai B’rith serves the Jewish Community through
the Anti-Defamation League, B’nai B’rith Hillel Founda¬
tions, B’nai B’rith Youth Organizations, B’nai B’rith Vo¬
cational Service, in addition to various other philanthropic
and cultural activities.
The local Lodge, consisting of three hundred members,
meets on the second Wednesday of each month for its
regular business meeting.
The B’nai B’rith Luncheon Club meets every first and
third Thursday at one o’clock for social conversation and
programs.
WOMEN
MRS. BENJAMIN ROSENFIELD
Like a diamond of great beauty, it took the fine
cutting of the many facets of our program to produce our
shining year of activity and achievement. It is with deep
appreciation and gratefulness, that I wish to thank the
many willing and loyal volunteers among our membership,
who made this year possible. With such warmth and en¬
thusiasm, it was a real privilege to serve B’nai B’rith
Women. No president could have ever boasted a more
pleasant association.
I take this means of inviting each Jewish woman in our
community to join our chapter and become a part of the
great tradition of B’nai B’rith.
130
