JEWISH WAR VETERANS OF THE U. S
OFFICERS
Commander William M. Schemer
Sr. Vice-Commander Emanuel Fisher
Jr. Vice-Commander Irving Brukner
Adjutant Nathan Barber
Quartermaster Melvin Resnick
Service Officer Aaron Schild
Trustees Julius Leibovitz,, Leo Weinstein,
Uly Mack
Chaplain Rabbi Sidney Lefkowitz
Hon. Chaplain Rabbi Sanders A. Tofield
The Jewish War Veterans of the United States, the
oldest active service organization in the country, founded
in 1896, has in our city an active post dedicated to the
principles of service to our country; to uphold the fair
name of the Jew and fight his battles wherever unjustly
assailed. The Jewish veteran, a living symbol of American
patriotism can justly combat the vicious attacks from
subversive sources.
Periodical visits to local Veterans Hospitals are con¬
tinuous. Professional entertainment is provided for and
enjoyed by our less fortunate comrades of all faiths.
Active participation with the other veterans organiza¬
tions of Duval County in numerous parades, ceremonies,
and councils has resulted in maintaining the high position
the Jewish War Veterans enjoy everywhere. One of the
highlights of the past year was the presentation by the
post of a large United Nations flag and staff to the city
of Jacksonville; accepted at impressive ceremonies by his
honor Mayor Haydon Burns, in Hemming Park and
carried in parade by William M. Schemer.
WILLIAM M. SCHEMER
The post has cooperated with the Jewish Community
Council during financial drives and in public relation
work. The Post blood bank has been the source of assis¬
tance to many worthy requests and plans are underway to
greatly increase our account. Cooperation with the
Civilian Defense authorities has been pledged should a
national emergency arise.
Beginning with a highly successful minstrel under the
direction of Uly Mack and the able assistance of Julius
Leibovitz, followed by a most enjoyable boat ride and
culminating with a testimonial banquet in honor of the
National Commander, Henry Albert. The Lt. Meyer
Leibovitz Post 199 under the able commandership of
Aaron Schild enjoyed a highly successful year during 1950.
Headed by Commander William M. Schemer the
present administration and members are encouraging all
eligible veterans of our community to join in helping the
Post to an even more successful year of service and com¬
radeship.
Season's Greeting
MANGEL’S
FEMININE and CHILDREN APPAREL
Forsyth & Laura Phone 5-7646
Jones Office Equipment Co.
SALES — SERVICE
ADDING MACHINES - TYPEWRITERS
New and Used
Phone 4-7060 121 W. Ashley Street
COMPLIMENTS OF
SEMINOLE HOTEL
¡ »
HOGAN & FORSYTH PHONE 6-6592
Modern Furniture Finishing Co.
THAT GOOD WOOD IN YOUR FURNITURE
DESERVES REFINISHING
Estimate Without Obligation
1903 Evergreen Ave. Phone 5-7550
135
