“Hayom Harat Oí am -
Today Is The Birthday Of The World”
“Hayom Harat Olam ” is a prayer we say following the blowing of the Shofar on Rosh Hashana. It
confirms the Jewish tradition that the New Year is celebrated as the birthday of the world and as the beginning
of human existence. More important, because it is the Jewish celebration of Rosh Hashana and not the rather
shallow observance of the secular New Year, it should give us pause for reflection.
With the passage of time, the New Year, like all birthdays, becomes a subtle blend of happiness and
sobriety. We enjoy the New Year cards of well wishers but we realize that we are a year older and hence closer
to the end of life. We become acutely aware of the passage of time.
It is of course inevitable that we should look back upon the past - not only last year, but the whole of
life, and recognize that while we have achieved much, there is a great deal which remains unfulfilled in our
life. We hope and plan and dream but much of it remains unrealized. The overriding themes of the Rosh
Hashana and Yom Kippur season are intended to be helpful. A sense of “Al het” - “for the sins we have
sinned”, the sense of remorse, for the mistakes that we have made, the seeking of atonement, the promise of
“Teshuvah” -the hope for change is fundamental to our psychological and emotional well being. No year
passes without some defeat, without some sense of frustration and without some sense of “what might have
been”. The New Year reminds us of the opportunities of renewal and beginning again.
There is no more imperious tyrant than a calendar. It is the outward reminder that we are all creatures of
time. A clock is the closest ally of the calendar. Unlike sports and athletic events we cannot “stop the clock”
of life. Worse, there is never any “replay”. The thought of our powerlessness might well paralyze us into
inactivity were it not for the holiday themes of the Mahzor, our holiday prayerbook that forces us to look
elsewhere. The notion of “Teshuvah” - that we can always return to God’s presence, to sensing His nearness
by realizing the best within ourselves is comforting. There are other ways of celebrating New Year birthdays.
Perhaps it is in our awareness that life is measured not only in days, but in deeds...that life is measured in
growth. What is alive - grows. What grows is alive. Time will take care of our getting older. We must look
after our getting wiser. We are summoned on Rosh Hashana to resolve that the New Year will make us more
understanding, more sympathetic, more deeply touched by the affliction of others. We need also be more
appreciative of the beauty around us and the gift of life itself. People who use the Siddur sensitively - people
who truly worship are aware of this.
Unless we are prepared to accept the changes which time brings, to be reminded of the calendar, we
cannot life sensible lives. We tear off the page of the calendar after a week or month has passed. Yesterday is
gone, today is fleeting, tomorrow is always on the way. Every moment offers us an opportunity for learning,
for expanding our knowledge. The challenge of the Torah way is described in the words “and you shall
meditate on it day and night.” Every moment should be an opportunity for making the life of some individual
happier and more fulfilling. Time is suffused with the sense of eternity. The Shabbat is such a time. So is Kol
Nidre. Only those who can experience these hours when we forget time can be said to be truly alive.
Living...true living, is the ability to see the enduring in the swiftly, vanishing moment of time.
When we rise to say “Hayom harat olam” on Rosh Hashana let us remember the true challenge of the
year to come.. .the true challenge of life.
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
Mention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
