Administration=
Executive Director’s Message
Xhe Jacksonville Jewish Center
is a remarkable place.
Where else could a group of
New Americans, who only a few years
ago were victims of unthinkable
religious persecution, celebrate their
B’nai Mitzvah, by reading Torah and
leading Shabbat Services?
What other congregation with
our demographics could fill an airport
with as many kids going to Camp
Ramah, USY on Wheels and various
other summer programs to Israel and
Poland?
Where else can you find a synagogue with such
a beautiful natural setting that includes our own
private campgrounds and pool facility?
What other synagogue can equal our long
standing commitment to Jewish education?
What other congregation can boast of the
extraordinary lay and professional leadership present
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center?
It is for these reasons that it is such a privilege
for me to have the opportunity to help direct the future
of a congregation that has meant so much to me and
my family over the years.
We have a great congregation, but so much
remains to be done.
Our tradition teaches us that
God deliberately left the world
unfinished because He expects each
generation - every man, woman and
child - to be His partner in the
continuous act of creation. So it is
with the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Our future depends on each of
us to use our individual talents and
resources to make the Center an even
better place.
What can we do? Support our
various educational programs. Attend
a daily minyan. Serve on a Center committee.
Volunteer for a needed project. Contribute to our
Building Fund. Support Performing Artists and Adult
Education. Invite a new member to your home.
Become a Patron. Talk to others with enthusiasm
about the Center. Become an active member of the
Men’s Club or Sisterhood. Share your talents where
they are needed.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a remarkable
place. Accept your role as a partner in its continued
development and we can secure our congregation’s
survival for generations to come.
Edith, Sam and Max join me in wishing each
of you a happy, healthy year and may the New Year
5757 be a year in which each of us makes a difference
for the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Activities Director’s Message
Xo be a part of the daily activities of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is an
exciting challenge I look forward to with pleasure and enthusiasm. Having served
the Center as a volunteer for many years, I have had the opportunity of being
intimately involved in many of the projects which have made our synagogue
among the finest in the country. I am grateful that we are blessed with so many
dedicated lay leaders and volunteers, for they are the ones we depend on to make
us look good. As Activities Director, my responsiblities include managing and
coordinating the Center’s calendar, as well as serving as the synagogue’s contact
for lifecycle events and in-house functions. I look forward to working with you
all, and promise to continue the tradition of excellence of which we are so proud.
Shirley Bielski
On behalf of my family, Abe, David and Talie, I wish you all a year filled Activities Director
with health, happiness and peace.
L’Shana Tova.
7
