Message from Rabbi Gaffney
Renewing the Irreplaceable
I am prompted to the consid-
erations that follow after reading an
article in the business section in one
of the important national daily
newspapers. I usually do nothing
more than skim the headlines of this
section of the paper.. .but one item of
business interest, and I think of
human interest, evoked my curiosity.
I read further. The article explained that
one publicly owned company was
resisting the fluctuations sometimes
found in bio-engineering stocks and
was doing quite well. The company in
question was into medical technology
and the research and development of
replacement parts for the human body.
I had not realized the extent to which
the bionic man and woman had become
a fact of life. Companies that replace
parts for a price, are a growth industry.
Indeed replacing human parts with
artificial ones has spurred the
development of a community of
manufacturers that endeavor to replace
what was formerly irreplaceable. There
are reports of millions of people who
have had artificial parts implanted
inside them. There are artificial hips,
knees, elbows, arteries, breasts, lenses,
and pace makers. Even the artificial
human heart has become a “fact of life”
challenge to these new creators. As
medical researchers contemplate the
future, they are confident that
everything in the body will ultimately
be duplicated by parts flowing out of a
factory.
I read the article with a mixture
of fascination and disquietude. Please
understand - I’m all for research in this
area. I believe it to be a part of a God
given command to mankind to realize
and develop itself to its fullest creative
potential. It is a mitzvah to prolong life.
It is a mitzvah to give people second
opportunities...to bring hope and
healing to those in need of help.
The psalmist explains about
God, “For You have sown this flesh;
You knitted these bones in my
mother’s womb; I offer my thanks for
I am astonishingly and wonderfully
made.” I do not know which blessings
Rabbi David and Inge Gaffney
are recited when one is provided with
an artificial limb or organ ... or
frankly, to whom thanks is due. Is it
the scientist? the technician? the
medical researcher? or the insurance
company that makes it all possible?
But it is not God’s honor that I am
concerned with. God wants and needs
partners to further His work in every
human and social sphere.. .no less this
area of modern medical development.
What fills me with disquietude
is that if we can replace the formerly
irreplaceable...the limbs and organs
that sustain life... what shall we do for
the human spirit that ails as well.
People have, not only a body, but a
spirit. There is in each human being
a Divine flame which thinks, creates,
dreams, hopes, cries . . . and prays.
There is in every person a need for
love ... for companionship, for a
sense of dignity and worth. There is
in each of us a need to make a
difference. There is in everyone a
talent to sing, to soar and to celebrate
the wonder of life.
Is there a company which can
provide replacements of the spirit when
it is deficient? Can a factory provide
an implant to those who need to be able
to love? to those who hunger for beauty
and long for truth? Can we ask the
researchers to look into the widespread
conditions of the shriveled souls and
withered spirits of modem man and to
provide their replacement parts? Is the
price too high? The technology too
complex? I suspect that any agency
providing replacement of the human
spirit would flourish . . . would add
significantly to its own stock market
average, if given the chance.
It dawned on me, as I read this
article on the replacement of the
irreplaceable, that the Jewish
community and tradition has had such
an agency ... one which had flourished
over these last many centuries. Rosh
Hashana and Yom Kippur may serve
as representatives of each day of human
life. The setting for this enterprise is
the synagogue. The human spirit cannot
be replaced - it need only be renewed.
We Jews call this Teshuva - the ability
to return to our fullest human
dimensions in the face of all that causes
the spirit to shrivel. There is an element
- a winged thing within us - an
invisible, but real entity which links our
life to the Eternal Spirit... the source
of our Being. I call it God.
Our tradition states... ’’Elohai -
neshama asher natata bee - tehora
hee ” - “Our God, the spirit and soul
you have placed within me is pure and
good.” (the Siddur) Is this the real
meaning of the Genesis description
of God providing us with the breath
of life? I think so. I venture to suggest
that though we may be able to replace
those physical organs with which we
were created, we will never be able
to do without that spirit which comes
from God and which is our most
fundamental of human endowments.
It is that human endowment which
cannot be replaced. It can only be
renewed.
I invite you to this renewal . . .
not only during the course of the High
Holy days which are upon us...but
rather over the course of the entire
year. This is a life long process . . .
but one we need to seek if we are to
realize that we are heirs to a noble
tradition and that we are members of
the human family.
Inge and I, and the members of
our family, wish you and yours a year
of health, happiness, purpose,
blessing, peace and renewal. Amen
Rabbi David Gaffney
