Messages
President’s Message
Excerpts from Installation Speech
There can be no doubt that while
all other organizations we belong to are
important for insuring the survival of the
Jewish people - no institution is more
important than the synagogue - for
insuring the survival of us as Jews.
This congregation has served each
and every one of us well. We are blessed
with dedicated professionals - our clergy
and our administration. More importantly,
we are blessed with the greatest lay
congregation, I challenge, in the country. The foundation
of this synagogue is a loyal, tireless corps of dedicated
volunteers who serve as board members, committee
members, advisors, officers and members of clubs and
organizations, fundraisers and as foot soldiers in all
activities of the synagogue, day in and day out, year
after year.
I looked up the word “President” in Webster’s
Dictionary. It means an official chosen to preside over a
meeting. The Hebrew word for President is Nassee,
which derives from the word “to carry/to lift up,” and
that definition I think is really a more appropriate
description of my role.
My duties as President may include presiding over
meetings, but my goal and responsibility to you and this
congregation is going to be to raise money, and most
importantly, to raise spirits.
I have been told, “Evan - you have
to make people feel better about the
Center”; but ultimately it is the members
who can make people feel better and more
appreciative of the Center.
You need to talk the Center up -
not down. If you have honest criticism,
voice it to the leadership. If you have
praise, voice it to the Community.
Over the next year every one of
us can do some of the following: 1) Give
to the Building Fund; 2) Buy an extra raffle ticket; 3)
Sell an extra raffle ticket; 4) Support the yearbook; 5)
Set up an endowment; 6) Make plans in your will; 7) Be
a patron for one event; 8) Get a friend to join; 9) Get
another friend to join; 10) Sponsor a kiddish; get a group
of friends to sponsor a kiddish celebrating combined
simchas; 11) Sponsor a bulletin; 12) And don’t turn us
down if we adjust your dues to make them more in line
with your fellow congregants.
My message for all of us can be summed up as
follows: I am only one, but I am one; I cannot do
everything, but I can do something; What I can do, I
ought to do; And what I ought to do, by the grace of
God, I will do.
On behalf of Arlene, Esther and Tania, I want to wish
you all a Happy and Healthy New Year! La Shana Tova.
Evan J. Yegelwel
President
A Message from Cantor Joel Fox
Ohalom,
Each year at this time, I look
back on the accomplishments of the
last year, and forward to the
challenges of the new year to come.
Being a part of the Center
family and having the privilege of
being included in your simchas is
one of my greatest personal
pleasures. I treasure the friendships
I have made in these few years.
My greatest pride, as Cantor,
continues to be preparing your sons and
daughters to take their places on the
bima for their Bar and Bat Mitzvahs. It
is a responsibility I take seriously, and
I appreciate the confidence you parents
have shown in me.
I truly enjoy my association with
the young people of this congregation,
through our many youth programs.
Their ruach is contagious and always
rekindles my enthusiasm for Jewish life
and especially for Jewish music.
I look forward to singing with you
on Shabbat, holidays and simchas
throughout the coming year.
Best wishes for a happy, healthy
and harmonious year. L’Shanah Tovah
Tikatavu.
Cantor Joel Fox
9
