Adult Education
The Adult Education Committee
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a valuable
source of Adult Education in the community. Our
members are challenged to broaden their
perspectives on many issues that face them each
day. Expanding one’s knowledge in Judaism is more
important than almost any other of the 613
commandments. Anyone who has attended one of
Rabbi Gaffney’s courses on Jewish ethics, Talmud
Study or Family Education is aware of how much
satisfaction learning in a group setting can provide.
Adult Education programs offer a broad range
of subjects with interesting instructors including: A Shabbaton, Setzer-Levit Lecture, Jewish Ethics Confronts
Modern Day Dilemmas; discussions on Jewish character, Firing Line, Talmud Study, Torah & Haftorah
reading classes, book reviews and holiday workshops. Rabbi Gaffney’s new program for Family Education,
“HomeStart”, provides monthly topics which have included “Talking To Your Child About God”, Jewish
Values & Principles” and “How Does Prayer Work.”
The newly established Marilyn & Louis Safer Shabbaton
Fund perpetually underwrites the Center’s annual Shabbaton
Weekends. Eliot Safer, Cynthia Baron, Deena Richman and Shana
Temel have created this endowment in memory of their parents to
provide a financial base for each Shabbaton, allowing for the
procurement of superior Jewish lecturers and professional
educators.
Rabbi Daniel H. Gordis (right) was the guest lecturer for
this past year’s Shabbaton. His topics centered around the theme
“The Search for a Spiritual Judaism.” This most educational and
thought-provoking weekend addressed the issues of “Where Has
All the Passion Gone: The Crisis Facing
American Jewry,” and “The Jewish Meaning of Life - The Secret Revealed”.
Professor Xu Xin, (left) founder of Judaic Studies Association in China and
English Professor at Nanjiing University, addressed the congregation during Men’s
Club Shabbat this past Spring. During the evening, Professor Xin shared his
intriguing Jewish experiences which lead him to promote Jewish awareness in
China. Xu believes that teaching Jewish Studies in China will help the Chinese
better understand Western Civilization as well as their own culture.
Above: Dr. Harris Rittenberg, Dr Joanne Davis,
Shabbaton chairs, with Rabbi Daniel Gordis
and Rabbi Gaffney
Sisterhood Judaica Shop
/0!$sk Jacksonville Jewish Center
Compliments
|fl| 3662 Crown Point Road
of
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Jay Solomon Sports
292-1000 262-0214
JVlention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
27
