Center Men’s Club
1 he Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club provides numerous opportunities for the men of the congregation.
Activities range from religious to social, from synagogue service to community service, from education to sports.
There is something for everyone.
After four years, the Center Men’s Club has distinguished itself with a wide range of activities. One of the most
notable recent activities was the New American B’nai Mitzvah. For almost a year, twelve recent immigrants from the
former Soviet Union dedicated themselves to the study of Judaism, which culminated in one of the most moving
ceremonies in Center history. While learning English and the American culture, these people spent countless hours
learning Hebrew and studying the laws and rituals that they were denied in their previous homeland. The Center
Men’s Club is proud to have initiated and sponsored this event and, along with members of the congregation, to have
assisted in training the students. We plan to begin another class this fall.
The Center Men’s Club has several traditional
activities. There is an annual Men’s Club Shabbat
when the entire service is conducted by members of
the Men’s Club. We present a book as a gift to each
Bar and Bat Mitzvah, recognizing their
accomplishments and encouraging their further
participation in the congregation. Kadima and USY
members regularly see the Men’s Club serving
breakfast at their conventions; and the congregation
sees the Men’s Club serving at synagogue picnics.
On our own and jointly with the Sisterhood, the Men’s
Club sponsors Sunday morning brunches with
speakers on topics of interest to the community and
the congregation. We enjoy being a consistently
active part of the life of the congregation.
Each year we plan unique and different activities for our members, with an emphasis on family participation.
The annual family fishing trip is a great time for families and friends to spend a day with nature, the sea state
permitting. Other activities include “Boy’s Night Out” card games, sporting events and social events where members
can get to know each other better in a casual environment. We look forward to again celebrating “Havdalah Under
the Stars” with our families and youth groups, sharing our heritage and culture in a simple, enjoyable ceremony.
The Center Men’s Club is not just activities, it is people — people having fun, learning, helping and teaching.
The members of the Men’s Club are dedicated members of the congregation, who enjoy giving back a little of what
we cherish. The club is open to all men in the congregation. We strongly encourage members to join and bring their
unique talents and experience to an already thriving organization. If everyone participates and helps a little, we
cannot help but accomplish a lot.
Officers:
President
Randall Smith
Vice President
Brad Jolson
Secretary
David Schmerer
Treasurer
Bruce Glassman
Board Members:
Yefim Brunfon
Leo Davis
Moti Demri
Gary Kresel
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Joe Shacter
A typical Sunday morning speaker brunch.
21
