— Center Raffle —
“Fundraiser For Education”
IVIore than five hundred people enjoyed a delicious barbeque meal and the comedic and musical
talents of Kenny Ellis, at the Center’s Annual Raffle to benefit education. The event succeeded in raising a
record-breaking amount of money for the Center’s
educational programs for youth and adults. We are still
getting compliments on a well-planned and entertaining
evening. We met our ticket sales goal because of the
excellent sales skills of Renee Gordon and her
hardworking committee. However, the financial success
of the evening is due to your support.. .we thank you and
OUR CHILDREN THANK YOU.
Honorable Mention to dedicated long-time sellers:
Maxine Funk, Sheldon Gendzier, Bud Grossman,
George Levin, Wilbur Margol, Lew Meisel, Sonny
Sandler, Beck Setzer, Esther Weiss, Dr. Bruce Yergin.
More Great Salespeople: Isabel Balotin, Shirley Bielski, Marty
Caplan, Robin De Crispino, Helen DuBow, Charlotte Fialkow,
Pat Frisch, Rabbi David Gaffney, Marilyn Garber, Dr. Jeff
Goldstein, Rhoda Goldstein, Sherry Greenfield, Rose Hecht,
Stuart Hecht, Risa Herman, Bruce & Edith Horovitz, Sharon
Kesler, Gene Kornblum, Joan Levin, Marilyn Mass, Jack
Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, Joel Morris, Robin Morris, Sonya
Morris, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock, Kate Robbins, Randi
Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg, Eliot Safer, Dr. Neil Sager,
Marilyn Sandler, Kim Schemer, Dr. Ken Sekine, Leonard Selber,
Jack Selevan, Debra Setzer, Jackie Spiritas, Ina Taffet, Edward
Tannen, Elyse Whitman, Amy Wyzan and Evan Yegelwel.
Thank you to our volunteers:
Event Chair - Renee Gordon
Tickets/Records - Judy Greenfield
Front door - Charlotte Fialkow, Inez
Achord, Jewel Ann Achord, Naomie
Trager, Betty Rose and Margaret
Gerber.
Dinner - Robin Allerding
Decorations & Setup - Carla Bernard,
Ellen Rosner, June Shenkman,
Ellen & George Rubens of Party
Sensations and the Yegelwel Family.
Lighting & Sound - Marilyn Garber
The winners were:
$7,500 Charles Mibab
$1,000 Ellen Freedman
$500 Madeline Hecht
$200 Bruce Schwartz
$200 Elizabeth, Alison
& Stephanie Hecht
$100 Minnie Schreiber
and Fab 3 Sound
Flospitality - Ramada Inn Conference
Center
Travel Arrangements - Ava Axelrod
and Eva Jackler
Photographer - Scott Zimmerman
Renee & Alan Gordon - great ticket sales! Savage, 70+ Tickets
We acknowledge the generosity of the following businesses for their
donations: Pic N’Save, Liberty Furniture, The Spa at Ponte Vedra Inn
and Club, Jeff Adams Photography, Embassy Suites, Sessions Modeling,
Epping Forest, Ramfis Photography, Pierre Beauty Supply, Boyz & Co.,
Moon & Star, Rosenblums, French Novelty, Professional Touch Florist,
Worman’s, Plaza on the Green, Mediterrania Restaurant, Party
Sensations, Ramada Inn and Conference Center.
23
