Organizations
Shabbat Ushers
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the
friendly volunteers who give of their
time to perform the mitzvah of
welcoming people to services with
a friendly “Shabbat Shalom”.
Greeting is a good way to introduce
yourself to people and make
newcomers and visitors feel
welcome. We thank Martha for her
dedication to the Center and to all
of the people who volunteered to
greet over the past year. Anyone
interested in joining the Shabbat
Greeters, please call Martha Savage.
David Goldring, Chairman
Every Shabbat our dedicated
ushers greet newcomers and visitors
and welcome them to our worship
service. These friendly volunteer
members serve as ambassadors to
Center congregants, helping with
seating, guiding and acknowledging
newcomers, and welcoming regular
worshippers. Each week, the ushers
help to maintain synagogue decorum
which preserves the beauty of the
service for all of us. We thank the
ushers and their volunteers for their
efforts throughout the year.
The Ushers: Fred Alterman,
Stuart Appelbaum, Sidney
Backer, Brian Benwick, Fred
Blum, Bruce Glassman, Ira
Grann, Jeffery Morris, George
Rubens, Josh Rubens, Leonard
Saraga, Barry Schuster, Joseph
Shacter, Steve Solomon, Tom
Spriggs, Joshua Whitman and
Evan Yegelwel.
Center Choral Society
For over 50 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing services on
the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical music. Over the years
they have given numerous concerts featuring members of the choir as well
as nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have been
singing with this group for twenty years or more. New members are always
welcome.
Raymond Cohen, President
Pollie Copans, Organizing Secretary
Judy Nevel, Musical Director
Stevie Levine, Music Coordinator
Members: Ruchel Broadman, Raymond Cohen, Pollie Copans, Cynthia
Disher, Karen Dubin, Margaret Fleet, Andrea Gosa, Elizabeth Gosa,
Lois Gosa, Debbie Kaye, Henry Lasris, Stevie Levine, Lenny Maiman,
Leo Moskovitz, Judy Nevel, David Organes, Peggy Organe, Abba Safer,
Beth Shorstein, Anita and Steve Solomon, Lisa Spriggs, Cathy Wilensky.
Shabbat Torah Readers
Ted Gross, Coordinator
“The stranger that sojourneth
with you shall be unto you as the
homeborn” Lev. 19:34. Contrary to
this principle, dictators have always
needed scapegoats. To them the
stranger is to be treated as an enemy.
The newest mass murderers place no
value on man’s “image of G-d.” The
Torah has been trying to control this
destructive instinct from the time the
verse above was recorded. The
struggle will go on. We can only
hope that the nations of the world
will realize that the danger is greater
than ever. Our own concern will be
to make the reading of the Torah
central to our form of worship.
We thank our highly-qualified
readers and those who joined the
team during the past year:
Dr. Neil Abramson, Brian
Benwick, Larry Bernard, Jack
Bettman, Fred Blum, Raymond
Cohen, Moti Demri, Etta Drashin,
Rachel Finck, Seth Finck, Adam
Frisch, Daniel Frisch, Mark
Frisch, Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein,
Ellen Goldstein, Ira Grann, Eric
Goldberg, Lane Goldberg, Bruce
Horovitz, Leonardo Maiman, Dr.
David Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris,
David Moskovitz, David Organes,
Ken Organes, Herb Plotkin, Dr.
Marco Rand, Morrie Osterer,
Joshua Rubens, Mathew Safer,
Judge Jack Schemer, Michael
Schneider, Joseph Shacter, Bobby
Shenkman, Daniel Shorstein and
Jack Silverman.
New members:Josh Bernard,
Lauren Bloom, Crista Cohen,
Rachel Finck, Erin Frisch, Sam
Horovitz, Iris Kraemer, Lindsay
Lipsky, Jessica Osterer, Natalie
Osterer, Daniel Passen, Lisa
Rand, Marcia Robson, Scott
Zimmerman.
34
