Adult Education =
Sisterhood Adult B’nai Mitzvah
February 16-17,1996/27 Shevat 5756
Xhe Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Sisterhood
B’nai Mitzvah Class, consisting of 40 women and two
men, celebrated a simcha that culminated almost three
years of study, personal growth, and commitment. The
curriculum consisted of the study of Torah, services and
holidays and culminated in
the b’nai mitzvah ceremony.
The study of Judaism
from its works, customs and
traditions gave everyone
much about which to reflect.
We were taught the prayers
that comprised the Friday
night service and the three
sections of the Saturday
morning service. We learned
why the Amidah prayer is
repeated three times daily.
We discussed the origin and
observances of the holidays.
The individual experiences
and memories of the B’nai
Mitzvah added relevance to lessons and worthiness
to the purpose of having taken the class.
The B’nai Mitzvah weekend was glorious. It
began with a traditional Friday night Shabbat dinner.
After a welcome, women stood to recite the blessing
over the candles whose light shone in the eyes of
many, and cast a glow on the families gathered to
celebrate enthusiastically the accomplishments of
mothers, grandmothers, sisters, aunts, daughters,
friends and husbands. Parents made the traditional
blessing upon their sons and daughters. Kiddish was
chanted with the sweetness that the Sabbath heralds.
The meal for over 350 people was delicious
nourishment for the body, while the occasion itself
was nourishment for our spirits. The birkat hamazon
and ru ’ach we shared after the meal were seasoned
with the closeness and pride we felt for ourselves
and for one another.
Friday night services provided an opportunity
to share some of the knowledge we had acquired.
We led prayers and sang hymns. Naomie Trager told
us that the emphasis within our religion to give
tzedakah and to dignify others with acts of kindness
inspired her to realize what is so good about Juda¬
ism. Then Tricia Bettman told us about her memo¬
ries as a Jewish child living in a predominantly Jew¬
ish neighborhood with her relatives, and of attend¬
ing a school with many other Jewish students. Her
memories of her grandmother blessing the candles,
her grandfather speaking yiddish, her cousins look¬
ing for the afikomen together and observing other
customs fulfilled a Jewish life that is harder to live
today when fewer and fewer people speak yiddish or
live in areas heavily popu¬
lated with Jews. The memo¬
ries with bubbes and zaydes
are changing, as homemade '
challahs and other Jewish
delicacies have become
brand name products. The
majority of the congregation
was able to relate to these
experiences, common to so
many.
Saturday services were
also led by members of the
class. It was heartwarming to
see those who had accom¬
plished the skill of reading
Torah use the yad that they
had given to the congregation. We were proud of those
who had aliyot and chanted the Haftorah. Together
they stood: Arlene Rademan with her husband Jerry,
Marion Tischler with her father Louis, Lois Peltz with
her husband Mitchell; Barry Setzer and Iris Kraemer
eloquently chanted the Torah reading. Janis Fleet ex¬
plained how by collecting a half sheckle from each
Jew it meant that no Jew was more important that
another and that only by coming together can a Jew
be whole. Later, Etta Drashin gave a d’var Torah
about how she had come to realize that the study of
Torah, observance of Shabbat, keeping Kashrut and
supporting Israel are important observances of Juda¬
ism. The B’nai Mitzvah enjoyed a deeper understand¬
ing of the prayers as they proudly led the service.
And so they came to the bima together to sing “Adon
Olam ” and to stand as one, a people of one.
And to celebrate even further, we acknowledged
Beck Setzer’s birthday, Risa Schneider’s birthday and
the naming of Julia Allerding, born during her
mother’s bat mitzvah preparation. There is a Hebrew
expression, m’dor Tdor, from generation to
generation. We underscored those words with the
celebration of our Bar/Bat Mitzvah along with our
family and friends, and in the tradition of Jews all
over the world.
— Sue Ann Blumenthal
28
