- Organizations -
Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center
Library Committee
Contemporary readers will find the library’s
English translations of the Talmud most significant.
The library contains the Adin Steinsaltz Hebrew and
English versions of the Talmud. The volumes are available to the
Congregation for information and enjoyment.
The Jacksonville Jewish News describes
Synagogue libraries as hidden treasures in our
community offering a diverse selection of books of
Jewish interest. The Henry Kramer Library and
Resource Center is our treasure and contains a rich
choice of books of Jewish interest.
Chairpersons:
Minnie Schreiber,
May Goldie Stillman
Administrative Assistant:
Elaine Furman
The Solomon Schechter Day School Library is an accredited school
library. Donations from parents and friends have enabled the school
library to add several hundred books a year. There is a large secular
collection and numerous books of Jewish content. The new Simon Selber
Library Fund will greatly benefit the children’s Judaica collection.
School Liaison:
Edith Horovitz
Sisterhood Liaison:
Beth Shorstein
Members:
Blanche Slott,
Roselyn Selber,
Moti Demri
The Henry Kramer Library relies on financial donations from
synagogue members and friends. Volunteers are needed to assist the
Library Committee with its increasing needs. Without the assistance of
the committee members, the extensive collection of books in the Solomon
Schechter Day School Library and the Adult Collection would not be
organized and accessible for check-out. The Committee devotes many
service hours to processing and cataloging the books for shelving. The
Library is open Sundays from 8:30 a.m. to noon. The Book Cart with
books is available for check-out at the Sisterhood Book Reviews and
Library Shabbats.
55+ Club
The 55+ Club,
now in its ninth year,
usually meets the sec¬
ond Sunday of each
month from 2 to 4 p.m.
at the Center. Programs
include speakers, musi¬
cal performers, dancing exhibitions and interesting presentations. The en¬
tertainment is always exciting, refreshments are served and there’s always
time for socializing. The annual luncheon in June is the highlight of the
year. Membership is open to the entire Jewish Community with annual
dues only $12.50 per person.
Row 1 L to R: Molly Silverman, Pollie Copans, Sada Freedman,
Row 2 L to R: Jack Silverman, Philip Copans, Ben Edwards
55+ Club Officers
President
Ben Edwards
Vice President
Pollie Copans
Treasurer
Jack Silverman
Recording Secretary
Sada Freedman
Corresponding Secretaries
Pollie and Philip Copans
Program Coordinator
Pollie Copans
Hospitality
Bernard Allen
Rose Lieberman
35
