Burial and Mourning —
Center Cemetery
Th e Center owns and operates two cemeteries, both adja¬
cent to the Evergreen Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are
beautiful pieces of property with large shade trees and mature
landscaping. The original cemetery is referred to as the “Old
Cemetery.” The new cemetery is known as the Center Memorial
Park. The Center provides complete maintenance of these
grounds. Both cemeteries are open daylight hours every day ex¬
cept Shabbat and Jewish
holidays. A Memorial Ser¬
vice is conducted each year
on the Sunday between
Rosh Hashanah and Yom
Kippur at each of the cemeteries. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel
north on North Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go
until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the
Center Memorial Park, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street,
which is beyond Winona. Make a right on 43rd Street and the entrance is
on the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Just as with other life cycle events at the Center, burial and
mourning rites are reserved for Center members. Therefore, only full
members may purchase a plot in one of the Center cemeteries. Associate
members are not eligible to purchase a plot. For more information
regarding the purchase of cemetery plots, please call the Center
administrative office.
We thank the voulnteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson;
Charlotte Fialkow
David Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Lenny Maiman
Jeffery Morris
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Sol Proctor
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Chevra Kaddisha
Officers 1996-97
President
Nathan C. Sandler
VP/Treasurer
Robert Bossen
VP/Education
Ira Grann
VP/Committee Chair (Tahara)
lisa Gottlieb
This year the Jacksonville Chevra Kaddisha is proud to celebrate
our 25 th year as an independent organization with its largest and most
dedicated membership to date.
We serve our Jewish community with a commitment and dedication
to one of the most important traditions in our Jewish beliefs, the proper
burial of the deceased. This service is available to any individual desiring
a traditional Jewish burial under the direction of our Rabbis.
Ask any member of our Chevra Kaddisha why they undertake this
task, and their answer will always be “It’s the right thing to do”, no
better choice can be made. It’s like helping someone cross the street,
someone you may never see again.”
VP/Committee Chair (Tahara)
Sheree Spriggs
VP/Secretary
Deinya Mautz
As President, I am extremely proud of our committee. As our Jewish
community continues to grow so does our membership - always ready
and dedicated to our duties. We will always be available for our fellow
Jews in Jacksonville and surrounding areas.
Anyone interested in our work please contact any of our officers or
members.
- Nathan Sandler, President
61
