Endowments ^==
The Simon Selber Memorial Collection
In loving memory of Simon W.
Selber, Z”L, whose passing in 1993 was
profoundly felt by our entire community,
the Selber Family is creating an
endowment fund for the purchase of
books of Jewish content and traditional
character for the Henry Kramer Library
and Resource Center.
Simon Selber’s love for Jewish learning is
reflected in his own magnificent personal library,
containing volumes which he eagerly collected over
the years as he sought ever greater insight into our
tradition. It is in keeping with Simon’s love of
learning that the family has now endeavored to make
available the finest of Jewish books of a traditional
nature, especially to the youth, which Simon worked
so hard to imbue with our Jewish heritage.
Simon Selber’s thirst for living was a gift to those
people whose lives he touched. Simon channeled his
boundless spiritual energy and enthusiasm into helping
others. A man admired for his intelligence and foresight,
Simon is remembered as a charismatic “can-do” person
in all areas of his life. Because he genuinely cared for
other people, he enjoyed many friendships and was
called upon for advice and counsel by many who knew
him. Many in the community now call
upon his memory for comfort or guidance.
Generous with his hands and heart,
Simon helped build the emotional and
spiritual bridge between the Russian
resettlers to Jacksonville and the
community. His unselfish donation of
time, ideas and a private van for
transportation, lent dignity to many New Americans,
and for that he is a part of Jewish history, as well.
Above all, Simon will be remembered not only
for what he accomplished with others, but for the
cohesion these deeds will bring to the generations
that follow. Because of Simon, many people embrace
their faith and believe that anything is possible - and
probable, in this world. Hope, Jewish continuity and
family ties are the strengths Simon taught others to
draw on, by virtue of the way he lived.
Donations may be made to “The Simon Selber
Memorial Collection” to perpetuate the calibre of
Jewish works that will be in the collection. As the
memories of Simon continue to inspire his family to
live their lives with Yiddishkeit and enthusiasm, so
will the memorial collection serve to teach, pursue
and encourage Jewish knowledge, history and culture.
64
Mention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
