Endowments
Renee R. Mibab Education Endowment Fund
Th e Center wishes to acknowledge
the loss felt by the passing of a caring
teacher, friend and colleague, Renee
Mibab, on June 14, 1996. Renee passed
away while attending an educational
training seminar.
We express our deepest
condolences to her husband, Perry, and
to her children, Charles, Ben, Alan and Miriam.
“The loss of Mrs. Mibab has left a very real
void which can never be entirely filled. We take
comfort in the fact that a part of Renee will continue
to live, reflected in the lives of the students she has
instructed and guided,” said Day School Principal,
Willard M. Kennedy.
In a very generous and most appropriate tribute
to Renee, The Zucker Family (Jerry, Anita, Jonathan,
Andrea and Jeffrey, of Charleston, South Carolina)
has created the Renee R. Mibab Education
Endowment Fund for the benefit of the Solomon
Schechter Day School of The Jacksonville Jewish
Center. At the Zucker’s request, the income generated
by the endowment will benefit Hebrew teachers
through the purchase of teaching supplies. Students
requiring financial aid in order to attend the Day
School will benefit, as well.
Renee’s years at the Center were highlighted
by her extensive and impressive love of Israel,
Judaica and most of all the character with which she
taught our children. Most important
was her commitment to the progress
of her students, some of whom she kept
in contact with for years after they were
“hers”. Empowering the children with
an understanding and enjoyment of
Hebrew culture, language and history
gave Renee much satisfaction and
fueled her desire to teach. Renee’s
positive attitude and sincerity was an important
ingredient in her ability to build Jewish esteem in
our children.
Her colleagues were inspired by her energy and
the way her momentum affected people around her.
As she was preparing for her trip to Montreal to learn
the Tal Am method of teaching Judaica, Renee
expressed great enthusiasm for learning new teaching
methods to implement in the Fall. With vision and
perception Renee knew she would be growing and
learning alongside her students. In her lifetime,
Renee’s enthusiasm and thirst for learning has been
a positive motivator to the many lives she taught
and touched. In simple terms she was a good teacher
by virtue of her skill at teaching “for” the children,
not “at” the children.
It is appropriate to continue Renee’s legacy in the
Day School with the Renee R. Mibab Education
Endowment Fund. On behalf of the Center and the entire
congregation, we thank the Zuckers for their generous
memorial to Renee Mibab’s lasting contributions to the
Day School.
Renee Mibab shown with one of her recent classes.
63
