— Endowments
Marilyn & Louis Safer Shabbaton Fund
Th e Jewish Center is proud to
announce the establishment of the
Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton
Fund. The purpose of the endowment
is to assure a continuing opportunity
for intense adult Jewish education at
the Center’s annual Shabbaton
weekend. The Safer family — Eliot
Safer, Cynthia Baron, Deena Richman
and Shana Temel — in announcing
this gift, in memory of their parents, explained that
Jewish study and knowledge was always paramount
in their parents lives. Rabbi Gaffney, in expressing
his gratitude to the family for this significant gift
said - “Our people’s faith has always been nurtured
by the notion that it is an honor to have one’s name
associated with deeds of charity (tzedakah),
especially when it is directed to significant programs
such as Jewish education. Together with the support
of the Shabbaton benefactors, supporters and patrons,
interest from this endowment fund will ensure the
continued high standard of speakers, lectures and
teachers that has always characterized the Center’s
Shabbaton weekend.”
The effect of this endowment will surely be
significant in our lives and in the lives of our children.
It is most appropriate to attempt to describe what
Marilyn and Lou’s friendship and involvement meant
to us. It would be unlikely to know one and not the
other, their relationship was close and loving. A
lifelong friend commented, “Lou
Safer was well-liked and trusted by
the entire community. Very fair and
square, very sweet and nice.
Everybody was crazy about him as a
lawyer even before he became a judge.
A character above reproach. How
many people do you find like that?”
Marilyn not only provided
encouragement and support of Lou as
a husband and in his community endeavors, but she
independently embraced the synagogue as a keystone
in her life. Her son, Eliot said his mother was
“involved in Hadassah and very synagogue oriented.
She grew up in a family rich in traditional values,
with both of her parents taking active roles in the
Jewish community.” Marilyn’s daughter, Deena
commented that “what impressed her most about her
mother was her unselfish devotion to helping friends
that were sick or needy, even taking them to doctor’s
appointments for cancer treatments or other
physically challenging, yet necessary activities.”
Marilyn + Lou. Together, equal partners and
stalwarts of the Jewish community. What better or
more fitting tribute for a wonderful, irreplaceable
couple whose philosophy was grounded in keeping
the synagogue as the center of Jewish life and
learning. Each Shabbaton, Lou and Marilyn will be
with us in spirit. As knowledge continues to grow,
so will our memory of what they meant to us all.
Marilyn and Lou Safer surrounded by their loving family
65
