Early Childhood
Message from the Director
Early Childhood Department
Located in the Selevan Pre-School
Marcia Robson
Director
Hands-on activities make learning an adventure at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center Pre-School. Teachers utilize the developmental approach
to education. They select topics relevant to their students’ age group
and then build an array of lessons around a central theme. Fairy tales
and stories are taught through art projects, cooking activities and play
acting, using developmental skills to achieve each manipulative skill.
Such an approach permits hands-on experiences with real objects
for children to examine and manipulate. It also allows children to develop
their five senses as well as acquire knowledge and skills based on what
they already know and can do.
The schools academic program includes: language arts; math readiness; perceptual motor development
activities; music; library; outdoor/indoor play; storytelling and comprehension; computer basics for Pre-
Kindergarten students; field trips; cooking; science projects; Kabbalat Shabbat; special holiday programs;
skills for holiday observances; and more.
Our goal is to provide positive, stimulating experiences so that a child has
an opportunity to develop self-confidence, curiosity for learning and an
appreciation of our Jewish heritage.
The Early Childhood Department includes our impressive Pre-School and
Extended Day Care. Our school is accredited by The Florida Kindergarten
Council and the National Association for the Education of Young Children. The
school is also a member of The North Florida Association of Young Children
and The Southern Association of Children Under Six.
We wish our Pre-School families a happy and healthy new year.
Shirley Thacker
Secretary
PRE-FIT
■ //'I
FUN & FITNESS FOR CHILDREN
(904) 398-5494
lO M
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 54 1 7 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-459 1 JACKSONVILLE, FL 322 1 O
BEST WISHES FOR A HEALTHY AND
HAPPY NEW YEAR
JVlention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
143
