Solomon Schechter Day School
Rose Lynn Plotkin Retires After 34 Years
The Solomon Schechter Day School says
farewell to Rose Lynn Plotkin, devoted teacher and
Jewish education visionary, after 34 years of loyal
service to our children.
A firm hand and a loving smile
have guided two generations of Day
School students through the most
impressionable and important years
of their elementary education.
Through the years, Rose Lynn’s
presence has enhanced and in many
cases defined the basic tenants of the
goals and philosophy of the Day
School. Her devotion and expectations
for each child have been equal to their
parents in strength and importance. Her
positive reinforcement and gentle
cultivation of each child’s strength have
charmed and encouraged hundreds or
more children to reach their potential.
Rose Lynn Plot kin
Rose Lynn’s instrumental support and vision
during the early Foundation School years to her
definitive versatility and the experience and passion
she offers as an educator, has enabled her to
accomplish her many roles simultaneously and
effectively. From grade school teacher, resource
teacher, homework tutor, talent show coordinator,
student council advisor to a plethora of other roles,
Rose Lynn has succeeded in training, nurturing and
encouraging significant numbers of children to
become capable, self-confident young adults, parents
and business people.
Mr. Willard M. Kennedy, Day School Principal
holds Rose Lynn in the highest regard. In his opinion,
“She is leaving behind a rich legacy
of competence and affection, the
memory of which shall stand us in
good stead in the years to come. She
is one of the cornerstones of our
Solomon Schechter Educational
Program. Because of the vision of
people like her the school is built on
a solid foundation.”
Providing counsel to many
parents, Rose Lynn has been able to
guide not only children, but entire
families to greater understanding
through learning, thinking and
teaching each other for pure
enjoyment. “Teaching each student to think” is the
measure of Rose Lynn’s success with each student,
“for that is the basis of being independent and the
foundation for tackling any concept.”
Rose Lynn Plotkin’s involvement in each of
our lives has taught us a most valuable life lesson. A
good teacher is a child’s role model for life, long
after the learning is done. Plans are underway for a
retirement party in Rose Lynn’s honor in the Fall.
We wish her much happiness and she will be missed!
'iWi
Comp [intents of
Sunshine State
Basketball Officials
QUALITY THEATRE FOR YOUNG AUDIENCES
P.O. Box47227
Jacksonville, FI 32247-7227
FAX (904) 399-4179
JOAN MONSKY
(904) 398-2960
146
JVlention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
