Solomon Schechter Day School
Willard M. Kennedy
Principal
As our educational institution enters a new year with all its
anticipations and promises, one would be remiss not to examine the
preparation necessary for this step into our future endeavors. Our
movements forward are not isolated events, but represent the combined
efforts of many. Among those who contribute are our parents, who
through the PTA organization, support our professional and lay
leadership. The lay leadership, through its Education Committees,
and the religious leadership of Rabbi Gaffney, continues to exhibit
dedicated support of Solomon Schechter and its mission statement.
Both our secular and religious currículums have
undergone scrutiny by our own dedicated
professional staff, the Florida Council of Independent
Schools and the Central Agency for Jewish
Education (CAJE) of Miami. Our secular program
received eight Special Commendations relating to
our staff, facility, and students. We met or exceeded
all standards and were given a five-year Accreditation
by the state board.of the Florida Council of
Independent Schools (FCIS)
Dr. Raymond Bloom and Dr. Abraham
Gittleson of CAJE stated, “We were impressed by
the calibre of the Judaic teachers, their enthusiasm
and commitment to the school, their concern with
each child, and the sense of pride they take in the
school and its role in the synagogue community.”
From Jacksonville to Montreal to Jerusalem -
Day School faculty members are going to great
lengths to take advantage of opportunities for
professional development. As a result, a new Judaic
Studies Program will be introduced in our school
beginning with the Aleph level of instruction - called
Tal-Am.
Our Middle School concept will continue with
sixth and seventh grade classes. Individual attention
will be the key to a quality academic program. This
is a commitment of our professional and lay
leadership.
We are improving our curriculum in all areas
to ensure that our students receive an outstanding
secular education integrated with Judaic studies and
principles. One major facet of this improvement was
the investment of thirty thousand dollars in our
computer instructional program this past year. Our
reading program has been refined utilizing new
materials and approaches to meet the needs of our
student population.
Strengthened by a commitment to constantly
reassess, improve and surpass our previous achieve¬
ments, we will keep our school a stronghold for the
acquisition of knowledge and the transmission of the
Jewish soul to yet another generation.
Evelyn Borstein
School Secretary
Jackie Spiritas
Secretarial Assistant
147
