Y outh Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
Camp Ramah in New England
LTI
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is very fortunate to have a large representation
of youngsters participating in the Camp Ramah program in New England. Ramah,
an arm of the Conservative Movement, offers a wonderful summer opportunity
for informal enrichment and meaningful education. Those who attended
were:Hope Axelrod, Ivy Epstein, Rachel Gerber, Jeffery Glassman, Cara
Goldberg, Ellen Goldstein, Renee Grann, Sam Horovitz, Lauren Kopp,
Hirsh Kravitz, Bill McMillan, Shira Morris, Aliza Morris, Jessica Osterer,
Melissa Osterer, Natalie Osterer, Jonathan Rand, Lisa Rand, Avi
Richman, Benjamin Rogozinski, Amy Schuster, Daniel Shorstein, Rebecca
Shorstein, Jonathan Tannen, Amanda Wasserman, Shayna Weiss, Alex
Whitman, Esther Yegelwel, Jacob Zoske.
Our thanks to the families and organizations which provide Ramah
Scholarships: Center Sisterhood, Abe Selber Trust Fund, Myra Thier
Lazarus Ramah Fund and Robert Gordon Scholarship Fund.
Leadership Training Institute
Summer Encampment 1996
Summers are topped off with
a unique experience at Camp Blue
Star for one week during the month
of August. Teenagers from 7th grade
and up are encouraged to take the
opportunity to participate in this
program which includes informal
classes and discussion groups,
cultural activities and special evening
activities in addition to a full range
of camp sports and social activities.
The camp provides two unique
programs: 1) Kadima, grade 7 & 8 and
2) USY, grade 9 through 12. Those
attending were: Crista Cohen, Eli
Fleet, Lindsay Lipsky, Sara
Mizrahi, Alyssa Rademan, Anna
Robson, Lindsay Rosenberg,
Elizabeth Sekine, Melissa Yergin,
Mindy Yergin, Alison Zisser.
USY Israel Pilgrimage
This is a unique opportunity for young people ages 15 to 18 to visit Israel.
Based in Jerusalem each of our groups travels the country experiencing their
Jewish heritage. Some of the highlights of the trip are the JNF forest project,
lectures by outstanding personalities and the Tzedakah Awareness program.
In addition to spending a delightful summer with their Israeli peers, our
“pilgrims” also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling companions
from United States and Canada. An additional tour of Poland was included in
an Israel/Poland Pilgrimage. Center USYers who participated this year were:
Sherry Marks, Josh Rubens, Mathew Safer, Simon Schuster, Elizabeth
Sekine, liana Yergin.
Additional
U.S.Y. Summer Programs
We are proud to have the following
group of young people participate in
these fine programs:
USY on Wheels: Rachel and Seth
Finck, and Mark Frisch
Ramah Israel: Josh Marks
Youth Banquet June 2,1996
A the conclusion of the activity year, the Youth
Commission holds a banquet to honor the officers,
advisors and volunteers from each Center Youth Group.
Newly elected officers for the coming year are
introduced. The lovely ceremony and program are
always enjoyed by the young people and their families
who attend the banquet.
165
