= Scouting =
Cub Scout Pack 14
The Cub Scouts of Pack 14 continued our perfect
record with one more great year of fun and excitement!
Our Pinewood Derby car race hosted by our River
Garden friends, was one of the year’s highlights. The
boys and their hand crafted cars teamed up with residents
to create an action packed afternoon enjoyed by all.
(Daytona could learn a few things from our Cubs!).
During the past year, the scouts enjoyed many
activities including arts and crafts, leatherwork and dream
catchers. The boys worked their way toward Wolf, Bear
and Webelo badges. Three of our Webelos. Chris
Moemke, Shaun Jackrel and Adam Glauberg, earned the
Arrow of Light which is Cub Scouting’s highest honor.
Mazel Tov to the boys and their leader, Kathy Moemke.
The Cobra den had an unforgettable trip to the US
Bankruptcy Court. Judge George Proctor, “swore-in” a
cub jury and each boy had a turn at the gavel and robe.
The best part was the visit to the US Marshal’s jail and
trying on handcuffs and leg irons.
The Pack was well represented at the District Cub-
a-ree and we came home with lots of ribbons. No one
has more spirit than the Mighty, Mighty Cubs of Pack
14!
The year came to a close with a beautiful Blue and
Gold Banquet and final campout. Our returning, as well
as new, Cubs are in for a great new year.
Thanks to all of our leaders and especially to our
Cubmaster, Mr. Jim Richman.
Yours in Scouting,
“Mighty, Mighty Pack 14”
Cindy Demri, Committee Chairperson
Scorpion Den
Back: Leaders: Stacey Epstein, Elissa
Vining and Lori Schoettler. Middle:
Michael Epstein, Jonathan Mizrahi, Aaron
Blankstein and Andrew Vining. Front:
Joshua Fleet, Zachary Posin and Kyle
Schoettler. Not shown: Michael Meisel,
David Richter and Ben Whitman.
Cobra Den
Back: Cindy Demri, Mary and Leonard
Selber, Mira and Avi Perets, Fred and
Wendy Posin, Michael and Robin
Shorstein and Jeffery Morris. Front: Ori
Demri, David Selber, Ron Perets,
Mathew Shorstein, Zachary Morris and
Jerome Posin.
Weblos Den 1
Back: Louis Schwartz, Patricia Stacey,
leader, and Steve Warfield. Front: Max
Schwartz, Josh Mandelkorn, Manny Sail
and Sammy Warfield. Not shown: Ben
and Josh Rogozinski
Weblos Den 2 Blue & Gold Banquet Blue &Gold Banquet
Back: Kathy Meomke, Debbie Jackrel
and Mr. Glauberg. Front: Chris Meomke,
Shaun Jackrel and Adam Glauberg.
171
