Scouting
Girl Scout Junior Troop 5
Girl Scout Junior Troop 5 had a very productive and rewarding
year! It has been a year of firsts - Dena Ginsberg earned the Junior
League pin - the first member of Troop 5 to earn this award since its
inception in 1995. Working with Amy Cohen, many members of the
troop diligently worked on the Junior level religious award for Girl
Scouts called the Bat Or.
Service projects: Members participated in a clothing drive which
benefited Hubbard House and the whole troop participated in a service
project making Care Kits filled with personal hygiene supplies for those
at the shelter. The girls additionally entertained the residents at Mt.
Carmel with Purim, Passover and traditional Girl Scout songs.
The troop’s goal was to earn the sign of the rainbow . This requires
earning badges from the 5 “worlds of interest” (the outdoors, arts, people,
today and tomorrow, and well-being) and the Junior Aid patch which is
earned by working with Brownies.
Dena Ginsberg successfully interviewed for a special, 6th graders-
only, council-wide event in St. Augustine. After completing a training
weekend, and constructing an authentic 1700’s outfit, Dena camped in
and conducted tours and demonstrations with 40 other girls in the
historical section of St. Augustine.
IP' '¥r rA?
Pictured: Robyn Blum reaches for the stars in a
goal-setting process.
Camping trips to Kateri and Chowenwaw helped
build outdoor skills as the girls tent camped, cooked in
foil over coals and used pocket knives.
Junior Troop 5 looks forward to welcoming nine
members of Brownie Troop 882 that will “bridge up”.
Four girls bridged to Cadettes, the next level in Girl
Scouting for girls in seventh through ninth grades. They
were Debra Dorman, Dena Ginsberg, Aliza Morris and
Rebecca Shorstein. They will have the opportunity to
stay connected in Girl Scouts at the Jewish Center as a
new Cadette troop is formed in the fall of 1996! Karen
Southall and Jan Lipsky will serve as leaders.
A successful cookie sale this year will assist us to
reach our short-term goal to camp at Ft. Wilderness at
Disney World.
If you are in 4th, 5th or 6th grade, join us in Junior
Troop 5! If you are in 7th, 8th or 9th grade, the new
Cadette Troop #969 is for you!
The Juniors thank: Amy Cohen - Bat Or
Advisor; Karen Southall - Badge Records Mom; Helen
Shacter - Cookie Mom; Shirley Jernigan; The
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
For information about Junior or Cadette Girl Scouts contact Jan Lipsky at 268-7225.
First Coast Box
& Jewelry Displays
6127 Chester Ave / Jacksonville, FI 32217
Phone 904 448-6818
Velvet & Velour Boxes
Cotton-Filled Boxes
Jewelry Displays
Showcases
Scales
Diamond Testers
Ultrasonics
Jewelers Tools & Supplies
Fax 904 739-5983
Op tiVisors
Loupes
Earring Racks
Mirrors
Acids
Pricing Tags
Paper & Ziplock Bags
Carrying Cases
QlcMteiUm
f
Young Juniors & Ladies Fashions
Aerobic & Dance Wear
9825 SAN JOSE BOULEVARD, JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32257
Outback Shopping Plaza Phone (904) 880-0111
and Much More ,
JVlention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Gur Advertisers
169
