Boy Scouts
Troop 14
Troop 14, founded in 1919, carried on the scouting tradition at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center in fine fashion, enjoying another year of outdoor
fun, adventure and activities in 1995-96.
A camping highlight was the North Florida Council’s 75th
Anniversary Camporee at Silver Springs, attended by four thousand scouts
and scouters. Other campouts were at: Blue Springs State Park with scouts
from the Orlando JCA; Osceola National Forest, where the scouts hiked
the historic trail and witnessed the annual reenactment of the Civil War
Battle of Olustee; Goldhead State Park; the JJC; and Scout Blast at Jax
NAS.
Day excursions were made to Ginni Springs for swimming and
canoeing in the area springs and Sante Fe River and to Hanna Park for
trail biking.
The feature of the year’s outdoor program was summer camp at Camp Bob Hardin in North Carolina. The troop
enjoyed whitewater rafting, horseback riding, tubing, and archery, among other skills and activities. The summer
camp contingent was led by Assistant Scoutmaster Steve Solomon and sons Jerry and Kenny. Our campers were
joined by the Orlando JCA’s troop. Scouts Eric and Chris Moemke attended scout camp in Utah.
Meeting programs included: a tour of the Florida Times-Union where, fortunately, the scouts failed to make
headlines; a visit to the neighborhood fire station; a mock court trial; and visits from local Jewish heroes Rick Reiter,
a Navy rescue helicopter crewman, and Randi Glossman, a police patrolwoman. The year-ending program was a golf
excursion to Mandarin Mill.
The troop again exemplified excellence in oratorical skills in the annual Silver Cup of Oratory competition.
The event has become a renowned and fabled event.
Troop 14 joined the other scout groups of the Jacksonville Jewish Center to lead services at the annual Scout
Sabbath. At the annual Blue & Gold Banquet with Cub Pack 14, the scouts were recognized for their achievement and
entertained the audience with a creative skit.
Service to others was not forgotten. The scout’s good deeds included the annual visit to Mt. Carmel Gardens on
Thanksgiving Day to serve lunch and share their youthful vibrancy with the appreciative elder residents.
Scouts Eric Moemke and Aaron Finck attained Life Scout, one rank below the coveted Eagle award. All scouts
make admirable progress in their advancement, including new scouts David Harrington, Michael Demri, Martin
Birnbaum, Travis Jernigan, and Avi Richman.
Fine youth leadership was provided by: Eli Fleet and Justin Jackrel, the senior
and assistant senior patrol leaders: Asher Trager, troop guide; Avi Richman and
Eric Moemke, patrol leaders; and Jared Fleet and C.J. Dulberger, assistant patrol
leaders.
The Troop’s adult leadership was headed by scoutmaster Randy Silverberg,
in his 18th year. He was ably supported by assistant scoutmasters Steve Solomon
and Bill Wilensky. The troop committee chaired by Dan Wilensky included Anne
DePaul, Bob Fleet, Stella Finck, Debbie Jackrel, Kathy Moemke, Harry Peltz,
Charles Trager and Leon Yergin. Troop 14 is for boys ages 11 to 17. For
information call Randy Silverberg at 398-0038 (day) or 733-6649 (evening).
(Sight ’n (Style
OPTICAL
. . . affordable eyewear. . .
George Sweat
Wffímfuími
Printing & Advertisir
3020 Hartley Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 292-0004
590 Dundas Drive
Jacksonville, Fl 32218
(904) 751*2445
Printing & Advertising Specialties
Best Wishes for a Happy Holiday
Eliot (Bobby) Tucker
1914 Beachway Road, Suite 2P • Jacksonville, FL 32207
(904) 396-6800
Mention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
