VINCE’S POOL SERVICE
886-9860
Let us take the worry of pool care off your shoulders
ENJOY YOUR POOL HASSEL FREE
Complete Pool Care Top Quality Low Rates
YOUR CHOICE OF SERVICE
Also Available:
Green Pool Clean-up
One Time Cleaning
8 YEARS EXPERIENCE
Ottenberg’s Bakers Incorporated
655 Taylor Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20017
D.C. 202/529-5800 Balt. 301/792-0530
Compliments of
WESTERN NATURAL GAS CO.
2960 Strickland Street
387-3511
COMMUNITY
Director
Elliott Horovitz
Board of Trustees
Michael Donziger, Chair
Scot Ackerman
Michael DuBow
Gloria Einstein
Melvyn Fruit
Jay Graff
Mark Green
Howard Korman
Neil Presser
Michael Schneider
Russell Selevan
Mark Shorstein
Stephen Silverman
David Stein
Seeman Zimmerman
Barry Zisser
Advisory Committee
Max Block
Lawrence DuBow
Sid Gefen
Joan Levin
Jack Selevan
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is dedicated to accumulating
permanent assets which can provide a source of income to help support the
stability and continuity for the Agencies and Synagogues in Jacksonville.
The foundation professionally administers lifetime and testamentary giving
plans designed to:
• Assist individuals to achieve their personal charitable goals in the
most tax-advantaged manner.
• Accumulate enduring endowed resources for use in supporting special,
emergency, and future needs; particularly those not provided for by the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation’s annual campaign.
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation operates under its won Articles of
Incorporation and Code of Regulations as a partially supported Agency of
the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, with its own officers, Board of Trustees,
committee structure, 501(c)(3) and budget.
The Foundation exists as a partnership of Jacksonville’s Synagogues
and Agencies to assure a better future for all generations. Through the
Foundation, donors are provided with many ways to perpetuate their charitable
interests through a wide array of funding opportunities.
In partnership with: Beth El-The Beaches Synagogue, Beth Shalom
Congregation, Congregation Ahavath Chesed (The Temple), Etz Chaim
Synagogue, Jacksonville Jewish Center, Jacksonville Jewish Federation,
Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family & Community Services and River
Garden Hebrew Home.
JVlention the Center yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
205
