Community
JEWISH COMMUNITY ALLIANCE
8505 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone: (904)730-2100 • Fax: (904) 730-2444
The Jewish Community Alliance is a non-profit family oriented Jew¬
ish social agency whose activities include a preschool, year-round
intersession and summer camps, after school day care, and activities
for children; teens; and adults of all ages. At the JCA, youth and adults
can enjoy recreational, educational, social, athletic, and cultural ac¬
tivities at an affordable cost. Programs are designed to promote Jew¬
ish continuity, strengthen family life, and help individuals achieve
their full range of potential growth. The JCA serves as a bridge for
Jews developing their identity in Judaism and broadening it beyond
the JCA to synagogues, their homes, and Israel. Any Jacksonville
Jewish Center member who joins as a new JCA member by Novem¬
ber 30th will receive a $100 discount on a regular membership.
0
United Way
Affiliated with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, The United Way of N.E. FL, & the Jewish Community Centers of N. America
Executive Committee
Alexander Brest
Honorary Chairman
Howard I. Korman
President
Michael Donziger
Vice President
Pam Korn
Vice President
Dinah Kossoff
Vice President
Neil Presser
Vice President
Barbara Hunter
Secretary
Ira Goldfield
Treasurer
Dan Edelman
Mark Green
Steve Goldman
Bruce Warschoff
Past Presidents
David Stein
Life Member
Mr. & Mrs. Club
National Council of Jewish Women
Jr or forty-two years, Mr. & Mrs.
has been fostering fellowship and a
common bond for the promotion of
religious, cultural and social activities
among fellow Jews.
The club meets at the Center every
third Saturday of the month for a social
evening of dancing, enter-tainment and
dessert, as well as a gala New Year’s Eve
Party with the works!
If you’re thinking of joining the
club, call any Mr. & Mrs. officer or board
member.
1996-97 Officers
Presidents: Dr. Robert & Norma Gerson
Vice President: Lillian Berner
Treasurers: Samuel & Miriam Rand
Recording Sec.: Sada Freedman
Corresponding Sec: Rose Lieberman
Historian: Ben Edwards
Board Members (L-R) Morris Schemer,
Hilda Lewit, Sylvia Goldberg, Molly
Silverman, Jack Silverman, Albert
Goldberg, Peggy Bandel, Larry Bandel.
Not pictured: Ben Edwards
The National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW) Jacksonville
Section, Inc. is a volunteer organization, inspired by Jewish values, that
works through a program of research, education, advocacy and community
service to improve the quality of life for women, children and families,
and strives to ensure individual rights and freedoms for all.
The Jacksonville section was established in 1939, and sponsors
programs which include the following:
• tutoring teenage offenders in order to provide them with a needed
“second chance” at a diploma and a job;
• bringing Kosher meals, as well as a caring word, to the home-bound;
• starting a model program, later adopted nationwide, to provide abused
children with a voice in the court system;
• bringing the Home Instructional Program for Parenting Preschool
Youngsters (HIPPY), a school readiness program for at risk 4 & 5
year olds, to Jacksonville.
• spearheading advocacy efforts at the local, state and national levels
for programs and policies which address the six priority areas of
NCJW. These include Women’s issues, children and youth, health
and aging, Constitutional rights, Jewish life and Israel.
For more information, contact llene Levenson at 730-7273.
1996-97 Officers
President - llene Levenson
Co-VP’s Community Service - Robin Morris, Ellen Rubens
VP Membership - Jodie Leach
VP Fundraising - June Shenkman
Co-VP’s Programming - Gloria Einstein, Suzanne Lichter
VP Public Affairs - June Bell
Treasurer - Janice Meisel
Financial Secretary - Anne Lufrano
Recording Secretary - Sandra Morgan
Corresponding Secretaries - Diane Jolson, Meryl Rittenberg
Bulletin Editor - Doris Goldstein
203
