Hadassah
Th e many faces of Hadassah
include a community of diverse
women of all ages, homemakers,
working mothers, nurses, mature
women who stand united and deeply
committed to carrying on the
Hadassah legacy. This involves
working to support and strengthen
the State of Israel, the American
Jewish community and the rights of
women.
Hadassah’s membership com¬
prises the world’s largest women’s
volunteer Zionist organization.
Working together - networking,
educating, fund-raising, even just
socializing - there is almost nothing
our group of dedicated and energetic
women cannot and will not do to
safeguard Israel and to help steer the
course of American Jewry in our
local community.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites
your participation in one of four
groups: Tikva, Shir Li, Hannah
Senesch and Nurses Council.
Please join us by adding your name
as a Hadassah member. For in¬
formation contact any of our
presidents.
Tikva
Janis Dorman
260-3834
Shir Li
Helen DuBow
733-4281
Hannah Senesch
Past President
Jean Weinberg
398-4496
Nurses Council
Gaye Gendzier
731-7327
Chapter President:
June Shenkman
733-0527
Men are invited to show their
support by becoming a
Hadassah Associate.
— Community -
Jewish Family & Community Services
3601 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32257-5582
Phone 448-1933
JFCS is Here for You
Iris T. Young Executive Director
Since 1917, Jewish Family & Community Services has worked to
ensure the stability of Jewish families. Mental health and marital counseling,
social services and support groups are just some of the ways JFCS meets the
emotional and material needs of those struggling with life’s problems.
JFCS has one simple goal: to “Strengthen the Community.. .One Family
at a Time.” Our Jacksonville Jewish community is not immune to the world’s
problems. We have poverty and hunger; social discord and divorce; abusive
spouses, unwed mothers, and a host of other frustrations.
We also have the ability to create families through adoption; heal
families through counseling; protect our seniors with outreach services; guide
our young toward meaningful lives and wrap these efforts in the warmth of
Jewish understanding.
JFCS professionals can help clients deal with a variety of concerns,
among them:
• Personal Issues, ranging from past abuse to relationship difficulties,
co-dependency to depression;
• Marital Problems, for individuals or with a partner;
• Divorce, helping clients sort through the emotional, financial, legal
and moral issues.
• Divorce Mediation and Divorce Custody Home Studies are also
offered.
• Family/Step-Family/Blended Family Issues, which take into
account the feelings of all family members. JFCS is a licensed child
placing (adoption) agency, licensed in Florida, New York and
Connecticut;
• Parent-Child Conflict, resolving difficulties between generations;
• Teen Behavior, addressing issues such as poor self-esteem, peer
pressure, respect for authority and self-awareness;
• Children’s Behavior, working with the child who bites, the child
who says “no,” the child who throws tantrums; and
• Abuse/Neglect; Bereavement/Coping with Loss or Change.
Services are offered on a sliding fee scale, and some evening
appointments are available. JFCS also operates the only three community
kosher nutrition sites in Jacksonville, at Mt. Carmel Gardens (Monday-
Friday); Etz Chaim Synagogue (Wednesdays) and Pickwick Apartments
(Mondays). Transportation to and from meal sites is available, as are senior-
oriented social outings, trips to doctors offices, religious services and
shopping.
JFCS also provides emergency financial assistance and non-perishable
food to those in need. Client confidentiality is strictly maintained and protected
at all times. For more information about any JFCS service, call 448-1933.
JFCS 1996-97 Officers
President
Vice President
Vice President
Leonardo Maiman
Joan Levin
Mark Shorstein
First Vice President
Vice President
Treasurer
Gary Wilkinson
Dr. Ben Lewis
Michael Lissner
VP/Mental Health Director
Vice President
Dr. Michael Solloway
Suzanne Lichter
Vice President
Vice President
Stuart Herman
Richard Salkin
202
