■ Community
Mount Carmel Gardens, Inc.
JVIount Carmel Gardens
apartments are designed, even in the
smallest detail, to provide comfort¬
able and pleasant surroundings. From
the initial concept, Mount Carmel
Gardens has strived to create a liv¬
ing community which provides much
more than housing. Mount Carmel
Gardens offers a 17-story building on
a beautifully landscaped site, 24-hour
staffing, community facilities, and
planned programs, all of which were
developed as part of an over-all
concept.. .a concept of responding to
the desires of retirees for security,
comfort, safety, independence and the
enrichment of stimulating social-rec¬
reational activities shared with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is
located for the convenience of its
tenants with transportation, shopping,
hospital and doctor’s offices nearby.
Designed and equipped for clean,
respectable living for the elderly. This
facility is completely air-conditioned
and heated. — Linda Ri
Mr. Carmel Officers:
Jack Coleman, President
Brian Benwick, Vice President
Annette Leffler, Treasurer
Rose Tincher, Secretary
Louise Axelberg Dr. Ronald Elinoff
Martin Goetz Melvin Gottlieb
Gerald Levin Dr. Ben Lewis
Ruth Slutzah Daniel Wilensky
Arlene Yegelwel Iris Young
i, R.N.N.H.A., Executive Director
River Garden Auxiliary Officers
President: Ruth Nachman
VP Fundraising: Celia Sachs
VP Membership: Vivian Kaplan
VP Service Coordinator: Gayle Bailys
Treasurer: Evelyn Meisel
Financial Secretaries:
Mary Selber and Sandi Roth
Recording Secretary: Rose Tuckman
Corresponding Secretary:
Irma Sandler
River Garden Auxiliary
This year River Garden Auxiliary will be celebrating its seventy-fifth
anniversary. Since its beginning as the Ladies’ Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society,
th Auxiliary has been serving the Jewish community and the River Garden
Home for the Aged. The Auxiliary’s mission it to contribute financial support
to the Home and to enhance the daily life of its residents.
I hope that everyone reading this message will consider becoming a
member of the Auxiliary. We welcome men, women and children. Our goal
this year is to enroll 75 new members in honor of our 75th anniversary.
Last year the Auxiliary contributed $50,000.00 to the home in honor of
its 50th anniversary. This year our goal will be $75,000.00 in honor of our
75th anniversary. If everyone pulls together, this goal can be attainable.
— Ruthie Nachman, Auxiliary President
River Garden Hebrew Home/Wolfson Health & Aging Center
«TI
Honor thy father and
mother that thy days may be
long...” It was this commandment
that inspired the founding of River
Garden Hebrew Home in 1946 and
nourished the love and care that over
the years has made River Garden a
nationally recognized model of
excellence in its field.
The success of River Garden
is based on the tradition of meeting
100 percent of local Jewish
community needs and of serving rich
and poor alike with excellence. To
be served, all you need do is call.
The River Garden Foundation accepts
donations to help River Garden
continue to meet its mission.
River Garden’s programs of
short-term rehabilitative/respite
care, long-term residential care,
Alzheimers’ and Adult Day Care,
serve over 180 people on any given
day. These programs are guided by
a devoted, professional full time staff
of over 200. This staff includes
physicians and beauticians; nurses,
social workers, pharmacists,
activities specialists; physical
occupational and speech therapists;
dieticians, etc. In addition, scores of
dedicated volunteers help create a
special caring community.
River Garden is located on a
33 acre Mandarin campus. In
December 1994, The Coves, an
elegant yet affordable independent
retirement community, welcomed its
first residents. Sponsored by the not-
for-profit River Garden Holding
Company, The Coves offers security,
club-house living and the opportunity
for continued growth during the
retirement years in a Jewishly
sponsored environment.
River Garden is a community
where people live, love and care; a
community of many lifestyles and of
rich Jewish content, and a
community which every day strives
to live up to the mandate of the Fifth
Commandment.
River Garden Holding Company
President: Brent M. Turbow
Vice President: Lewis Meisel
Vice President: Minnie Schreiber
Honorary Vice Pres.: Arthur Gutman
Honorary Vice Pres.: Irving Klepper
Secretary: Ronald Elinoff
Treasurer: Martin Wolf
River Garden Officers
President: Bernard Datz
Vice President: Fred Tromberg
Vice President: Michael Lissner
Vice President: Gloria Einstein
Vice President: Jack Price
Vice President: Rose Lee Gold
Secretary: Mark Lodinger
Treasurer: Robert L. Jacobs
Assistant Treasurer: Martin Wolf
The Coves Board
President: Lewis Meisel
Vice Pres./Sec.: Helene Coleman
Treasurer: Jack Price
River Garden Foundation
President: Sheila Jacobson
Vice President: Peter Bower
Vice President: Bob Shields
Vice President: Jack Shorstein
Secretary: Rochelle Proctor
Treasurer: Earle Traynham
Chairman of the Board: Evan J. Yegelwel
204
