The Road to Civilization . . Arnold S. Turetsky
“We are a pledge to remind the human race of its true goal”
In the plethora of publications which has produced
(Jewishly related) books on imaginary excavations
and real neuroses, the secularism of religionists and
the piety of scientists, expect soon the appearance
of a book having to do expressly with interesting
customs which are no longer practiced. These will
be derived not only from biblical or talmudic pe¬
riods, but from the era of Jewish life in eastern
Europe just concluded, an influence to which we
are inevitably drawn.
Modern readers will find amusement in the un¬
sophisticated naivete of many of these old practices.
Some will seem purely superstitious, others deeply
pious. Under the heading "High Holyda ys", the
author will describe a procedure so simple and lovely
that its extinction presents a discomforting problem.
On erev Yom Kippur it was the custom of the
Jew to walk through the village, calling for a few
moments at the home of each of his relatives and
acquaintances, to ask forgivness for any wrong he
had done them during the year, knowingly or un¬
knowingly. Understanding that the service of Yom
Kippur atones only for the trespasses between man
and God, he was especially anxious that his earthly
relations be at peace before approaching the great
Judge.
This is the custom. Unphilosophical, nonmystical,
a plain expression of human dignity and love. It is
no longer practiced. Consider the development of
human values indicated, and the unfortunate impli¬
cation. Is this custom obsolete or is it too advanced
for our time?
Can you see the members of this Jewish com¬
munity busy two days before Yom Kippur making
RABBI ARNOLD S. TURETSKY
calls, personally and by telephone? This would be
the annual season for mending relationships. Pre¬
tenses are dropped in the sober atmosphere of an
occasion characterized by the prayer for life itself.
Earnestly and sincerely we ask forgiveness of one
another. We look into the eyes of people whose
closeness we cherish, against whom we have sinned.
"Forgive me for the jealousy I have felt, for the
coolness I have shown, for the deceit I have spoken
to you. Forgive my impatience, intolerance, selfish¬
ness. I am guilty of distrust and petty suspicion.
I have slandered you and even hated you. Truly I
beseech your forgiveness. As for you, with all my
heart I forgive you." Imagine this happening every
year, in every Jewish community.
To you, your dear ones, and all your fellow men,
the full ness of God's blessings for a year of good
health, peace, and enduring love.
11
