CONSERVATIVE JUDAISM
IN THE UNITED STATES
... AND IN THE WORLD
The Jewish Theological Seminary is training
rabbis for the Conservative and dominant segment
of American Judaism. It is a seminary flourishing
between two Jewish worlds, the world of the Orth¬
odox Jew, committed to unchanging tradition, and
the world of the Reform Jew, committed to a tradi¬
tion of change.
From its cramped corner establishment at
122nd Street and Broadway in New York City,
the Seminary has dug deep American roots for its
ancient religion, and its graduates embody a dual
commitment to their Jewish and American identi¬
ties. It is the clear intention stated in its charter
of 1886: “the preservation in America of the knowl¬
edge and practice of historical Judaism.
With 750 affiliated rabbis directing Jewish
congregations, the Seminary stands at the heart of
Conservative Judaism; from the Seminary emerges
the very embodiment of the American clergyman,
a concerned, committed minister of God trying to
reinforce religious values in a secular environment.
Before admission to three years of graduate
study leading to ordination as a rabbi, the students
must spend one to three years in the preliminary
School of Judaica, where they concentrate on text
studies in Hebrew, the Bible, and the Talmud.
That intensive training period makes up deficien¬
cies in a student body of college graduates with a
variety of backgrounds.
They come from all sections of the country and
from such colleges as Columbia, Cornell, North¬
western, Minnesota, Boston University, Brandéis
and Brooklyn College — as did last fall's entering
class of twenty-one rabbinical students.
At the Seminary, the least forgivable sin is
poor scholarship, and as testimonials to this atti¬
tude, the faculty comprises an awesome group of
Jewish scholars. One third-year student recalled
his first Sabbath service at the Seminary: “I
looked with awe from the back of the room, real¬
izing that in the first three rows, probably the
greatest collection of Jewish scholars in the world
was sitting together and pra3dng!”
12
