No simple formula describes these future rabbis
. . . one motivation is universal. They are deter¬
mined to preserve the Jewish identity. They share
a deep conviction that religious Jews have some¬
thing important to contribute to America, and
they don’t want their fellow Jews to disappear in
the American melting pot.
Dr. Louis Finkelstein, the Seminary’s Chan¬
cellor and President and probably the most im¬
portant voice in American Judaism, refers to Jews
as the “witness people.” He described his feelings
after attending the coronation of Pope Paul VI
as a member of the official five member U. S. dele¬
gation. The first rabbi ever to fill such a function
reminded his students and faculty after his his¬
toric experience:
“Our ancient teachers were right in their ad¬
monition that there is a great world contribution
to be made only by those without power, who are
few in number, always a minority, uncertain of
their ability to meet alone the challenge of the
world . . . We are a pledge to remind the human
race of its true goal.”
Overall, the curriculum embraces traditional
studies in the Bible, Talmud, Hebrew, Codes of
Law, and Midrash (the method of using Scripture
as a source of instruction) and study of the broad
field of Jewish culture in history, philosophy, and
literature. But the Talmud is still king at the
Seminary, and even critics of the curriculum agree
that without the Talmud Judaism is not Judaism.
It is no surprise, then, that Dr. Saul Lieberman,
the world’s leading talmudic scholar, is the most
important man at the Seminary. Dr. Finkelstein
may be the Seminary’s brilliant spokesman, but
within its winding corridors, Dr. Lieberman wears
the crown of scholarship.
In the Library, whose 200,000 volumes and
10,000 manuscripts constitute the largest collec¬
tion of Judaica ever assembled, the librarian can
trace the wandering of Jews through the centuries
by telling the stories of individual manuscripts.
A book of prayer dates 1286 in German turned
up in Spain only to depart with the expulsion of
the Jews in 1492, moving to Egypt and making
the round trip to Germany in 1928. The manu¬
script was taken to Holland in the thirties, then
to England, and finally to America, where so
many Jewish scholars have found a haven.
Because of its crucial position, the Seminary
strikes out in many directions. Soon it will have
most of the important Jewish manuscripts in the
world available in microfilm. It built up the Jew¬
ish Museum collection, now housed on New York’s
Fifth Avenue. To train teachers in the Jewish
field, there is the Teachers’ Institute and Semi¬
nary School of Jewish Studies and the Women’s
Institute. The newest collegiate department — es¬
tablished in 1952 is the Cantor’s Institute and the
Seminary College of Jewish Music.
Excerpted from an article by
Edward Wakin in “The Sign”
vU ' vV > j *
V V V ri' V
On Sunday, February 23, 1913, in the large
assembly hall of the Jewish Theological Seminary,
Dr. Solomon Schechter called the United Syna¬
gogue of America into being.
“Blessed be he that cometh in the name of
the Lord” he welcomed the delegates to the or¬
ganizational meeting.
“It is in the name of the Lord that we have
invited you to join the United Synagogue of
America, which is entering upon its existence this
day. It is a real 'work of Heaven’ for which
I invite your attention and participation — a work
on which, in my humble opinion, depends the con¬
tinuance and the survival of traditional Judaism
in this country.”
Today we have 800 Congregations in the United
States and Canada, affiliates of the United Syna¬
gogue.
13
