MRS. BERNARD
STEGMAN
Bookkeeper
MRS. FLORENCE
ROBIN
Secretary
Administration
MRS. ESTHER
FISHLER
Secretary - Year Book
s,
y\jnagoguc
-C
enter
4i;
ministration
Being considered one of the outstanding Synagogue
Centers in the Southeast, we provide our membership
a dynamic and diversified program in every phase of
religious, educational, social, cultural and athletic ac¬
tivity. In glancing through our annual Year Book, a
brief summary in pictures and words depicts our year-
round activity with a view of our over-all program.
Your comments concerning our operation and your
continued support are always solicited.
Special thanks are due to our office personnel who
carry out the many details of your Synagogue Center
administration. My personal appreciation to Mrs. Ann
Stegman, Mrs. Florence Robin and Mrs. Esther Fish¬
ier for their devoted and untiring efforts on behalf of
our synagogue.
On behalf of the entire administrative staff we take
this opportunty of extending to our entire member¬
ship a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
ROBERT FISCHER
Executive Director
Robert Fischer, Executive Director
JSrief Scop
Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are held daily, morning and evening
in the Chapel. Friday Family Services, Sabbath and Holiday Services are observed in
the Sanctuary throughout the year.
Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish customs are observed in connec¬
tion with Circumcision, naming of girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat Mitzvah,
Confirmation, Marriages, Conversion of Judaism, Bereavement.
Education — Daily Kindergarten and Nursery with outstanding program of secular
and religious content. Hebrew School, carefully graded with intensive Hebrew content.
Sunday School, with a curriculum including Jewish history and customs, Solomon
Schechter Day School, a graded secular and Hebrew School, 1st through 5th grade.
Supplementary religious educational training is practiced in Pre-Jr., Junior, Teen
and Confirmation Congregation services and Minyan Clubs.
Extension Services — Library - outstanding collection of juvenile and adult Jewish
books; Adult Education - courses on religious and cultural Jewish subjects; Music -
a program of religious and cultural Jewish music; Sisterhood and Men’s Club render
valuable service to the Center and its members; Social Activities provided by Mr. and
Mrs. Club, Amity Club, “32 Club”, and Knights and Dames; Family Recreation Pro¬
gram (Olympic Pool), summer week-days and Sundays for all ages at our Campsite.
Youth Activities — ATID for college age youth, United Synagogue Youth, various age
levels are served by Center Youth League, Charles Palot Club, Major’s Pre-Teens,
Tween-Agers; Scouting - Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Brownies and Girl Scouts; Athletics -
programs for youth and adults; Day Camp - A nine week summer program at our 36
acre Campsite.
Family Recreation Program — Daily and weekends at Center Campsite . . . Athletics,
swimming, and snack bar is available during the summer months.
15
