A Message
One of the more important achievements of our
congregation during the past year has been our in¬
creased support of the Joint Seminary Campaign, the
chief beneficiary of which is the Jewish Theological
Seminary.
By now, most of the members of our congregation
realize that we are one of the leading synagogues in
the country. We have constantly intensified and im¬
proved our entire program to the point that it is recog¬
nized as one of the outstanding of its kind in the coun¬
try. The one area where our achievements have not
been outstanding, however, has been the area of sup¬
port for the Jewish Theological Seminary.
Fortunately, during the past year considerable
progress has been made in correcting this situation.
The Board of Directors unanimously adopted the Na¬
tional Enrollment Plan, which involves an assessment
of $10.00 on each member of the synagogue. Even
though the assessment was made late in the year, the
response of the congregation to this appeal was indeed
encouraging. It is hoped that the response during the
coming year will far surpass this initial effort.
In addition to the N.E.P. program, we conducted
for the second consecutive year a special solicitation
for larger contributions, the results of which exceeded
those of the previous year. Much credit for this suc¬
cess goes to Mr. Jack Becker, Chairman, and Mrs.
Joseph Wilensky, Co-Chairman of the committee. The
effort of the Sisterhood in its Torah Scholarship Cam¬
paign also exceeded the achievements of the past years.
Despite these improvements, we must do much
better. “But why?”, one might ask, especially in view
of the considerable other demands which are con¬
stantly being made upon the members of the Center.
Our congregation has enjoyed to the fullest its
participation in all phases of the movement, whether
it was the national and regional conventions, United
Synagogue Youth, Camp Ramah, Cavalcade lecture
series, etc. All of the Rabbis of our synagogue over
the past 40 years, with one exception, have been or¬
dained by the Jewish Theological Seminary. Most of
our textbooks are the projects of the intensive re¬
search and creativity of the United Synagogue Com¬
mission on Education.
More important, however, than the feeling of
obligation for past benefits should be our deeper con¬
cern for the future of Judaism in America. The great¬
est single force determining this future is Conserva¬
tive Judaism, and it is completely tied in with the
future of the Seminary. Whether or not the present
shortage of Rabbis and teachers will be alleviated
depends almost entirely upon the number of Rabbis
who will be ordained by the Seminary and the number
PHILIP SELBER, President
of teachers who will be graduated from its Teachers’
Institute.
Some congregations might attempt to “sluff off”
their more indirect responsibilities such as the Semi¬
nary in favor of their more direct pressing local needs
but a mature responsible congregation, such as ours,
must recognize all of its obligations and give to each
the priority it demands. Let us hope that the coming
year will witness an increased awareness of the needs
of the Joint Seminary Campaign and a greater dedi¬
cation to this cause by both the leadership and the
membership.
On behalf of the officers and members of the
Board of Directors and the Board of Trustees, may
we extend greetings to all of our members for a Happy
New Year, in the traditional words of “LESHANAH
TOVAH TIKATEVU”.
BURTON I. GROSSMAN
Chairman of the Board
17
