ADMINISTRATION (Continued from Page 15)
Jli,
ain tcnancc
CPI
To maintain the vast building which the
Center program uses for its many daily func¬
tions, we have the bus drivers listed below and
the staff pictured at the right, in addition to
part-time help composed of Frank Edwards and
Howell Toole.
These veterans and newcomers to the Cen¬
ter operation devote countless hours to seeing
that all functions are prepared for in the best
possible manner.
The kitchen is under the supervision of
Annie Mae Fort who has prepared tasty meals
for our children and members alike for the past
19 years. Also preparing tasty food at many
of the Center’s affairs and members’ Simhas are
two local caterers Elsie and Albert Meyerhoff
and Mrs. Mary Safer whose meals speak for
themselves.
Our appreciations to this loyal and devoted
maintenance, transportation and kitchen staff
who have given many years of unselfish service
to our Synagogue-Center complex.
Our loyal maintenance and kitchen crew as pictured serving a Board
Dinner. From left to right, Wilhelmina Scrivens, Annie Mae Fort,
Leroy Vaughn and Tim Riley.
nr
<J r
ransportatiopi
To transport our students from their schools and
homes to classes at the Center, our buses are con¬
stantly used to relieve the parents of driving to and
from the Center. Commencing in 1965-66 our buses
will provide transportation for Saturday return also
and Sunday morning pick-up for students attending
at 9:00 o’clock classes.
To make our transportation system operate as
safely as possible, we have Morris Montford with over
20 years employment with the Center; Eugene Davis,
a fifteen year veteran with our organization and Willie
Baldwin, who is now in his fourth year with the Center.
Filling in during peak hours in driving the buses, our
capable maintenance staff: Tim Riley, a veteran of
almost 20 years with the Center, and a newcomer,
Leroy Vaughn. The transortation system of routes
and maintenance is under the supervision of our
Transportation Committee, Herbert Lewitt, Chairman,
Lewis Ansbacher, Co-Chairman.
Left to right: Our station wagon used for small pick-ups and our three 66 passenger
buses and the drivers: Willie Baldwin, Morris Montford, and Eugene Davis.
31
