Camp Ramah
Camp Ramah began in 1947 as an experi¬
ment, piloted by a group of visionary pioneers,
who took the chance of enrolling 93 youngsters
the first season. Since then it has grown to a
network of six camps spread across the United
States and providing an experience of traditional
Jewish living in an atmosphere of normalcy, for
eight weeks each summer, for more than 2,000
youngsters from Conservative congregations. Ra¬
mah, no longer an experiment, is perhaps the
most dynamic movement in the Conservative
program for youth. Besides the Gordon award,
the Center offered eight scholarships for the
1965 summer season to High School students.
Mr. Alan Gordon presents a certificate of the Gordon Leadership Grant
to Sharon Raskin as Rabbi Turetsky looks on. Mrs. Samuel Gordon,
not in the picture, resides in Miami.
The following are the enrollment require¬
ments for Camp Ramah: Campers must be at
least nine years of age on opening day of camp;
all campers must be pursuing a Hebrew study
program at an accredited Hebrew School or its equiva¬
lent; Camp Ramah requires a transcript of the current
year's Hebrew school record before taking final action
on an application; all campers must be taking Hebrew
work appropriate to their age level and applicants
of high school age must take a written examination.
The students who attended Camp Ramah from
the Center this past summer are: Palmer — Carol
Gross, Barbara Talpalar and Barry Turetsky; Wing-
dale — Martin Berman, Ricki Gross, Charles Katz,
Donna Price, Sharon Raskin, Paula Saraga, Harry
Sinoff, Carolyn Steiner and Todd Price; Nyack — Ira
Brukner.
Our junior Minyan Club (pre-Bar Mitzvah age), which is under the
supervision of Leon Zucker. This group meets every Sunday at 9 a.m.
in the Synagogue. Jeffery Morris was named the outstanding student
of the junior Minyan Club.
M inyan Clubs
The two Sunday morning Minyan Clubs pic¬
tured on this page are made possible through the
combined efforts of the Education Department and
the Men's Club Minyan Committee who assist in
the serving of breakfast. Loyal members of the
Men's Club who have worked diligently on this
project are Morton Harris, Bernard Heyman, Dave
Silver and Phil Bernstein.
The senior Minyan Club is under the direction of Cantor A. Marton for all boys who have been Bar Mitzvah. This group
meets weekly in the Assembly Hall, with breakfast and Sunday School classes following. An award was given to Leon Talpalar
as the outstanding student in this Minyan Club with honorable mention going to Jack Bettman.
