c
enter
^5isterltood ddn ¿Z/^lction
Mrs. Louis Slott and Mrs. Helman Setzer
at monthly luncheon meeting.
Torah Fund affair at home of
Mrs. Herbert Lewitt
The year 1964-65 began with two highly successful events
during the first week of October. On October 5th, a delightful
Simhat Torah Tea was hostessed by several of our Sisterhood
members at the home of Mrs. Herbert Lewitt. Our State Pres¬
ident from Miami, Fla., Mrs. Harold Reinhard, and Rabbi
Turetsky were guest speakers.
Two days later a Fashion Show and Membership Tea
were the main attraction, gathering a large number of our
members for a beautiful afternoon of dress, fur and hat
fashions. This was chaired by Mrs. Mortimer Evans and Mrs.
Jack Price. The beautiful models were Mrs. Isadore Mosco-
vitz, Mrs. Melvin Newman and Mrs. Harris Shafton. Mrs.
Manuel Katz introduced the new members in a lovely cake¬
candlelighting ceremony.
At the November 4th meeting Rabbi Turetsky personally
narrated a narrative he had written, with tabloids staged by
our Program Chairmen.
The Hanukah Fair was a huge success. Foods, games and
white elephants were available to all, and game booths were
set up by the Center Youth groups.
The annual Paid-up Dinner Affair program was “The
Three Gifts”. It was presented beautifully under the direction
of Mrs. M. J. Reiser .
An Oneg Shabbat was held by the Sisterhood with the
Library Committee on February 20. Miss Minnie Schreiber
spoke to the group about our excellent Library and Mrs.
Sidney Entman presented a book review.
The closing luncheon featured “Mother’s Day” with prizes
given to the oldest mother, the mother with the most children
and the youngest mother. Mrs. Norman Slaff, President,
thanked Mrs. Lewis Ansbacher, outgoing Cultural Vice-Pres¬
ident, Mrs. Leo Jacobson and Mrs. Herbert Plotkin, outgoing
Program Chairmen, for their three year’s work in their offices.
She then announced that Mrs. Sheldon Gendzier had ac¬
cepted the office of Cultural Vice-President for next year. A
musical program was presented by Mrs. Frank Rosenberg and
Miss Rita Weinstein.
The annual Florida Branch Conference was held in Jack¬
sonville on May 10, 11 and 12 with Mrs. Louis Slott and Mrs.
Nathan Becker in charge of all arrangements. Mrs. Joel Fleet
presented a workshop on Israel affairs. Everyone agreed that
this was an outstanding Conference. The 1966 Conference will
be held at the Deauville Hotel in Miami Beach on May 2-4.
Sisterhood works very closely with our two United Syna¬
gogue Youth groups and sponsors the Girl Scouts and Brownie
Troops. This is the second year that we presented four scholar¬
ships for our youth to attend Camp Ramah. Funds which en¬
able us to fulfill our obligations to the Center are obtained
from the Gift Shop, sale of Candy, World Book Encyclopedia,
Leagrams and your Sisterhood dues. This year we are start¬
ing another beautiful family tablecloth and a cookbook with
recipes from our membership.
We are looking forward to another successful year with
your continued support. Please join us at all meetings. We of
Sisterhood wish you and your loved ones a very good year.
Sisterhood Concert Committee pictured at the Annual Concert on Jan. 11, 1965
37
