Religious Education
TED GROSS, Principal
One of the important long-range goals of religious education is develop¬
ment of disciplined behavior. We are living in an age when mass hysteria
is excused on a basis that this is a way young people let off steam. In an
era when Jews have attained a cultural percentage of one third despite a
numerical minority, the signs, unfortunately, indicate that American Jews
are on the decline. The religious school, therefore, has a double role: of
building disciplined standards for the teen-age youth and a greater sense
of loyalty to the values of our tradition.
The beauty of our tradition is shown by significant innovations in the
intensive programs of our school department.
The formation of a 4th and 5th grade for our Foundation School, which
will now be known as the Solomon Schechter Day School shows that our
parents realize the value of day by day Jewish living. They have special
pride in seeing the joy these children feel in their religious as well as secular
activities of ths department.
JACK
SHORSTEIN,
Chairman
MRS. HANA
ROSENZWEIG
Secretary
Education can often be a more meaningful inspiration when it can take
advantage of a difficult situation and turn it into a positive factor. Since
there is no official Torah reader for the Congregation, the school has intensi¬
fied the Bar Mitzvah training program by allowing exceptional students to
read Torah portions at their Bar Mitzvah celebrations. This has now become
the standard for the best trained of our Bar Mitzvah candidates. It is inter¬
esting to note that children have taken this challenge to read more than
expected.
Another area of turning a lack into an advantage is the preparation
of local materials. Textbooks for Jewish education often reflect too many
diverse viewpoints. In order to adapt them to our school, our staff was chal¬
lenged to write workbooks which would meet our local needs. This will
create a situation of greater living experiences. Because of this approach,
new courses were added to our curriculum such as Philsophy to the Sunday
High School Department and Classical Literature to the Hebrew High
School Department.
(Continued on Page 77)
DR. NATHAN
SCHNEIDER,
Co-Chairman
75
