O-*fidJ JK
evnona
l JZd
ret ru
Librarians Mrs. Philip Selber,
Mrs. B. Glossman
Assistant to
Librarians Mrs. A. Boatwright
Library Committee
Chairman Miss Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman Miss Rita Gendzier
Cataloger Mrs. Harold Newman
Classification Mr. Leo Meizlik,
Miss Sylvia Laidman, Mr. Jack Becker
Publicity Mr. Howard Haber
Special Events .. Mrs. Nathan Schneider
Projects Mrs. Jack Dreher
Mrs. Philip Selber, Miss Minnie Schreiber, Mrs. Bernard Glossman and
Mrs. Archie Boatwright
The Tofield Memorial Library has a collection
of almost 3,000 books in English, Hebrew and Yiddish.
There is a wide selection of books of Jewish content
for young and old, for pleasure and study, for reference
and research.
The Library is open Monday through Thursday
from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. and on Wednesday evening
in conjunction with the Adult Institute program.
A new project started this past summer was pro¬
viding books for the campers during the summer.
An “Oneg Shabbat” featuring the books of the
Library was held with the Sisterhood in January of
this year.
IIIIIIIIII mi II mi nnnnnn nnni nnnnnnnnnnnnnnn nnnnn nnnnnni nnni nnnnn nnnnnnn nnnnnnn
^\Jonr
n acj oq//e
A dictionary gives concise and correct definitions. Popular
notions, however, are not always correct or definitive. The
following represents some statements concerning the meaning
of the word “Synagogue.” Underline your choice. Which would
he your definition?
1. A synagogue is a place to which I send my children. It’s
good for them.
2. A synagogue is like a clinic. You need it for emergencies.
Even if nothing happens there, except in an emergency —
it’s worth having.
3. A synagogue is a fine place for my parents to go. Keeps
them occupied. It’s good for other people’s parents too.
4. A synagogue is an organization I have to join when my
son gets near Bar Mitzvah age. The time element is important.
I join only when I “have to.”
5. A synagogue is a good place to rent for my family cele¬
brations. And when I rent it — I take over! Don’t want to be
bothered about rules and regulations.
6. A synagogue is a business proposition. If education is
costly — cut it down! If expansion of facilities and activities
mean that I have to extend myself too much then I’ll stand
pat and talk about the “high cost of religion.”
7. A synagogue is a membership organization, not a com¬
munity. Once I pay my dues (which in most cases doesn’t
amount to 10 per cent of the money spent on refreshments and
entertainment), I’ve done my share. Don’t tell me about carry¬
ing the share of those in the community who can’t. Don’t tell
me that a membership in a synagogue amounts to good citizen¬
ship in a community, and that I have to bear my just share
of the cost of its operation.
8. A synagogue is a community responsibility to be demo¬
cratically administered. It should reflect the wants and needs
of our people and be regarded as the central institution in the
Jewish community. It is a public trust and a public utility
which I support, not as a matter of philanthropy but as a
civic responsibility! I maintain it in dignity because I parti¬
cipate in its life.
67
