ATID- C oHcg¡e ^\joutlr
ATID, organized in July of this year, is the newest
addition to the organizational ladder of the Center.
Under the chairmanship of Dr. Harry Yergin, and with
the guidance of Mr. Philip Selber and Rabbi Turetsky
preliminary plans for activating such a group were
discussed early in the year.
The first meeting of the new group was called for
June 14 at the Center Campsite and the size of the
attendance plus the enthusiasm of the college students
were encouraging evidence that the project would be
be a fruitful one. A series of weekly discussion meet¬
ings on subjects of contemporary interest to Jewish
college students was planned. At a different home each
Tuesday evening the members met for an evening of
intellectual exchange and refreshment and from this
initial programming more ambitious projects have
developed.
Study retreats, periodic news letters to all members
during the school year and additional opportunities
for discussion forums are among the future plans of
our ATID group.
In August application was made to the national
ATID, the college age affiliate of the United Syna¬
gogue of America, for affiliation and the Center group
is now being chartered.
ATID MEMBERS SHOWN AT A WEEKLY DISCUSSION GATHERING
Back row: Fred Shenkman, Jack Fleet, Jerry Cohen, Phyllis Glossman, Michael Schneider, Anita Mesnick,
Linda Halpern, Gail Grossman, Sharon Harris, Dave Dorman, Sheila Kramer.
Seated in front: Marvin Slott, Eddie Mizrahi, Phyllis Lippman, Cliff Goodman, Sandra ’Agress, Cheryl
Morse, Phyllis Schemer and Charlet Lind.
ATI D
Sandra ’Agress, Steve Albert, Edward Baker, Richard
Browdy, Karen Caslar, Jerry Cohen, Joy Dean, Dave
Dorman, Sheila Fages, Carole Fishier, Jack Fleet,
Phyllis Glossman, Cliff Goodman, Alan Gradman, Gail
Grossman, Linda Halpern, Jordan Harris, Sharon
Harris, Judy Horovitz, Sheila Kramer, Susan Krivan,
Ann Lefkowitz, Charlet Lind, Jerry Linsey, Phyllis
Vlemb ers nip
Lippman, Mike Mack, Julian Mack, Anita Mesnick,
Eddie Mizrahi, Cheryl Morse, Carole Nathan, Sandy
Newman, Delcy Pardo, Carolyn Sachs, Jerry Safer,
Phyllis Schemer, Michael Schneider, Fred Shenkman,
Sandy Shmunes, Lauren Silverberg, Chuck Slott,
Marvin Slott, Marilyn Weintraub, Rosalyn Weintraub,
Ronnie Whitfield, Bruce Yergin and Natalie Zadoff.
69
