ScLol <^oli
ovnon
clrecltíer ¿JC^avj cfiool
1964-65 Teaching Staff: Seated: Mrs. Leo Mos¬
kovitz, Director, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Zucker. Stand¬
ing: Mrs. Nathan Sandler, Mrs. Herbert Plotkin,
Mrs. Perry Mibab.
Now in its fourth year of operation, the Center
Foundation School was recently recognized by
the United Synagogue as an approved Solomon
Schechter Day School. With this high recognition
the Day School will assume the new name com¬
mencing with the 1965-66 term, which will also
initiate the fourth and fifth grades.
“In 1956 two Solomon Schechter Day Schools were opened,
one under the auspices of the Philadelphia branches of the
United Synagogue and the Rabbinical Assembly, and another
under the joint auspices of nine Conservative congregations
in Central Queens, New York City. A third day school was
organized that year by the East Midwood Jewish Center.
“Other day schools had been organized in previous years by
Temple Beth El of Rockaway Park, New York; Anshe Emet
of Chicago; Shaare Zion of Montreal; and Adath Israel of
Montreal. In addition, foundation schools were being con¬
ducted by congregations in Jacksonville, Florida; Houston,
Texas; Staten Island, New York; and Toronto, Canada
from: A History of the United Synagogue
of America
3rd Grade Foundation School students pic¬
tured in front of the Ark in the Synagogue.
Mrs. Leo Moskovitz is the class teacher.
Completing the first grade of the Foundation School The second grade as shown above was taught by Mrs.
were the above students under the direction of Mrs. Herbert Plotkin.
Nathan Sandler.
4iiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii(iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiliiil|liliiliiiiiiliiiiiiiiliiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiaiiiliiiiiaiiiliiiiiiiiiilliiiiiliiiiiaiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
The staff for the 1965-66 term will include:
Secular — Mrs. Leo Moskovitz, Mrs. Nathan
Sandler, Mrs. Herbert Plotkin and Mrs. Norman
Moss; Hebrew — Mr. and Mrs. Leon Zucker, Mrs.
Jack Manasse and Mrs. Perry Mibab, with Mrs.
Sheldon Gendzier as Administrator.
95
