XJLnitcd
'unacjocjuc
(~^enter ^X^outli jCea^
nc
1965-66 CYL OFFICERS
Standing, Jack Mizrahi, 1st Vice-President; Leonard Selber, President; Miss Rita
Weinstein, Advisor; Donald Safer, Treasurer. Seated: Beverly Hart, 3rd Vice-Presi¬
dent; Mendy Marks, 2nd Vice-President; Dolly Fleet, Corresponding Secretary and
Peggy Cohen, Recording Secretary.
C. Y. L. (Center Youth League) is an organization affil¬
iated with United Synagogue Youth, whose main interests
are closely associated with the Synagogue plus a varied
program of cultural, social and athletic activities.
The total aims of the USY program itself may be sum¬
med up in the words “Bring the Youth Back to the Syna¬
gogue.”
This past year was a busy one for our USY’ers with the
upcoming year even more active. Opening the season the
returning LTI’ers presented a skit learned at the ten day
encampment. From there our young people went on a
round of meetings, social activities, a car wash and a suc¬
cessful macaroon sale for Passover.
The second Annual National Send-Off Convention in
December showed our USY’ers at their best. The Conven-
Richard Browdy, last year’s recipient of the Best USY’er
Award, presenting the same award to Leonard Selber and
their Advisor Rita Weinstein presenting the Best Girl
USY’er Award to Judy Horovitz.
A scene from the play, “Saturday at the Cohens.” Left
to right, Judy Horovitz, Richard Browdy, Phyllis Glossman,
Jack Mizrahi, Sheila Kramer, Charles Slott, Anita Mesnick,
and Cheryl Sussman.
tion featured ice-skating at the Coliseum, several interesting
workshops and an informative talk by Philip Selber.
In March a delegation journeyed to Miami by chartered
bus to attend the Regional Convention. This was climaxed
by one of our local USY’ers, Jack Mizrahi, being awarded
an Israeli Pilgrimage.
The high point of the year was the annual USY Banquet in
May. The USY Thespians presented “Saturday at the
Cohens” to a large and receptive audience under the direc¬
tion of Mrs. M. J. Reiser. The J-Notes provided the music
for dancing.
Judy Horovitz and Leonard Selber received awards as the
outstanding girl and boy USY’er for 1964-65. Miss Rita
Weinstein will continue to serve as Advisor for 1965-66.
Ill
