Youth Activities
At the Center a great deal of emphasis is placed on the proper training
and direction of the current youth in the congregation today, and for that
reason there are Center youth clubs and organizations for children of every
age level.
Always striving to improve our youth program, the Youth Committee
this past year added to its staff the part time services of George Glossman
to assist with the over-all youth program at our Synagogue. Under the super¬
vision of Robert Fischer and the assistance of George Glossman, our youth
program is destined to even greater heights during the coming year. The
following lay people are serving in various posts to plan for the youth of our
congregation:
SSSSBSK sIÍTOMWWWBmBWBI
ROBERT FISCHER
DR. HARRY I. YERGIN
Dr. Harry Yergin, a past Cubmaster and
Scoutmaster and father of very active USY
members, serves as the Chairman of the Cen¬
ter Youth Commission and in that capacity
coordinates all youth activities and sets
standards for future goals. Representing the
Sisterhood on the Youth Committee is Mrs.
Leon Schinasi, a former Girl Scout Chair¬
man. Her organization helps to sponsor and
finance part of our youth program.
With the cooperation of such devoted vol¬
unteer advisors as S. Robert Shorstein, Rita
Weinstein, Rene Slott and Evelyn Brauner,
the USY program continues to show improve¬
ment in every endeavor.
GEORGE GLOSSMAN
C3e*iier
o
raanizations
CENTER YOUTH LEAGUE (CYL) — A co-ed USY Chap-
ter for 11th and 12th graders, meeting every 2nd and 4th
Sunday with varied programs from September to May.
CHARLES PALOT CLUB (CPC) — USY Chapter for 9th
and 10th grade boys and girls, meeting throughout the
school year on the 2nd and 4th Sunday at the Center.
MAJOR’S PRE-TEENS — A co-ed youth club for 7th and
8th graders with its programs geared to this pre-teen
level with varied social, religious and athletic functions
held monthly.
TWEEN-AGERS — Boys and girls of the 5th and 6th grades
participate monthly in this, our youngest club.
To this list is also added our sponsorship of BOY SCOUTS
(Troop 14), CUB SCOUTS (Pack 14), GIRL SCOUTS
(Troops 6 & 193) and BROWNIE TROOPS (219 & 269).
m
mum
■"//'/'//'/'////A
SSmm
|
mmm
wSASmmm
'''''/A
ASM.
Advisors meeting to discuss USY plans with the incoming Presidents of CYL and CPC,
Leonard Selber and Eliot Safer (at the extreme ends of the picture). The USY Board
includes from left to right: George Glossman, Rita Weinstein, Robert Fischer, Rene
Slott and Evelyn Brauner.
109
