Boy Scout Troop Pictured with Dr. Harry
With a change of Scoutmasters, the Center Boy
Scout Troop continued its varied and full program.
Henry Lasris became the new Scoutmaster, with Dr.
Harry Yergin stepping up to Youth Committee Chair¬
man.
The Troop continues to be among the top outfits
in the Mohawk District with the following accom¬
plishments during 1964-65:
Several overnight hikes during the year included
trips to Ocala for the annual Camporee, a trip to
Camp Echokotee, a short-lived Camporee at Lake
Hampton and a weekend at the Center Campsite.
Eight boys received the Ner Tamid award in special
ceremonies during Scout Sabbath this past spring:
Earl Berman, Charles Trager, Ricky Goldstein, Lee
Lasris, Ira Price, Marc Gradman, Jeff Goldstein,
Randy Silverberg. Dr. Yergin again deserves many
thanks for working with this class.
Martin Berman and Gary Wolfson became Eagle
Scouts in May 1962.
1965 Ner Tamid Award Recipients with Rabbi Turetsky,
Dr. Yergin and Henry Lasris
Yergin and Henry Lasris, Scoutmaster
Ted Freedman, Institutional Representative
and Dr. Harry Yergin shown at the
Annual Scout Banquet.
Troop 14 sent 18 boys to a week at Camp Echokotee
where they studied scouting requirements both for
advancement and merit badges. While at Camp, Jeff
Goldstein and Scoutmaster Henry Lasris were tapped
out for the Order of the Arrow. This is an honor
group which a boy may join only if elected by mem¬
bers of his troop. The troop made arrangements for
kosher food this year, courtesy of the Center and the
delicious cooking of Annie Mae. Needless to say we
were the envy of the camp which found the counselors
competing for the privilege of being our guest at each
meal.
Three weeks later, Gary Wolfson, Martin Berman,
Jeffrey Goldstein, Charles Trager, Ira Price, and
Marc Gradman joined a group of Scouts for a trip to
the much heralded Camp Philmont in Arizona. This is
a rugged two week session of hiking in the mountains
where they carry everything they need on their backs.
Troop 14 is looking forward to another active year.
Any boy of age 11 or more is invited to join
117
