1965 Chenier
Byron Morris, Co-Chairman
Robert Lasris, Co-Chairman
Completing the 20th season of the Center Day
Camp this past August 13 were over 200 youngsters
and a staff of 64. With the conclusion of the nine-week
camping session, the highlight was the annual Award
Night with the following campers receiving the best
camper awards in their respective groups: Tadpoles
Boys, Bradley Hacker; Girls, Leslie Esman; Midget
Boys, Richie Maslow; Girls, Phyllis Silver; Junior
Boys, Joel Morris; Girls, Jeri Jarchower; Senior Boys,
Scott Baker; Girls, Pam Fayne.
Instituted this past year were athletic patches
which campers received for mastering various sports,
in addition to the best camper trophies listed above.
Judo and Karatee were added to our diversified
program and much enthusiasm was shown by the older
boys and the junior girls for this defensive art. The
closing weeks included Color War and outings to
places of interest. The staff and the Day Camp Com¬
mittee look forward to their third year at the new
36 acre Campsite with many added improvements and
the constant addition of new and varied activities to
Our Counselor-in-training Class with their Instructor, Mrs.
Linda Fischer. The Best C.I.T. awards for the boys went to
Beanie Caslar, Mark Rosner and Mark Becker. The girls awards
were copped by Janice Hoffenberg, Sheila Mesnick and Beth
Lesnik.
our schedule. The four campers swimming three miles
during the summer were Doug Engel, Diane Dreher,
Marc Grauer, and Scott Baker.
1965 DAY CAMP STAFF
Director, Robert Fischer; Specialists, Elaine Brukner, Mrs. Robert Fischer, Rodney Margol, Mark Lodinger, Mendy Marks,
Anita Mesnick, Mrs. Richard Nykerk and Mrs. M. J. Reiser; Waterfront, Pool Director, Benjie Felder, Lynn Tieslau and Marvin
Slott; Skiing Directors, Bruce Yergin, Barry Setzer; Senior Counselors, Lane Berkwit, Jerry Cohn, Jack Fleet, Rozzie Goldstein,
Marilyn Halpern, Judy Horovitz, Madelyn Levin, and Fred Shenkman; Assistant Counselors, Ellen Grauer, Pam Reich, Avery
Weiss; Advanced CIT’s, Jack Bettman, Phil Berdit, Harvey Eber, Susan Gendzier, Marc Gradman, Holly Lodinger, Jeff Marks,
Shelley Newman, Sandy Reich and Irvin Weinstein.
123
