River Garden Players Present Minstrel Show
President Samuel J. Thier
Executive Vice-President &
Chairman Admissions Sheldon Gendzier
Vice-President & Co-Chairman
Admissions S. William Goldstein
Vice-President & Co-Chairman
Admissions Donald D. Cohn
Vice-President & Co-Chairman
Public Relations Albert Kofka
Co-Chairman Public Relations William Goldman
Vice-President & Chairman
Residents Welfare Mrs. David Meyerhardt
Vice-President & Medical
Director Dr. Harry Yoffee
Secretary Norman Hofheimer
Treasurer Sol Katz
Auditors Ben Hoffenberg
Sam Gibbs
Chairman Board of Trustees &
Honorary President Arthur J. Gutman
Aging is fast becoming everyone’s business as the miracles
of modern medicine extend the life span beyond the biblical
three score and ten. The startling facts are that there are now
over 10,000 individuals in the United States whose verified
age is a hundred plus.
The implications and impact on family and community
Samuel J. Thier, President
responsibility become very significant since most people reach¬
ing the 8th decade of their lives begin to need help in their
daily patterns of living as well as more medical care. When
these needs become more than the family, or the community,
can provide River Garden stands ready to serve with its highly
specialized professional program.
Programming at the Home means more than the medical¬
nursing services of a hospital. It incorporates a broad gamut
of activities to enrich the lives of the residents to give them
that intangible motivation that life can still have meaning
despite the handicaps and debility of illnesses. Even mental
and emotional changes which occur so frequently in the aged
are accepted as a process of decline which can well be man¬
aged at River Garden. The success of this phase of the pro¬
gram can well be measured by the fact that very few aged
patients of Jewish faith are in the Florida State Hospitals.
Providing a satisfactory way of life for the aging in a
society which is youth oriented is indeed a challenge. The
problems are deeply embedded in the whole fabric of the
American culture. In its limited scope of caring for those who
cannot care for themselves, River Garden has evolved a philo¬
sophy of care which embodies the basic values of the Torah
and the highly developed professionalism of today.
HARRY'S MEN'S & BOYS' WEAR
MR. & MRS. 1. H. PERLMAN
Green Cove Springs, Florida
PHONE 284-4915
ROSE LIND
Jeweler
809 LOMAX ST. 355-5077
DURHAM LUMBER & APPLIANCE CO.
B U 1 L D 1 N G M A T E R 1 A L S FHA TERMS
5914 Norwood Ave. 764-9541
Compliments of
Charles L. Wells
JEWELERS
220 WEST ADAMS PHONE 355-9548
SIGMUND'S
PHILIPS HIGHWAY PLAZA
Open Evenings 'til 9 398-8472
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
175
