<^/Vaí/ofta/ C^ounci l of Jewish CW<
onnci,
Jacksonville Section
ornen
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Joel Goldman
Vice-President Mrs. Paul J. Witten
Vice-President Mrs. Melvin Esman
Vice-President - Mrs. William Geiger
Vice-President Mrs. Morris Elterman
Corres. Secretary Mrs. Robert Coleman
Treasurer Mrs. Bernard Kaye
Recording Secretary Mrs. Stanley Vandroff
Financial Secretary Mrs. Sydney Weiss
The members of the Jacksonville Section of the
National Council of Jewish Women give to the com¬
munity their time and whole-hearted efforts in a
variety of needed services. We ask the community
to help us with the means to carry these projects for¬
ward:
OFFICERS OF N. C. J. W.
1. Juvenile Shelter — We are the only civic group
offering planned, year-round programs and activi¬
ties for children who desperately need help.
2. Mental Health Fair — Our annual program and
seminar, jointly sponsored with the Mental Health
Association of Duval County, is designed to in¬
crease public understanding in this field.
3. Teachers’ Aid — In cooperation with the excep¬
tional children’s department of the Duval County
Board of Public Instruction, our trained members
aid classroom teachers with academic instruction
of children with speech and hearing handicaps. In
addition, our Tribute Fund donated four hearing
aids for indigent children last year.
4. Women in Community Services (WICS) — We
screen underprivileged girls ages 16 thru 21 for
the Job Corps Training Centers.
5. Sewing Committee — We make layettes for dis¬
tribution to the needy.
6. Medical Loan Shelf — Through the Visiting Nurse
Association, we supply hospital and sick room
equipment to the indigent in our community.
7. Senior Citizens Program — We sponsor “Education
Day” for Senior Citizens. Leading doctors and
social workers conduct this free program for all
Senior Citizens groups.
Our members are most willing to continue these
services to the community. We feel that the commun¬
ity is just as willing to support us in continuing and
expanding our services. Therefore, during our annual
fund raising drive, we appeal to you for a contribu¬
tion.
C7L <£
venino
N. C. J. W.
Chairman Mrs. Gertrude Patterson
Liason with Day Group Miss Bertha Levison
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Pete Rosenblum
Treasurer Mrs. Minna Geller
The Evening Group of N. C. J. W. meeets monthly at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and provides programs at River Garden, makes educational
cards for the speech and hearing school program, packs toys and supplies
for Israeli kindergartens and also packs boxes of supplies for the Duval
Medical Center.
“THE JEWISH BOOK CONCERN”
BLOCH PUBLISHING CO.
31 W. 31st St. NEW YORK
MARVIN'S BEAUTY SALON
2725 COLLEGE ST. 387-5940
LAKEWOOD CHILDREN'S SHOP
398-8828
1571 UNIVERSITY BLVD. WEST
KING SALES CO.a INC.
BEN CARLIN
580 College St. 355-2633
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
185
