• United Synagogue Summer Programs
USY ON WHEELS This six and a half week
cross country tour affords teenagers, ages 14V£ to
18, the opportunity to see many of the exciting sites
in the U.S. and Canada while living a fully Jewish
life. Each bus of 45 teens has a chance to visit their
peers and experience Conservative Judaism in North
America. Rachel Mizrahi, Lisa Schneider and
Morry Safer participated.
USY ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE This is a unique opportunity for
young people ages 15 to 18 to visit Israle. Based in Jerusalem, each
of our groups travels the country experiencing their Jewish heritage.
Some of the highlights of the trip are the JNF forest project, lectures
by outstanding personalities and the Tzedakah Awareness program. In addition to spending a delightful summer with
their Israeli peers, our Pilgrims also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling companions throughout the United
States and Canada. Marcy Rubens, Lee Kaplan, Laura Jaffa and Tillie Moskovitz participated in the
exciting Israel-Poland educational tour. Melissa Brodsky participated in the “March of the Living” tour to Poland
sponsored by BBG.
USY ISRAEL
PILGRIMAGE
LTI Leadership Training Institute/
Summer Encampment
Summers are topped off with a unique experience at Camp
Blue Star for one week during the month of August. Teenagers
from 7th grade and up are encouraged to take the opportuni¬
ty to participate in this program which includes informal
classes and discussion groups, cultural activities and special
evening activities in addition to a full range of camp sports
and social activities. The camp provides two unique programs:
1) Kadima, grade 7 & 8 and 2) USY, grade 9 through
12.
RAMAH IN ISRAEL SEMINAR This six week
Jewish teen program for those who have completed
the 11th grade is an exciting tour of Israel. The teens
study, travel and visit amy kibbutzim. A fabulous
weekend is spent at the first Conservative Jewish
Kibbutz—Kibbutz Hanaton. The educational process
extends far beyond the formal classes; it is a living
experience. Aron Greenburg participated.
143
