• Cub Scout Pack 14
Krunchers
Wise Distributors
of Jacksonville, Inc.
Food Distributors
Telephone 737-2744
6006 Richard St.
Jacksonville, Florida
POTATO CHIPS
David Silverberg
Cub Scout Pack 14 had a great year. We have fond memories of a
busy time of weekly den meetings and monthly pack meetings to show
the other Cubs and their families what was learned during the month.
The Cubs ran a recycling box during the Sunday Basketball League,
had an indoor campfire, Knights of the Round Table Tournament and
Pinewood Derby car race. The boys loved the field trips to the air show
and bankruptcy court (and jail), not to forget the Blue and Gold Banquet.
Of course, there was much more. Our Cubs (2nd-5th grade) would like
to express their appreciation to the volunteers who keep our pack going.
Scouting’s success is dependent on the degree of volunteers it is able
to attract. Cub Scout 14 has been blessed over the past years with two
of the best Jacksonville has to offer. Carole Goldberg and Lanny Zim¬
merman have served the pack with all their hearts and in return have
won the love and respect of all those who have had the honor of working
side by side with them. To help a boy succeed in Cub Scouts, you don’t
have to be an expert in Cub Scouting. He does need guidance, enthusiasm
and participation—Lanny and Carol have done just that and so much
more. We love you.
Please call the Center office for information in joining the pack that
never quits. Cub Scout Pack 14.
Yours in scouting,
Cindy Demri
P.S. To the Jacksonville Jewish Center: It would be hard to find another
sponsor so accommodating to all our needs—Thank you to all the staff
for your support this year.
Pack Committee:
Cindy Demri
Chairperson
Anne DePaul
Unit Commissioner
Carole Goldberg
Scouting Coordinator
Jane Feber
Secretary
Lanny Zimmerman
Cubmaster
Jim Richman
Cubmaster
Pack Committee
DEN 1: Cindy Demri & Shirley Jemigan,
leaders
DEN 2: Margo & Art Crafton, leaders
DEN 3: Dr. Millie Tannen & Arlene Slaukin,
leaders
WEBLOS: Bob Fleet & Ricky Wolfson,
leaders
m
n
146
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
