• Message from Rabbi David Gaffney
The synagogue is the oldest existing institution in Jewish life. It dates back to
the first exile to Babylonia, in 587 B.C.E. Some scholars even suggest that the
synagogue is older than this. We have ample archeological evidence of synagogues
in the ancient world from Israel to Egypt, Syria, Turkey and Italy. The role of the
synagogue was always changing and in some respects the various names given
to designate the Jewish House of Worship reflected those changes.
The synagogue was called a Bet-ha-knesset, which means a gathering place; a
place of coming together. The word synagogue, from the Greek meaning a place
of assembly, essentially, means the same thing. It emphasizes the communal aspect
of Jewish prayer which is not only a reaching up to God, but a reaching out to
other Jews. You can turn to God alone, but for a Jewish service you need a Minyan.
That’s why we have appointed times for services—not because God keeps office
hours, but because we come to synagogue to find other Jews to pray with. That
is why we read someone else’s words at services instead of trying to come up with
our own—so that by offering the same words, separate individuals can become
one in prayer.
Another designation for the synagogue is—Bet Tefillah, a house of prayer. . . the
means by which a people worships God. Calling the synagogue a temple was a
bold political act. The word “temple” had traditionally been reserved for the Temple in Jerusalem, the Bet Mikdash,
the holy site where God was served with animal offerings. The synagogue, or the Bet Tefillah—the house of prayer
was where we offered words while waiting for the Temple in Jerusalem to be rebuilt. The early Reform Jews called
their houses of prayers temples as a way of declaring they no longer looked forward to a restored Temple. Berlin and
Paris, New York and Cincinnati were their new Jerusalems. Like so many political gestures which were once shocking¬
ly bold, using the word temple to designate a house of worship has become commonplace and even some Orthodox
congregations call their buildings temples.
Another word that was used was Bet Midrash—a house for the study of Torah. This reflects the fact that in various
periods of Jewish history the study aspect predominated in the designation of what a synagogue was all about. An expres¬
sion of this is the way our parents would call a synagogue—a shul which was the simple Yiddish word for school. The
synagogue was a place, not only for children but for adults. One learned from the Torah reading that a commentary is
to be consulted, from the books that lined the bookcases along the wall, from the many gatherings which would take place
where Jews taught other Jews the Torah, Mishnah, Talmud and other classic Jewish texts. It emphasized the important
component of Jewish education and the study of Torah as essential to Jewish life.
In the twentieth century the synagogue center was born so that social, recreational, communal and education elements
might be enjoyed by members of die congregation in one setting.
Today the synagogue fulfills all of the above functions (as it probably always did)—a gathering place, a holy site and
a place of learning. Certainly our own Jacksonville Jewish Center fulfills these functions to the benefit of our congregation
and community. That is one of the reasons that I think our Center exists; so that families and individuals could come
together and do together those things that no Jew and Jewish family should ever be left to have to do alone. At our services
and in our classes; in our lifecycle celebrations and in our gatherings we recognize that Judaism was not meant to be
observed by individuals or by individual families. It was fashioned for communities of people. Shabbatot and holy days
celebrated by yourself are inevitably empty days. Shabbot and Yomtov celebrated with others magically transforms us
from individual Jews to a Jewish community.
I think that the synagogue represents something in addition to the above. Whatever the impulse, experience has shown
that without the synagogue, the touchstone of Jewish life, all other activities in which the Jewish community engages become
trivial. Yes, there are institutions that serve the fundamental values of the Jewish people... concern for one another, reverence
for the elderly, etc. But it is the synagogue which directs us to these values and urges us to further those institutions that
make Jewish life and Jewish values possible.
We also come to the synagogue to probe our weakness and strength, to consider the gap between what we practice
and what we profess. We come to the synagogue to quiet the turbulence of our heart; to engage in self-renewal and regenera¬
tion, to make sure that we remain sensitive and conscioius of the source of all being which we call God. We are enriched
by our connections to the core of our collective life... the synagogue and we become impoverished in its neglect. What
unites us in our common history, in our common culture and in our common faith and hope is the synagogue. Without
holiness, without prayer, without study and without the great moment of Sabbath and holidays we would become a faint
image of the community and people we were intended to be.
As we begin a new year may we be inspired to find ourselves doing those things the synagogue represents—in our gathering
and in our study, in our worship and in our celebration. May we never forget the synagogue’s purpose so that we become,
as is described in the book of Exodus,—“a kingdom of priests and a holy nation.”
From our family to yours a healthy, fulfilling Shanah Tovah—a year of blessing, health, joy and peace. Amen.
Rabbi David and
Inge Gaffney
5
