• Adult Education1
• Center Raffle
Adult Education at the
Jacksonville Jewish
Center continues to ex¬
pand to meet the needs of
members. The wide varie¬
ty of programs include:
Hebrew Literacy, with two
of the popular one-day
crash courses, Torah and
Haftorah reading; Begin- Penina Schram enthralls
ner’s Minyan; Adult the audience with her
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Class; storytelling.
Sisterhood book reviews,
video presentations and lectures/classes with Rabbi
Gaffney. The “Firing Line” Magazine Discussion
Group met to discuss current topics which included
such diverse topics as: “Seeking Jewish Converts,”
and “Black/Jewish Relations.”
The Setzer-Levit program featured storyteller,
Pennina Schram author of Jewish Stories One
Generation Tells Another. The annual Shab-
baton brought an inspirational weekend with Rabbi
David Wolpe, author of The Healer of Shattered
Hearts: a Jewish View of God.
The full adult education program at the Center con¬
tinues to flourish with an ever increasing number of
Center havurot, Jewish book clubs, and activities for
singles.
Shabbaton Weekend: L-R—Rabbi David Gaffney,
Lillie Ray Levy, Shabbaton co-chair, Rabbi David
Wolpe, speaker, Harriet Brodsky, Shabbaton
co-chair.
Many members enjoy the Hebrew Crash
Course and other adult education
programs
“The Not So Newlywed Game”
It was fun, fun, fun at the Center’s annual raffle
as Laurie DuBow played host to five candid couples
who told it all—Elaine and Jack Koolik, Linda and
Ralph Kunsberg, Marsha and Ronnie Pollock, Marche
and Abe Rogozinski and the mystery couple Arlene
Friedman and Robert Cantor. It was laugh, laugh,
laugh all night long.
More than 400 people enjoyed the entertainment,
food and most of all, the prizes.
Laurie DuBow asks a provocative question and gets
an outrageous answer.
Raffle chairs, llene Selevan and Renee Gordon pre¬
sent d gift to Laurie for a job well done.
The winners are: Grand Prize-$7500-Evan Yegelwel;
$1000-Bemie Coombs; $500 Wendy Brezin & Gary
Kresel; $200 each-Dr. Sheldon Kaplan, Sophie
DuBow, Jeryl Katz, Irwin Gendzier, Sylvid Weiss;
$100-Maiman Kids; VCR-Judge Raymond and
Mickey Ehrlich.
21
