• Solomon Schechter P.T.A.
CHICAGO STYLE
Pizza & Fabulous Burgers
Come Around
To The Loop
Chicago Style Pizza
Fabulous Burgers
Grilled Chicken Sandwiches
The annual book fair is a favorite PTA-sponsored program.
OFFICERS SOLOMON SCHECHTER
PTA 1992-1993
President
Financial Secretary
Preschool
Day School
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Treasurer
Phyllis Goldberg
Robin Shorstein
Janice Meisel
Randi Rogozinski
Nancy Bloom
Nancy Mizrahi
Vegie Melt Sandwiches
Soup
Caeser Salad
All-Beef Hot Dog
Kid's Hot Dog
Dine In Or Take Out.
Serving Lunch And Dinner 7 Days A Week.
Mandarín 262-2210
Avondale 384-7301
Deerwood 645-7788
San Marco 399-5667
Regency 725-0850
Orange Park 269-0756
Neptune Beach 241-8476
The Solomon Schechter PTA unites parents, teachers,
students, and administrators to provide enrichment for the
Solomon Schechter Day School and the Early Childhood
Department. Your support of our fundraising projects (the
magazine sale, candy sale, and book fairs), along with your
thousands of volunteer hours make it possible for our
children to be educated in an exciting and enhanced
environment.
All our students participate in Red Ribbon Week’s
many drug education activities, and our fifth and sixth
graders graduated from D.A.R.E.—drug abuse resistance
education, a first for the Day School.
The Book-A-Bration program, through your generosi¬
ty, has contributed over 700 new books this year to the
youth section of the library. Even more books were added
when the Solomon Schechter Day School won the Read-
A-Thon sponsored by the Little Professor Book Center.
Our school’s children read over 1000 books, surpassing
all other elementary schools that participated.
The PTA provides holiday treats and the Shabbat Box
Program allowing each child a special Shabbat experience
at home. A hands-on fine arts day called Kaleidoscope is
sponsored and staffed by the PTA. Last year we brought
the Art Reach Touring Company and Theater Works into
our school to perform. Next year, we will sponsor other
cultural activities for our children. PTA did eye screening,
purchased picnic tables and a computer for the Early
Childhood Department, acquired “Your Child” for each
family, a publication of United Synagogue to help in Jewish
parenting, and will sponsor school newsletters and a year¬
book in the coming year. The Peabody Language Develop¬
ment Program for the Early Childhood Department and all
the teaching materials for the new mathematics program
being introduced in the Day School this coming year were
purchased by the PTA.
As you can see, the Solomon Schechter PTA provides
a vital extra dimension to the quality education our children
receive. We need each and everyone of you to be involved
so that, together, we can insure another successful year
in the education and Jewish life of our children.
Best wishes for a joyous and healthy New Year.
Phyllis Goldberg
118
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
