. ROSH HASHANAH 5753
<£) HOME CEREMONIAL READING
During the course of the festive meal on Rosh Hashanah evening, pieces of apple that have
been dipped in honey are distributed to the participants and the following is read, either
in unison or responsively:
For centuries, Jews have celebrated Rosh Hashanah by eating apples and honey. We hope that
this new year ahead may be especially sweet for ourselves, our loved ones and all the Jewish
people around the world.
Seated at the festive table, we remember our precious heritage. We understand that the new year
is a sacred time for reflection, as we pray for guidance to meet the challenges which are ours.
As the year 5753 begins, extraordinary events are unfolding all around us.
A measure of peace may soon be on the horizon for the State of Israel. May it bring both security
and vitality for Israel and its people.
We are witnessing the ongoing emigration of thousands of Jews from the former Soviet Union
who have been isolated from the mainstream of the Jewish world for decades. May they find
empathy and caring, as they establish new homes in Israel.
We are witnessing the continuing redemption of Ethiopian Jews in Israel. May their memories
of famine and danger fade, as they experience the joy of reunification with their families.
We are witnessing the possibilities for an easier future for Jews long trapped in Syria and other
lands of oppression.
We are witnessing, through Operation Exodus, an outpouring of compassion and generosity for
Jews in need. May we be thankful for our religious freedom and the ability and opportunity
to extend help to others.
Now, on this Rosh Hashanah, as we once again dip our apples into honey, we recite the age-
old words of our tradition. May we pledge to ourselves that this year we will do even more
to reach out to Jews in distress, wherever they may be.
Kol Yis-ra-el ah-ray-vim zeh ba-zeh. .71.13 nj bNni??
All Israel is responsible for one another.
This year may all Jews know a new measure of sweetness.
May each of Us continue to grow in our commitment to our people and our faith.
Ye-hee ra-tzon mil-fa-neh-ha,
Ah-do-noy Eh-to-hay-nu vay-lo-hay ah-vo-tay-nu,
sheh-teh-ha-desh ah-tay-nu sha-na to-va u-meh-tu-ka.
/irniaN >pVNi w>pVN 'n psn *ri>
.npinni rail?
May it be Your will, O Lord our God and God of our ancestors,
to renew for us a good and a sweet year.
'V'V'V'V-V'V
Prepared by the UJA Rabbinic Cabinet
The above thought was presented by
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
6
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
