• Jacksonville Jewish Federation
FEDERATION OFFICERS:
Richard Sisisky
First Vice President
Matthew Edelman
Vice President
Marsha Pollock
Vice President
Dr. Eugene Wolchok
Vice President
M. David Epstein
Treasurer
Michael Korn
Secretary
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation Serves as a central community resource
for our Jewish1 community.
In summary, we are dedicated to providing for the welfare of every Jewish
person living in Jacksonville. Through our affiliation with the United Jewish Ap¬
peal, we are equally committed to the survival of and quality of life for every
Jew living in Israel and throughout the Diaspora.
In 1992/1993, the Jacksonville Jewish Federation will provide funding to the
River Garden Hebrew Home, the Jewish Family and Community Services, the
Jewish Community Alliance and for the first time, to both of the day schools
serving our community. We believe that our Jewish community is well served
by these outstanding agencies and it is our privilege to assist them in trying
to meet their goals.
The federation is also involved with community relations, leadership develop¬
ment and community planning. The Jacksonville Jewish News is a resource
for every Jewish organization and family in Jacksonville.
We applaud the outstanding work of our Synagogues and it is an honor to
be included in this yearbook.
With best wishes for the high holidays and the coming year,
Joan Levin, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
• Jewish Community Alliance
JCA
JEWISH
COMMUNITY
ALLIANCE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ALEXANDER BREST
Honorary Chairman
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
BRUCE WARSCHOFF
Vice President
MICHAEL DONZIGER
Vice President
MARK GREEN
Vice President
DAN EDELMAN
Vice President
PHYLLIS VANDROFF
Vice President
HOWARD KORMAN
Secretary
NEIL PRESSER
Treasurer
MICHAEL DeSANTO
PAM KORN
DAVID A. STEIN
The Jewish Community Alliance’s mission is to strengthen Jewish identity
and to provide to the Jewish community services which will enhance the quali¬
ty of life and help ensure the continuity of the Jewish people. Therefore, the
JCA will 1) serve as a common meeting ground for all people and all segments
of the Jewish community; 2) provide meaningful group and individual experiences
which the members of the community view as enhancing the quality of their
lives; through programs for all members of the family, recognizing that some
families consist of only one person.
To carry out its mission, the Jewish Community Alliance provides programs
in recreation, creative and performing arts, physical education and sports, child
care and preschool, supervised adult day program, informal education, and group
activities. The JCA strives to make available opportunities for authentic Jewish
experiences, to develop community based leadership, and to work toward
building a sense of community among all Jews. A sliding fee scale is available
to make membership affordable to all.
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone: (904) 730-2100 Fax: (904) 448-5715
jss
with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, the United Way of N.E. FL,
and the Jewish Community Centers of N. America.
Affiliated
167
