• Solomon Schechter Day School
Willard Kennedy, Principal
Evelyn Borstein
School Secretary
We of the Solomon Schechter Day School of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center welcome a new year with the largest enrollment in our thirty-one
year history. The school now has double classes for three Primary Grades,
and is utilizing every square foot of educational space in the building.
To be a Schechter student is to be a responsible, contributing member
of both the Jewish community and the community at large. By becoming
envolved in community projects students learn the true meaning of tzedakah.
Our school put this concept into practice this year by raising $1,200 for
the Dreams Come True Program. Two children with life-threatening illness
were given the chance to see their “dream come true” by the efforts of our
students. We are the only school large or small to sponsor two children
at the same time.
There is the freedom at Schechter to explore new ideas in a secure set¬
ting. At every level, we strive to challenge students to reason objectively
as they expand their view of the world. Our students read more books than
any other school, public or private, in Jacksonville during a Read-A-Thon.
We are dedicated to providing the best possible education for each child.
Small classes and experienced teachers ensure that students receive per¬
sonal attention. Specialists in music, art, computer studies, physical educa¬
tion and Hebrew complete our professional staff. Teachers and administrator
meet to discuss individual needs, write and evaluate curriculum, and deter¬
mine the best use of resources.
Parents and families, too, make important contributions to the Schechter
School community — as active members of the PTA and by participating
in Jewish celebrations with their children. This year over; 600 new titles
were added to our library by our parents.
For all these possibilities made real, we thank the members of the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center for their continued support and encouragement.
119
