• Center Sisterhood
OFFICERS 1992-94
President
Ways & Means VP
Program VPs
Education VP
Membership VPs
Youth VP
Treasurer
Financial Secretary
Recording Secretary
Social Secretary
Kathy Osterer
Cheryl Blum
Carla Bernard
Edith Horovitz
Bonnie Sandler
Jane Grann
Etta Drashin
Sheree Spriggs
Gayle Bailys
Jan Glassman
Beth Shorstein
Madeline Hecht
Merle Selevan
Corresponding Secretary Robin Allerding
Parliamentarian Marilyn Garber
Budget Barbara Safer
Nominating Committee Shirley Bielski
Shirley Bielski, Annetta Komblum, Marsha
Pollock, Esther Rosenblum, Jean Weinberg,
Helen Pollan, Gertrude Kramer, Elsie
Meyerhoff, Rhoda Goldstein, Carol
Harrison, Grace Goldberg, Linda Schuster,
Marcia Millstone, Arlene Friedman, Carolyn
Krestul, Lillie Ray Levy, Wendy Brezin,
Wendy Honigman, Etta Drashin, Elsie
Meyerhoff, llene Selevan, Sue Eaglestein,
Stella Finck, Robin DeCrispino, Sylvia
Weiss, Eunice Gross, Phyllis Goldberg, Hor-
ty Gendzier, Etta Drashin, Marilyn Garber,
Gert Rosenblatt, Martha Savage, Clara Jaffe,
Hilda Lewitt, Beth Dollar, Nancy Cohen
Shalom,
What can our Sisterhood do for you
— or what can YOU do for our
Sisterhood? Volunteer — Join us!
To work in Sisterhood is a privilege
and a challenge. Our board and
membership have accepted this
responsibility gladly and willingly.
Sisterhood needs the wisdom and
knowledge everyone possesses to en¬
sure its growth and to help the
organization realize its full potential.
We, as an organization, are truly
enriched by the women who make
Sisterhood and our synagogue a priority and not something just for
leisure time. To share with others is a mitzvah and those who give of
their knowledge, regardless of the degrees, are truly blessed. Our
dividends are pride, spirit, enthusiasm, the mitzvah on unselfish devo¬
tion and the opportunity to be creative and develop our own personal
Jewish lifestyle. We benefit, our families benefit, Judaism benefits. The
time element is open. . . forever is barely time enough. Our investment
will be our link to future generations.
The theme of our 1992 Convention Evtah v’lo efhad “1 am confident
and unafraid” (Isaiah 12:2) embodies the spirit of today’s Sisterhood
volunteer — one who can move forward, with confidence, because those
who came before taught us so well. We move on to build a future even
greater than our past. Sisterhood is our past and our future.
Congratulations and best wishes to Barbara Safer, President of Florida
Branch of Women’s League!
Le Shana Tova Tikateivu.
Kathy Osterer
Florida Branch Spring Conference *92
Jacksonville, Florida
Front (L-R): Marsha Pollock, Horty Gendzier, Kathy Osterer, Barbara
Safer, Jane Grann, Sheree Spriggs. Back (L-R): Beth Shorstein, Shirley
Bielski, Bonnie Sandler, Cheryl Blum, Marilyn Garber. Phyllis Goldberg,
Gayle Bailys, Wendy Honigman.
16
