• Hevra Kaddisha
For almost two thousand years, Judaism has
cared to treat the deceased with as much digni¬
ty as one would have in life. Burial societies ex¬
ist in communities to ensure that standards of
loving-kindness and dignity are maintained for all.
While Jacksonville has a Hevra Kaddisha,
if s membership is smaller than is desired. Addi¬
tional members would enable us to enhance
dignity after death even more than has been
available in the past.
Some of the ways a member may serve are:
(1) Tahara, the traditional washing, shrouding,
and placing of the body in the coffin; (2) making
arrangements for the Tahara; (3) being a
Shomer, who watches the body until the
funeral; (4) transportation for the Shomer.
Being part of the Chevra Kaddisha means
performing a Mitzvah for another Jew who can
never thank you. This is the greatest Mitzvah
of all. Please contact your Rabbi, or Nathan
Sandler, President of the “Chevra” if you wish
to take part.
• Center Cemetery
The Center owns and operates two cemeteries, both
of which are adjacent to the Evergreen Cemetery in
North Jacksonville. Both are beautiful pieces of proper¬
ty with large shade trees and mature landscaping. The
original cemetery is referred to simply as the “Old
Cemetery." The new cemetery is known as the Center
Memorial Park. The Center provides complete main-
tainence of these grounds. Both cemeteries are open
daylight hours every day except Shabbat and Jewish
Holidays. A memorial service is conducted each year
on the Sunday between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kip-
pur at each of the cemeteries.
Just as with other life cycle events at the Center, burial
and mourning are also reserved for Center members.
Therefore, only members may purchase a plot in one
of the Center cemeteries. Associate members are not
eligible to purchase a plot. For more information regard¬
ing the purchase of cemetery plots, please call the Center
administrative office.
We thank the volunteers who serve on this important
committee. Sol Proctor, chairman; Sid
Berkowitz, Charlotte Fialkow, David
Goldring, Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein, Jeffery
Morris, Nathan Sandler, Michael Schneider,
Blanche Slott, Seeman Zimmerman.
HARDAGE & GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOMES
Gordon Hardage LFD Robert Hardage LFD Richard Hardage LFD
Victor Hardage LFD Roy Weimert LFD
6 LOCATIONS
729 Edgewood Ave. S. 4115 Hendricks Avenue
6940 Atlantic Blvd. 4315 Main Street
1701 Beach Blvd., Jax Beach 5753 Blanding Boulevard
Phone 355-5641
26
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
