• 55+ Club
• TNT-twenty and thirtysomething
Not shown in picture: Helen Rosen and Leah & Iris
Solomon. Pres: Ben Edwards
The 55+ club is open to the Jewish community.
Meetings are the second Sunday of each month from 2-4
pm at the Center. Activities include: informal speakers,
performers, an annual luncheon, and of course, socializ¬
ing. Discounts are offered on theater tickets and trips. Mit-
vah projects include attendance at daily minyans and
visiting the sick.
OFFICERS 1992-93
President, Ben Edwards; Vice President, Pollie Copans;
Treasurer, Jack Silverman; Recording Secretary, Sada
Freedman; Corresponding Secretary, Pollie & Philip
Copans; Hospitality, Leah & Iris Solomon; and Entertain¬
ment Committee: Bea & Marty Caplan, Pollie Copans
and Helen Rosen.
This year the Center’s young couple’s club
(TNT) enjoyed a pool party, wine tasting even¬
ing and game night. Other activities have includ¬
ed a progressive dinner, hayride and bowling.
All these activities have attracted young couples
from the Center and the general Jewish com¬
munity. The programs have been well attended
and have given newcomers an excellent oppor¬
tunity to meet other couples.
Join the fun this coming year. For more in¬
formation, call Robin and Scott Allerding,
268-3461, Randi and Sam Rogozinski,
262-8833, Michelle and Drew Margol 733-4178
or the Center office-292-1000.
TNT “Game Night” - Feb. 22, 1992
• Center Men’s Club
Two short years ago, the Men’s Club was an idea. To¬
day it is a vital reality. We began under the successful
leadership of Ira Grann and now have an enthusiastic
board, growing membership and exciting ideas for the
coming year.
Activities include: Sunday morning brunch and speaker
program; campsite improvements; annual fishing trip and
Yom Hashoah candle distribution. Highlights for the com¬
ing year will be a blood drive, hospital visitations, regular
card nights and a family golf night. One of our most am¬
bitious projects is to build a walkway and dock at the River
Garden lake and then take the residents fishing in their
own back yard.
We are open to all generations. Join us and help us
grow.
L’Shanah Tova!
Neil Sandler, President
Vice President - Fred Blum
Secretary - Tom Spriggs
Treasurer - Ken Organes
Directors - Stu Applebaum, Barry
Schuster, Steve Slavkin, Bill Zoske
Immediate Past President - Ira Gann
É District Attorney Harry Shorstein
speaks to a capacity crowd at the
Mens Club/Sisterhood Brunch.
Men's Club President
Neil Sandler
After building the benches the Men's Club volunteers take a break.
19
