• Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14 had another banner year in 1991-92. The Troop,
founded in 1919, is nearing in its diamond anniversary of serv¬
ing the youth of our community.
The Troop activities featured camping and outdoor activities,
interesting weekly programs, service to the congregation and
community, and dedication to achievement and the ideals of
scouting.
A highlight of the year was the presentation of the coveted
Eagle Scout award to our Senior Patrol Leader, Adam Dean.
The rank of Eagle signifies excellence in character and achieve¬
ment. The Eagle presentation to Adam Dean was made by the
Honorable Henry L. Adams, Jr., Circuit Judge at the annual
Blue and Gold Banquet before a few hundred proud onlookers,
including his parents Nelson and Linda. Troop 14 has the
distinguished honor of producing seven Eagle Scouts in the past
several years.
Troop 14 explored new arenas of excitement and revisited
others this year. The Troop returned to the Boy Scout High
Adventure Sea Base in the Florida Keys after a two-year hiatus.
There, along with scouts from throughout the world, our scouts
snorkeled in the crystal clear ocean on coral reefs abounding
with colorful sea life and ominous sharks, barracuda and rays.
The scouts also enjoyed boating, small boat sailing, and fishing,
and much more at this getaway paradise.
The Troop inaugurated the Fort Matanzas Historic Trail Hike
following in the path of Florida’s Spanish and French settlers
and studying this area’s colorful history and breathtaking land¬
scape. The hike was a departure from more rugged and lengthy
historic trail hikes which the Troop has bravely encountered in
recent years. The “hike” featured a boat ride across the Matan¬
za River to a 16th century coquino fortress. The scouts, along
with the Webloes, qualified by their efforts for local and national
Historic Trail Awards sponsored by the Florida Historic Trails
Society and the Boy Scouts of America.
Other outdoor adventures this year included: camping at the
Osceola National Forest where the Troop joined thousands of
onlooker for the annual reenactment of the Battle of Olustee,
the largest Civil War conflict in Florida; a visit to Gainesville,
creative display and the Admiral’s Camping Award, and a year
end campout at Fort White puncturated by a tubing trip down
the crystal-clear Itchetucknee River and an evening in a rustic
“game room” where the boys played pool and video games to
near exhaustion.
Program highlights this year included a CPR course taught
by fireman, Steve Gerbert; a creative meet court in which scouts
served as attorneys, witnesses, judge and jurors; a cleverly con¬
trived and well produced “The Last Bunny Scout” skit at the
Blue and Gold Banquet which bore no resemblance to the re¬
cent movie bearing a similar name; and another memorable
Scout Sabbath in which the boys joined Cubs, Girl Scouts, and
Brownie’s affiliated with the Center in leading services.
The scouts also followed their slogan, “do a good turn daily.”
Troop 14 served lunch to the residents of Mount Carmel
Gardens on Thanksgiving Day as has become an annual tradi¬
tion. The Scouts also constructed picnic tables to be used in
the Sukkah at the Center, under the planning and direction of
Adam Dean.
The Troop 14 scouts who attended summer camp at Camp
La-Noche in the Ocala National Forest included Bernie Echt,
Philip Echt, Greg Daks, Adam Dean, Larry Fiske, Ian Fiske,
Shai Smargon, Brian Usoff, Nick Morcom, Jeff Glassman, Eli
Fleet and Randy Echalico. Also this summer, Kenny Solomon
became Troop 14’s first ever attendee at the highly acclaimed
Brownsea leadership training encampment.
Troop 14 is for boys grades 6 (or age 11) through 12. Those
interested may contact Randy Silverberg at 398-0038 (w) or
733-6649 (h) or Harry Peltz at 737-0309.
ADULT LEADERS:
Scoutmaster Randy Silverberg
Troop Committee Chmn Steve Ussach
Asst. Scoutmaster Bill Wilensky
Asst. Scoutmaster Harry Peltz
Asst. Scoutmaster Jay Fiske
Asst. Scoutmaster David Kagan
Asst. Scoutmaster Henry Lasris
Troop Committee Nelson Dean
Troop Committee Elfreda Echt
Troop Committee Larry Usoff
Troop Committee Mary Ellen Usoff
Troop Committee Dan Wilensky
JUNIOR LEADERS:
Sr. Patrol Leader Adam Dean
Asst. Sr. Patrol Leader Andy Ussach
Patrol Leader Bemie Echt
Patrol Leader Shai Smargon
Asst. Patrol Leader Larry Fiske
Asst. Patrol Leader v, Jeff Anchel
Adam Dean receiving his Eagle Award with parents, Nelson and
T mr/n
Group photo from summer camp, Camp La—Noche
Adam Dean showing his prize catch at the
Florida Keys Scout High Adventure Sea Base
147
