mu
Éü
|¡J
éM
«a—HBSSSaai
.. J* * '-/•. | y ‘:¿. Genesis RáMjif 2¡$¿.*k
m
r \ ~rjiS3 *&*»* yjjg^^fg i "¿fe í ^
.mna tmáD-nim}
,-•:>• ••..•>‘~'v ?íPM»¿ * SsaSI
1 IlMlilllMiillP
“Know whom you put to shame,
for in the likeness of God is (s)he made.
m
n
mgm
hb
n§
IK
aHfjBpg
SEP#
Some people who are reading this were beaten yesterday, or terrorized, or kept in isolation.
Some who tormented them are reading this now.
And they are not strangers to each other; they are family. Intimates. People like us. Us.
Home should be a haven, the place where you can count on being valued and protected.
If instead it is a place where the people closest to you beat you up, or keep you on edge with threats,
or isolate and demean you-then what is safe?
Violence in the family is not love; it is not discipline; it is not deserved.
It is an abuse of power, and it is wrong-
because decent people don’t behave that way;
because it is against the law, and for one more reason:
we are all made in the image of God.
To lash out in violence-
especially against someone whose life is linked with yours-
is to violate a likeness of God, and to degrade that likeness in yourself.
Are you being hurt or humiliated by the person you are closest to?
Believe that you do not deserve the abuse.
No one has the right to tell you that you are worthless: your worth comes from God.
Have you been taking out your anger and frustration against the people who depend on you?
Know that you are better than that; you are made in the image of God. You have the power
to stop hurting and belittling them. God gives it to you.
To all who read this, we ask:
I Look at yourself, at your partner, at your elderly parents, at your children, as images of God. Treat each of them with
the respect which that demands.
H Make your homes a haven. Instead of raising your hand or your voice, raise your own dignity and the self-esteem of
the people who turn to you for love. You may not be able to perfect the world, but this much you can do.
H Help your religious community to face the fact of domestic violence and to offer active support to those who have
been enduring abuse, threats, and humiliation. A house of God should be a place for teaching restraint, decency,
and reverence; make yours that place.
■ Behave as though God made you worthy; it is true. Behave as though the world depends on your humanity
and your decency. It does.
K9B
«flil
Mm
nriMi ,!fras wish uttarw san
v it - t ~ » iv t : it t v : •• T- :
‘...for the sin which we have committed before Thee, openly and in secret...”
The High Holy Day Liturgy
Vv 1 ™
flnu|
m
Sponsored by over 100 friends of the Seminary, this message will appear in the New York Times, the Wall St. Journal,
Newsweek, and other publications—Jewish and general. The annual High Holy Day message is one of many ways in which
the Seminary brings its scholarship to the broader community.
The Jewish Theological Seminary represents more than one hundred years of preserving Jewish memory and educating
Jewish leadership.
Join us. Secure the Jewish future. Become a partner in transmitting our people’s treasures to our children and to their
children. Support the important work of the Jewish Theological Seminary, the academic and religious center of Conservative
Judaism: The Jewish Theological Seminary, 3080 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10027-4649.
Shanah Tovah from Rabbi Ismar Schorsch, Chancellor; the faculty and students of the Jewish Theological Seminary;
and its Board of Directors.
Gershon Kekst, Chairman
Stephen M. Axinn, Treasurer
Herschel Blumberg
Audrey Citak
Albert B. Cohen
Joyce Arnoff Cohen
Lester Crown
David H. Feinberg
Joel Fleishman
Stanley J. Friedman
Evelyn Henkind
Howard M. Holtzmann
Lee Javitch
Nathan Appleman
Ollie A. Cohen
Isadore Familian
Stanley H. Fuld
Syd Rossman Goldstein
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Fredric Mack
Beatrice Cummings Mayer
Joseph L. Mendelson
Judah Nadich
J. Harold Nissen
Neil Norry
HONORARY MEMBERS
Milton G.Gordon
Jerome S. Katzin
Gilbert Lazarus
Samuel M. Melton
Jack Ostrow
Morris W. Offlt
Martin D. Payson
Stephen M. Peck
Robert S. Rifkind
Simon H. Rifkind*
Melvin A. Ross
Rabbi Ismar Schorsch
H. Axel Schupf
Gerald Silbert
Neil Sosland
Alan J. Tichnor
Gerald L. Zelizer
*Life Member
Selma Rapaport Pressman
Julius Silver
Louis Stein
J.D. Weiler
Harold M. Williams
AND THE BUSH rUDm
WAS NOT
CONSUMED
At this time of the Jewish New Year, we wish all our friends a year of strength and dignity.
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America
Single copies and permission to reprint granted on request to Alan Ades. Chairman, High Holy Day Message Committee.
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America, 3080 Broadway, New York, NY 10027
feHÜÜiS4§58 I ¡ S88&
