• Magen David Adorn
• Mr. & Mrs Club
Founded June 7, 1930, Magen David
S'A *V Adom (MDA) was designated Israel’s
J ry"T"l\ equivalent of an official Red Cross Socie-
I \ \ I ty in 1950 by an act of the Knesset. As
J the major emergency medical, blood, am-
bulance and disaster service in Israel,
MDA is totally involved in every aspect
of health maintenance and the preservation of human life.
Day in, day out, in time of peace or National emergency,
the entire population of Israel needs and depends on Magen
David Adom’s essential medical services.
American Red Magen David for Israel enlists the help of
thousands of energetic and enthusiastic American men and
women who work together in chapters throughout the coun¬
try to provide the funds and scientific equipment for Israel’s
Magen David Adom to wage its fight against death and suf¬
fering. YOU CAN HELP by joining them!
CALENDAR OF EVENTS - 1992-1993
Sunday, Dec. 31/92 2 PM Open Board Meeting
Sunday, March 21/93 11 AM-2 PM Social
Date to be announced: ABMDI Shabbat
Sunday, May 16 Community wide celebration Israel’s 45th
Independence Day ARMDI-Mitzvah Chapter 10th
Anniversary
Best Wishes for the New Year from the
Mitzvah Chapter
President-Treasurer Dr. Chiel A. Wind
Secretary-Editor Gertrude Bernhardt
Co Editor-Chapter Coordinator Dr. Olga P. Wind
Program Chairperson Martha Steinfeld
Education Chairperson Lillian Meizlik
Membership Chairperson Use Gottlieb
Sunshine Lady-Cards Ann Lissner
Past Presidents Dr. Olga P. Wind—David Selin
OFFICERS
President Albert Dubler
Vice President Irving Metter
Recording Secretary Rose Tuckman
Corresponding Secretary Rose Lieberman
Treasurer Sam Rand
Historian Ben Edwards
BOARD MEMBERS
Bob & Norma Gerson Anne & Sydney Rueben
Arnold & Doreen Goodman Lila & Jacob Rogozinski
Dave & Hilda Mazo
Close friendships, sustained
for years by many members’
participation in the club, speak
well for the congentiality of the
group and new members are
always welcome. Anyone in¬
terested in joining is urged to
contact any board member.
Board members: Front Row—
Norma Gerson, Hilda Mazo,
Doreen Goodman, Anne
Ruben. Back Row: Bob Ger¬
son, Dave Mazo, Ben Edwards
(Historian), Arnold Goodman,
Sydney Reuben.
Front Row: Harry Tuckman, Hilda Mazo, Norma Gerson, Sunny
Metter, Rose Lieberman, Sada Freedman, Miriam Rand, Doreen
Goodman, Anne Rubens. Back Row: Rose Tuckman, Bob Ger¬
son, Frances Dubler, David Mazo, Albert Dubler, Sam Rand,
Arnold Goodman, Sydney Ruben.
• NCJW
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN
Established in 1893, the National Council of Jewish
Women is the oldest Jewish women’s organization in America.
NCJW has more than 100,000 members in 200 sections nation¬
wide that are active in the organization’s priority areas of Women’s
Issues, Jewish Life, Aging, Children and Youth, Israel, and Con¬
stitutional Rights.
The Jacksonville Section of NCJW has been instrumental in
developing and implementing many significant programs in our com¬
munity, currently including: Kosher Kart, Guardian Ad Litem, PACE
(Practical and Cultural Education), Ship-a-Box, Israeli Pen Pals,
Telephone Reassurance, Mt. Carmel Connection, and our Women
in Power meeting.
1992-93 OFFICERS
President Ellen Rosner
VP-Ways and Means Shelli Richter
VP-Administration llene Reiter
VP-Membership llene Levenson & Anne Lufrano
VP-Community Services Fran Benton & Doris Gross
VP-Public Affairs Gloria Einstein & Donna Palevsky
VP-Programming. . . . Michele Graff-Radford & Harriet Brodsky
• Brandéis Women
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
The purpose of the Brandéis University National Women’s
Committee is to provide financial support and growth for
the Brandéis University Libraries, which serve a community
of students and scholars, in education and research, united
by their commitment to the pursuit of knowledge. The Na¬
tional Women’s Committee offers its members opportunity
for intellectual pursuit, continuing education, community ser¬
vice, social interaction, personal enrichment, and leadership
development. The members act as emissaries to support and
enhance the image of Brandéis, a Jewish sponsored, non¬
sectarian university where excellence is the tradition.
For membership information call:
Rachel Halpern, President 739-3202
Fran Benton 737-3055
Mary Wolf 346-1409
171
