• Jewish Family and Community Services
JEWISH FAMILY &
COMMUNITY SERVICES
Executive Board 1992-1993
President
Dr. Sol Brotman
Vice Presidents
Carolyn Krestul
Dr. Ben Lewis
Mark Shorstein
Dr. Michael Solloway
Treasurer
Michael Lissner
Medical Dir.
Dr. Guy Benrubi
Mental Health Director
Dr. Alan Harris
The greatest challenge of directing our agency this year was grappling with the ongoing problem of powerful
contradictions. Out there, in the community we are committed to serving, problems are mounting at in¬
credibly fast rates. Both the long and short term impact of divorce is affecting nearly half of all married
families. Alcohol and drug abuse are being recognized as serious problems in the Jewish community. AIDS
is affecting everyone. Child abuse and wife battering are finally, if reluctantly, being recognized as pro¬
blems in the Jewish community. The cry for quality day care is loud and clear. The urgent need for more
programs to enable our frail elderly population to live independently is growing as fast as that segment
of our community is increasing. Recent changes in the politics of the Soviet Union have made Russian
Resettlement a top priority, as hundreds of refugee families land at Jacksonville International Airport with
high hopes and great expectations. We were told that 20% of Jewish couples are infertile, yet the number
of birth mothers considering releasing their babies for adoption has dwindled.
My staff, a remarkable group, has shown commendable strength and much-appreciated professionalism
during these extraordinary times. As someone recently quipped, “This is surely a growth industry.”
The hard part is that unlike other “growth industries,” as we do more “business,” we do not necessarily
have more income, which would enable us to hire more staff to continue to “do more business.” In fact,
often the opposite is true. Increased demands on our system more often contribute to our deficit than
to our surplus. While we happily can report increases in our fee income over the last three years, families
that face multiple problems, need long-term care and require many hours of professional attention, are
often people who must also be subsidized. And we won’t ever turn them away.
On the brighter side, I believe the Jewish community is very fortunate. We have had, for many decades,
a solid structure in place that is committed to taking care of our own. As families are less able to care
for themselves and support in both emotional and financial realms must come from outside, we are there
ready and able to help. This is our mission. We are committed, whatever the obstacles, to relieving suffer¬
ing and help people achieve meaningful personal lives. Despite the disappointing cuts in government fund¬
ing, the strain on available local resources, and the continuing increase in calls for new and innovative
programs, we persevere because it is the right thing to do. With appreciation to our President and our
Board of Directors, my staff and Friends of the JFCS, I look forward to the challenging tasks before us
in the years ahead. Thank you for your continuing confidence and support.
Iris T. Young
Executive Director
• Hadassah
Hadassah Chapter Executive Board
Presidium: Rhoda Kagan, Elaine Barnert,
Ronnie Adsit
Treasurer: Ann Mattes
Organization/Exec. V.P.: Hilda Goldstein
Financial Sec’y: Phyllis Goldberg
Recording Sec’y: Glorya Weintraub
Corresponding Sec’y: Hannah Rosenberg
Education V.P. Coordinator: Robin Morris
Program V.P. Coordinator: Carla Bernard
Fund Raising Coordinators: Pat Frisch,
Evelyn Moskovitz
Membership/Outreach V.P.: Edna Reich
Parliamentarian/Advisor: Bess Rothstein
Hadassah, the Women’s Zionist Organization of America, Inc., is the country’s largest volunteer
Zionist entity, numbering more than 800,000. As such, the organization can make an impact
wherever its members choose, from the local community to the halls of Congress and definitely
on the Israeli scene. Hadassah welcomes and encompasses many sectors of the community (in¬
cluding a group of supportive men, Hadassah Associates).
This year the Jacksonville Chapter is proud to announce the chartering of the Aronson Nurses’
Council, with festivities on September 21, as our newest professional arm.
With its wide range of projects both here and abroad, including Hadassah Medical Organization
for health care and research; Youth Aliyah for the rescue and nurturing of children; H.E.I.S. for
the establishment of schools and training centers for youth and olim; and in the U.S. the support
of youth groups and camps as well as the ongoing education of the community on local and na¬
tional issues.
With broad aims of a better America and lasting peace in Israel, Hadassah needs the strength
and input of young and old. Won’t you become a part of this vibrant and important organization?
• Hannah Senesch Hadassah
Presidium Presidents:
Vice Presidents
Secretaries
Treasurer
Jean Weinberg, Adele Levitin, Rose Glen
Lillian Meizlik - Education
Floranne Kerr - Membership
lisa Gottleib - Fund Raising Donor
Helen Avchin - Financial Sec.
Gert Kramer - Corresponding
Miriam Frankel - Recording
Ann Fryfield
Five meetings a year on Sunday!
169
