• Young Family Shabbat
• Henry Kramer Library
Activities:
• Shabbat and sing-a-long with
guitarist
• Dinner - Beth Fleet, singer
• Havdalah Service - wear P. J.’s
- bedtime stories, milk and
cookies
• Peninah Schram - storyteller
• King Solomon, Joseph, Ruth
and Naomi
Joseph (Shacter) shows off his
coat of many colors.
Young Family Shabbat meets frequently during the year
with a congregation of newborns to bubbes and zaydes. The
“service” is geared for six and under, but all are welcome and
encouraged to attend.
This past year we had such diversified programs as Fri¬
day night Shabbat service and storytelling with the renown¬
ed Peninah Schram; a “Walk through the Bible” meeting
heroes (live and in person) like King Solomon, Joseph and
his coat of many colors, and those loyal women, Ruth and
Naomi, an unusual Havdalah service with children and adults
wearing their P. J.’s and bringing their teddies and enjoying
a traditional Shabbat dinner with singing and stories and
delivious food and spirit.
More fun to come in 5753. Join us.
• High Holiday Choir
Raymond Cohen, president; Pollie Copans,
secretary. The following members participate in the
choir for the High Holidays: Celia Bressler, Ger¬
trude Brown, Raymond Cohen, Pollie
Copans, Cynthia Disher, Beth Fleet,
Margaret Fleet, Ira Grann, Dr. Randall Haas,
Rosalind Klein, Henry Lasris, Stephanie
Levine, Clara Mann, Leo Moskovitz, Tillie
Moscowitz, Peggy Organes, Natalie Osofsky,
Abba Safer, Beth Shorstein, Anita Solomon,
Steve Solomon, Lisa Spriggs, Cathy Wilen-
sky, and conductor, Judy Geller.
Henry Kramer Library Committee
Chairman Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman May Goldie Stillman
Administrative Staff Rebecca Perlman,
Esther Miller, Roselyn Selber, Blanche Slott
Book Acquisitions Margo Crafton
Elaine Furman
Periodical Acquisitions Judy Mizrahi
Video Acquisitions Edith Horovitz
Sisterhood Liason Beth Shorstein
Hebrew Yiddish Collection Edward Tannen
Dr. Mandell Stearman
Publicity Anne Benjamin
Margo Crafton
The “Tofield Adult Collection” was the focus of attention by the
Sisterhood Henry Kramer Resounce Center Fund Drive. The suc¬
cessful drive raised $800.00 for the purchase of new books for the
Adult Collection. The Confirmation Class is joining the Sisterhood
in a gift of books for the Adult Collection.
Pictured here is the Tofield Reading Room which houses many
splendid and fascinating Judaica books - religion, biography,
customs and laws, humor, history, fiction, etc. The warm pleasant
environment encourages you to come and check out a book.
The Solomon Schechter Day School grows and expands through
the Solomon Schechter PTA Book-A-Bration Program under the
leadership of Edith Horovitz.
There is a need for the congregation to respond in a similar man¬
ner for the Adult Collection, contributions to the Henry Kramer
Library will purchase books for the collection. Appropriate book
plates will identify the books.
Volunteer services are responsible for the availability of Library
facilities for the Solomon Schechter Day School as well as the
members of Jacksonville Jewish Center. The committee was sad¬
dened by the loss of a long time volunteer Belle Gendzier and
valuable member Sam Berlin.
23
