Committees and Organizations
Membership Committee
The Membership Committee’s overall
mission is to identify and cultivate the
values and activities that attract new
members and retain existing members for
synagogue life in the 21 st Century. It has been
apparent that “meaning and community” are
the key components to a thriving synagogue
membership.
This year the Membership Committee
is pleased to announce significant growth
in new member families. Several were
newcomers to Jacksonville. However, in some ways it was
even more rewarding that many of our newest members
were previously unaffiliated in the community. There was a
Shalosh Seudot on January 24th honoring new members of
2008. While new members will help us grow as a community,
membership retention is a continuous focus for the committee
and the Center board. Engaging our members, new and
established, with innovative programming and
volunteer opportunities has proven to be the
key to the Membership Committee’s success.
One of our more successful programs
has been the New Member Host Program.
It has been well over a year since the
Membership Committee implemented the
program, where a new member is matched
with a Host family or individual. It has proven
to bolster the welcoming atmosphere we strive
for at the Center and we are always looking for
volunteers for this program.
Thank you to the entire congregation for choosing to be
a part of this special community and for participating in the
mitzvah of hachnasat orchim, the welcoming of guests.
Membership VP - Dina Fetner
Membership Chair - Sue Levine
Maura Silverstein
Membership Coordinator
Membership Committee Members for 5769:
Shirley Bielski, Moti Demri, Susan DuBow, Holly Emas, Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Rhoda Goldstein, Sharon Herbst, Polina Koropova, Mitchell Levine, Andrea Mail, Robin Morris, Kate Robbins,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Barbara Safer, Bess Saliman, Neil Sandler, Shari Saye, Melanie Setzer, Randee Steinberg,
Michele Steinfeld, Beth Shorstein, Stephanie Teitelbaum, Joan Waitz, Lara Werwa, Cindy Wohl, Beth Wolpoff and
Talie Zaifert.
24
