Communities and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
‘Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life99
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is an organization dedicated to
the enrichment of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish community. The
Men’s Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work together
supporting, sponsoring, and participating in programs that bring meaning to our
slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs (FJMC), an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center participation
has earned your Men’s Club the First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards
from FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program is now being implemented
in Men’s Clubs across the nation. We participate in a wide range of FJMC programs
and activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so that every
Congregant can honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah. We sponsor
educational programs based on the “Hearing Men’s Voices” series on issues
involving family, religion, career and health for the Jewish man in today’s world.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and Education leaders to
support your children and the Center youth organizations. We are available to lend
a helping hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima conventions.
We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards
that recognize and reward our youth for reading Torah in our synagogue services.
The Men’s Club Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to one
teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life commitment necessary
to bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children. We provide hand-crafted
Israeli Kiddush cup sets for the Confirmation students and a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students. We sponsor and raise funds for the Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to
attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who otherwise would
not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends, have fun, and meet
people from our synagogue as well as our regional Jewish community. Our members
regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball, touch football
games or perform community service activities. Over the years, we have gone on
deep sea fishing trips, provided opportunities to meet with local Jewish celebrities,
and have had family outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball games and other
local community sporting events. In the fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party
features fun, food, raffles and the opportunity to schmooze with friends while we
watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the year,
Men’s Club members help with Sukkot, Purim and Lag B’Omer programs. We lead
and participate in Men’s Club Shabbat and Armed Forces Shabbat. You will find us
ushering at morning services on Shabbat and on Holidays. We are your children’s
teachers, your community volunteers and your spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at least 18 years old, male,
and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center community. I firmly believe that
the Center Men’s Club offers something for everyone. So come on out and join us
for an activity this year. I think you’ll enjoy supporting our Jacksonville Jewish
community and spending quality time with other guys just like you!
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Men’s Club
— 2009-2010 —
Men’s Club Officers
President
Dan Wohl
Vice President
Neil Gordon
Secretary
Devon Rubin
Treasurer
Harry Peltz
Board Members
Allan Andrew
Moti Demri
Brad Herbst
Mike Herring
Bruce Phillips
Dave Schmerer
Todd Werwa
Past Presidents
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
—Dan Wohl, Center Men’s Club President
31
