Communities and Organizations
Volunteer Recognition
The Jacksonville Jewish Center held its Annual Meeting
on Monday night, June 15th. While synagogue
President Mitch Levine took a brief moment to update
everyone on the state of the congregation, the real spotlight
was on the valuable volunteers who make our synagogue the
vibrant place that it is. Recognition was handed out in the
form of “Gold Medals” to many of our volunteers.
There were several categories in which the “Gold
Medal” recipients took their prizes. The first group of
volunteers helped enhance all of the prayer services offered
here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. These people included
minyan captains, Torah and Haftorah readers, Kol Train
musicians, Gabbaim and the choir, to name a few.
The next two categories of volunteers made our
synagogue more sympathetic and welcoming. Those who
extended acts of compassion and kindness, such as the
members of the Hesed and Hevra Kaddishah committees
were recognized. Volunteers who made our congregation
more welcoming were acknowledged. Greeters, ushers
and those who extended home hospitality to others in the
community also took home well deserved medals.
Our youth are the future of Judaism and everyone
who supported our children in the activities at the various
schools and youth groups were recognized. Other members
were making our congregation more of a learned community.
Those who either taught or took classes and SYNAPLEX
volunteers all medaled at the event.
Artists who loaned (and hung) their art to the Yergin
Gallery were recognized. The Men’s Club and Sisterhood
volunteers and board members all received well deserved
appreciation. Gratitude and medals were given to members
of the Board, including executive board members, and those
serving on the numerous committees that make the JJC run
smoothly. The small group of volunteers who quietly come
into the Center on a regular basis to help the office staff
with mailings, phone calls and archive maintenance were
appreciated, as well.
After the gold medals, certificates and “gifts”
were given as the results of the congregational volunteer
“Superlative Survey” were unveiled. At the very end of the
evening Mitch Levine recognized this year’s Volunteer of the
Year, Andrea Mail. —Committee Members-
If you would
like to become more
involved and find your
name among next year’s
honorees, please contact
the office at, 292-1000.
for 5769
Shirley Bielski
Sue Ann Blumenthal
Etta Fialkow
Marilyn Garber
Sylvia Lubliner
Harry Peltz
Kate Robbins
Helen Shacter
25
