A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
Got Mitzvah?
One of the best known stories in
midrash about the giving of the Torah
depicts the Eternal as an itinerant
peddler, who unsuccessfully attempts to confer
God’s sacred teachings upon one people after
another. The nations of the world prove to be
sophisticated consumers - they want to know
more about the product before signing on
the dotted line. Accordingly, the descendants
of Esau turn God down because Scripture
forbids murder; the children of Ammon and
Moab decline the Divine invitation to accept
Torah because of its injunction against sexual
immorality; the Ishmaelites demur because
of the prohibition of theft. At long last, God comes to Israel.
Without equivocation the Israelites respond, “We will do and
hearken!” (Sifre Deuteronomy §343).
It is hardly surprising that teachers love to share this
story with students. Even adults are likely to smile at a tale in
which Israel soothes God’s hurt feelings by freely accepting
the Torah without a moment’s hesitation. Beneath the surface
the subtext of this popular midrash also implies the voluntary
nature of Torah - a message that resonates well with the
cultural sensibilities of 21st century America. Religion is
optional, right?
The reality, however, is a lot more complicated. In theory
we know that we have the right to desist from the practice of
Judaism, to cancel our synagogue memberships, to stop giving
to Jewish causes. Yet beyond the realm of the purely voluntary,
there are forces that impel us to stay connected. Some observe
because they feel a responsibility to their forebears; others get
involved out of a sense of obligation to their children. There
are those who remain within Jewish life because they see it
as an expression of God’s will, and still others who define
their commitment in terms of communal norms. Those who
call themselves Conservative Jews may not always experience
obligation through the prism of halakhah, but still subscribe to
a belief in a God and a Torah that commands us to answer a
higher call.
By exploring the motivations that lead us to embrace
mitzvot, we can begin to grapple with one of the most
fundamental religious questions. Why, exactly, is Jewish
tradition so important to us? Why do we practice certain
observances, but not others? There are some religious precepts
that will never appear on our radar screens; others that we feel
guilty about not doing; still others
that we would never dream of
dispensing with. What delineates
the boundaries between each of
these categories? How do we define
commandment and obligation?
Two years ago, Chancellor
Arnold Eisen of the Jewish
Theological Seminary, introduced
the Mitzvah Initiative to a select
number of congregations as a pilot
program. Designed to facilitate
dialogue, reflection and study about
the role of mitzvah in the lives of Conservative
Jews today, the initiative seeks to engender
broad conversation across the country about
the meaning of commandment as it finds
expression in our daily lives. The goals of the
program include: raising consciousness about
how the performance of mitzvot relates to a
greater concept of holiness; the construction
of personal narratives that incorporate mitzvah
through the lens of Conservative Judaism; the
creation of shared vision and practice within
the synagogue.
I look forward to introducing the
Mitzvah Initiative to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center in the coming year as a means of starting a much-
needed discussion about the role of commandment and
commitment in a religious culture where affiliation remains
voluntary. Beyond dialogue with congregants of varied
backgrounds, the Mitzvah Initiative will help us explore
engagement around various religious and spiritual activities
of the synagogue, including minyan, social action, tzedakah,
Shabbat and hospitality. In addition to playing a role on
our roster of adult education offerings, this conversation
might take place in a variety of venues: break-out groups at
congregational forums, parlor meetings in people’s homes,
Synaplex™ programming, board and committee gatherings,
Beit Midrash classes, and faculty meetings in the Center
schools.
We face many of the same commitment-related issues
as scores of other congregations: As the average age of regular
attendees at daily minyan steadily grows older, will we be able
to sustain weekday services a decade from now? How can we
better meet the challenge of finding volunteers and imbuing
them with a sense of sacred mission? What must we do to
transform the fee-for-service culture of membership dues into
one based on shared religious obligation? How do we nurture
the next generation of leaders, one that will grow organically
into positions of leadership through a lifestyle of engagement,
rather than attempt the cultivation of responsibility through
appointment to office?
It is said that when Israel received the Torah at Sinai,
every person heard God’s voice in keeping with his capacity
(Exodus Rabbah 5:9). That all of us will come to the table
with different religious sensibilities is a source of strength.
May we listen to and learn from each other’s individual
spiritual journeys. Above all, may
our voluntary acceptance of Torah at
Sinai lead us to a Promised Land of
self-actualized commitment in which
the performance of mitzvah becomes
its own highest reward.
Susan, Avichai, Elior, Itamar
and I wish you health, happiness
and much sweetness in the days
ahead. May we all be inscribed for
meaningful life in the New Year.
mnnm uron nmo mw
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
