Ritual Department
Religious Committee
During the past year 5769, the Religious Committee, under
the direction and guidance of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner,
continued its mission of helping to set a proper religious
tone for the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
A key initiative was the adoption of a long term plan to
transform the Religious Committee into becoming a proactive
advocate for Jewish living for our synagogue community.
A series of sub committees have been created to fulfill
the goal of ensuring a welcoming atmosphere of spiritual growth
throughout the Center.
These sub committees include:
B ’ nai Mitzvah Kabbalat Panim
Music and Ruach Minyan
Catering/Kashrut Religious Programming
Family/Youth Worship Yamim Noraim
While many of these committees are still in the formation
stage, some, including the Bnai Mitzvah subcommittee, have
already been actively engaged in seeking to maximize the spiritual
impact of lifecycle events, programming and worship services
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The coming year will provide more opportunity to activate
additional sub committees to ensure the synagogue’s long term
vision. The Committee is excited to welcome Rabbi Rafi Cohen
and his family, Michele and Benjamin, to our community.
Together with Rabbi Lubliner and Hazzan Holzer we are poised
for yet another year of spiritual growth and commitment.
We would like to thank all active members of the
Religious Committee for their service and commitment during the
past year:
Religious Committee
Members 5769
Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Robert Bossen,
Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Dina Fetner, Etta Fialkow,
Janis Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg,
Phyllis Goldberg, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg,
Joseph Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Mitchell Levine, Leonard
Magid, Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris,
David Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein,
Karen Southall, Dan Wohl, Howard Wolpoff and Evan Yegelwel
Daily Minyan Captains
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults,
may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited. Our
dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice
every single day of the year. It is because of them that you can
recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those
who served as minyan captains during the past year: Robert
Bossen, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Jack Mizrahi, David
Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Russell Selevan, Edward Tannen,
Arlene Yegelwel, Evan Yegelwel, Sandy Zimmerman and
Seeman Zimmerman.
A Message from the Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
A s soon as Israel accepted the Torah, the Holy One
/ \ invested them with some of the splendor of His own
-Z X^majesty. What precisely did He invest them with?
Crowns, according to R. Yohanan; weapons, according to
R. Simeon ben Yohai, upon which God’s Explicit Name was
engraved - as long as these weapons were in their hands, the
angel of death had no power over them. (Exod. R. 51:8)
The Torah is the foundational sacred text of Judaism;
the study of its words and their meaning is at the core of
Jewish religious experience. Through the study of Torah we
learn about God’s relationship to the world and to the Jewish
people. We explore God’s covenant with the people of Israel
and learn the laws we are to live by so that we might be a
holy people.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the process that
is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we have
maintained a high level of participation in reading Torah.
The commitment and encouragement of our synagogue
organizations and their leaders will ensure that this quality
standard will be continued for many generations to come. I
would like to thank all of our teachers for their continued
support and cooperation and on behalf of Suzanne, Casie,
Aron and myself wish you a happy and healthy new year.
Shanah Tovah
— Scott Zimmerman
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week.
Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce Horovitz at 262-1087.
21
