Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 • Fax: 448-5715
www.j ewish j acksonville.org
-Executive Committee-
President
Gary Perlman
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Larry Appel
Vice Presidents
Susan DuBgw
Michael Solloway
Hal Resnick
Vice President and
Women’s Division President
Rori Stevens
Treasurer
Francine Kempner
Secretary
Leonardo Maiman
Women’s Campaign Chair
Wendy Efron
Immediate Past President
Leonard Setzer
Presidential Appointee
Dr. Scot Ackerman
The officers, board members and staff of Federation wish the members of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center a Happy and Healthy New Year!
The Jewish Federation is the only organization in our community conducting an
annual campaign benefiting the JCA, River Garden, JFCS, the Jewish Foundation, all local
synagogues, the Jewish Agency for Israel and the Joint Distribution Committee.
One of Federation’s priorities is support of Jewish education. We are proud to fund
the Martin J Gottlieb Day School and to work together and co-sponsor Family University.
Federation funds the Torah Academy of Jacksonville now in its seventh year of operation. This
fall marks the fifth year for our Jewish community’s Hebrew High program, Beit Midrash,
under the auspices of the Federation.
Journeys to Israel for our youth make all the difference in the world. We are proud to
support the Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program and Birthright Israel.
Community Relations, missions, leadership development and planning make up the
Federation’s agenda.
We pray this will be a wonderful year for the members of our Jewish community and our
fellow Jews living in Israel and throughout the world.
Gary Perlman, President Alan Margo lies, Executive Director
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
| create a j ewish
I LEGACY
JACKSONVILLE
Board of Trustees wishes you and yours
“L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed
for a sweet New Year.”
This year while you are contemplating your blessings consider the many programs of the
Center. What a better time than Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur when we are looking into the
eyes of those we love and thanking G-d, to make a commitment to perpetuate a family tradition
of supporting Jewish causes.
Please remember the Jacksonville Jewish Center and the Jewish community while do¬
ing your estate planning. Contact the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation to learn more about the
many opportunities to Create Your Jewish Legacy.
Executive Director: Paulette Keifer CJL Program Director: Lara Werwa
P. O. Box 24847 • Jacksonville, Forida 32241
Phone: 904*394-0720 Fax: 904*394*0956
Foundation
i—Board of Trustees—i
Fiscal Year 2009-2010
Richard L. Sisisky, President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
^Michael Donziger, Trustee
Jeff Edwards, Sec.
Leonard Elikan
Dr. Ron Elinoff
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. ,V. P.
*Mel Gottlieb, Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Kenneth B. Jacobs, Esp.
Barbara Jaffe, CIMA.
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Mark Lodinger
Andrea Mail
Neil Presser, CPA, Treas.
David Robbins, Esq.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
*Mark Shorstein, CPA.
*Stephen Silverman, Trustee
Sandy Zimmerman
Barry Zisser, Esq.
*Past President
Of Blessed Memory
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
188
