Community Agencies
JEWISH
FAMILY&
COMMUNITY
SERVICES
Changing lives for better tomorrows
6261 Dupont Station Court East
Jacksonville, FL 32217 • Phone 448-1933
Jewish Family & Community Services
We’re Here For You.
As we all know change is never easy; and change
is inevitable. Over the past year JFCS has been actively
involved with strategic planning and I am happy to share
our results with you.
We have reorganized all JFCS programs and services
into 5 core areas. One new core area, the Department of
Jewish Services, is devoted to meeting the needs of the
Jewish community. This department has a direct phone
line (224-2048) and dedicated staff to quickly assess
needs and route clients to services.
Although we closed the Community Kosher Nutrition program at Mt. Carmel,
we have kept serving meals through Kosher Kart. In fact, this home delivered meals
program is now more convenient and far reaching. Working with a new vendor who
delivers kosher frozen meals directly to the client’s freezer, menus can be customized
to meet specific health or dietary needs.
Our Transportation program continues to provide subsidized rides to medical
appointments, food shopping and for lifestyle (trips to the JCA, for instance). As
always, synagogue rides for Shabbat and holiday services are at no cost and are
unlimited.
We are grateful for the support of our many donors and the Jacksonville
Jewish Federation. It is a very challenging time as the client need has increased in
every area of our organization. With the ongoing support of our Jewish community,
lay leaders and our staff we look forward to meeting these challenges and sharing
our successes with you.
Stay tuned as we continue to “Change lives for better tomorrows.”
-JFCS Officers—i
2009- 2010
President
Isabel Tanenbaum
First Vice President
Howard Caplan
Vice Presidents
Francine Kempner
Anne Lufrano
Secretary
Robin Lanigan
Treasurer
Glenn Ullmann
Chairman
David Garfinkel
—Iris Young, Executive Director
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904)733-6696
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide comfortable
and pleasant surroundings. From the
initial concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens
has strived to create respectable
living, providing more than housing.
Mt. Carmel Gardens offers a 17-story
building on a beautifully landscaped
site, 24-hour staffing, community
facil-ities, and planned programs,
all of which were developed as part
of an overall concept ... a concept
of responding to the desires of
retirees for security, comfort, safety,
independence and the enrichment
of stimulating social-recreational
activities shared with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens
is conveniently located, with
transportation, shopping, hospital and
doctor’s offices nearby.
—Mt. Carmel Officers—
President
Ben Lewis, DDS
Vice President
Helen Werking, E.D.
Memories of Love Foundation
Secretary
Neil Ambrus
191
