Special Events
5769 Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival of Sukkot.
Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On Simhat Torah, we bring to
a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin anew. An ancient tradition evolved of
honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit.
In our synagogue tradition, we also honor the contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil, “Woman of Valor”.
Sheldon Kaplan
Hatan Torah
Sheldon Kaplan,
a long time member of
the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, lives by the
spiritual passage, “Let no day pass
without some worthy achievement.”
Sheldon has devoted himself to
contributing over the years to many
synagogue and community activities,
programs, as well as spiritual worship.
Born and raised in Jacksonville,
Sheldon attended the Jacksonville
Jewish Center’s Kindergarten and
graduated from the University of Florida
with a Bachelor’s Degree in Psychology.
He married Harriett, his childhood
sweetheart, to whom he has been married
now for almost 40 years.
Sheldon graduated from Southern
Illinois University with Master’s and
Doctoral Degrees in Psychology. He
worked as a psychologist for the Duval
County School Board. He then entered
private practice where he counsels
children, adolescents, and families.
Sheldon helped organize the
Mental Health Forum in conjunction with
the National Council of Jewish Women
and the Mental Health Association.
Sheldon served many years on the Board
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Sheldon’s greatest love is his
family. During their religious education
his children, Lee and Kevin, inspired and
helped Sheldon acquire synagogue skills
to conduct P’Sukei D’Zimra, Shacharit,
Torah, and Musaf services.
Leonardo Maiman
Hatan Bereshit
Since standing
under the chuppah on
this bimah 25 years ago,
Lenny has been drawn to
the Jacksonville Jewish Center and its
close knit community.
Lenny grew up in Miami Beach
and was involved in Jewish life from a
young age at Temple Menorah. As a teen,
Lenny became involved in USY, first at
the chapter level and then at the regional
level ultimately becoming Southeast
Region USY President in 1975.
While attending Brandéis
University in Waltham, MA, where he
earned a BA in history and economics,
Lenny served as a substitute instructor at
the Brandéis Institute of Jewish Learning.
Upon returning to Florida following
graduation from the Georgetown
University Law Center, Lenny and his
wife Lynn served as Sunday School
teachers during the inaugural religious
school year at Temple Bat Yam in East
Fort Lauderdale.
Together with his son, Neil, Lenny
formed the Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns
in 2003. Lenny has always found time to
assist .at the Center through his service
on the board of directors for many years
and a variety of committees. In addition,
Lenny is a member of the Wednesday
morning and Erev Shabbat minyan
teams and actively participates as a ba’al
t’fillah when needed.
Lenny shares this honor with his
wife Lynn and children, Faye, Neil and
Elana.
Janice Knack
Ayshet Hayil
Janice Knack
is originally from
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
She received her B.A.
in French from Mount Mary College
and the University of Dijon, France.
Her M.A. degrees in French and in
Teaching English as a Foreign Language
were from Southern Illinois University,
where she taught French and English to
students from all over the world.
She retired after a 20-year career
as a Federal employee at Corpus Christi
Army Depot and Redstone Arsenal. In
Alabama, Janice served as Sisterhood
president, executive board member,
and Hadassah treasurer. In addition, she
taught Hebrew school, religious school,
and adult education.
Janice moved to Jacksonville
and joined the Jacksonville Jewish
Center in 2004, where she has served
as Sisterhood Jewish Living Chair,
Sisterhood Education V.P., teacher
of adult education and Hadassah
study groups, and Family University
committee member.
When she is not at the Center,
Janice enjoys taking long walks, sewing
all her own clothes, and working on
her Jewish studies. Janice is thankful
to the Center congregational family
for honoring her with the Ayshet Hayil
Award.
33
