Jacksonville Jewish Center
Parent-Teacher Association
The JJC PTA works diligently to put together a full and enriching year for students of
all three Center schools, JJC Preschool, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, and the
Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School. The partnership of all three Parent-Teacher
Associations enhances the children’s educational experiences by providing program/events,
equipment, technology and so much more.
In the 2008-2009 school year, the PTA invested $2,500 in the classrooms. In addition,
funds have been allocated to purchase ride-on toys for the playground, Shalom Baby and
P.E. equipment, and VPK science and math materials for the preschool. We provided a new
Accelerated Reader program, supplemental language arts materials, technology, Orff instruments
for music classes, and more for the Day School. The PTA has supported the Religious School
by providing funds for the annual Sukkah in the Hut, Hannukah dinner, and the printing of the
Passover Haggadahs.
New events to look forward to for the 2009-2010 school year include a “stay and play”
after meet and greet in August, grandfriends classroom visit in September, Father/Daughter
dance in December, Mother/Son bowling evening in March and Parent luncheon in May. We
will continue to provide programs and services including Red Ribbon Day, Vision Screening,
Shabbat boxes and the publication of our yearbook, “The Pride.” We are able to provide so much
for our schools with your support through dues, fundraising and donations. Please support our
annual Chai Family Fun Run, our largest fundraising event, along with our annual magazine/gift
wrap sale coming up in the Fall of 2009.
Your PTA invites you to play an active role in your child’s development by participating in
any of our activities throughout the year. Becoming active is really easy - and it really makes a
difference! Whatever your time schedule allows or interests you have, we encourage you to get
involved and support the future leaders of our Jewish community.
We are looking forward to a Phenomenal, Top notch, Amazing year!
—Debbie Goldstein and Talie Zaifert
PTA Co-Presidents
2009-2010 Resource Teachers
|— 2009-2010 —|
PTA Officers
Presidents:
Debbie Goldstein and
Talie Zaifert
Past President:
Sue Levine and
Perrin Rubin
Preschool Parents
Committee Liaison:
Jen Katz
Religious School
Liaison:
Jami Shapiro
MJGDS Teacher
Liaison:
Shelly Zavon
VP Fundraising:
Carrie Bielski
VP Membership:
Risa Herman
VP Programming:
Rebekah Selevan
VP Services:
Yakov Feig
Treasurer:
Tammy Schemer
Secretary:
Alyse Nathans
Andrea Hernandez
Technology
Coordinator
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Coordinator
Hazzan Holzer
Jay Sandler
Music
Kim Glasgal
Technology Assistant
Jo Ann Kagan
Academic Resources
Louise Leonard
Librarian
Silvia
Rosenthal Tolisano
21 st Century
Learning Specialist
88
