A Message from the President
Community and spirituality, have
become buzzwords over the past few
years. The words seem to permeate
newspapers, board meetings, magazine
articles, blogs and even casual conversation.
The context in which the words are used will
invariably frame the content of whatever you
are reading or speaking about. The challenge,
of course, is moving from a broad based
discussion of community and spirituality and
actually plugging in towards implementation.
Community and spirituality can and often times do
live separate lives. Taken individually (disparate from one
another), it is possible to establish a community, without
ever really building one. Too, we can participate in a worship
service or a programmed event and leave without ever having
elevated our souls. Community and spirituality do not have to
be other worldly phenomena traveling on linear, but parallel
tracts. If we are to become a sacred congregation, then it must
be our goal to bring the forces of community and spirituality
together and cause them to intersect. That intersection would
occur at the center of our lives and truly frame our journey as
we become a kehila kedosha.
We would be remiss if we think we don’t already
possess a number of the characteristics of a kehila kedosha.
Still, our congregation could work at it a long time and fail
to become a sacred community. Sacredness is more than
doing the right things - though this is no doubt important. A
kehila kedosha pulsates with learning about finding kedusha
in every moment. A kehila kedosha uses study of sacred text
from past and present to shine a light on our own behavior
and give us insight into who we can become and what it
means to have a relationship with our creator.
A kehila kedosha elevates key moments and
gives them deeper meaning and significance.
A kehila kedosha creates connections where
we lift up and treasure our own story and
each other’s story.
Relationships are the keystones of
a vital community and a defining piece
of kehila kedosha. How we connect with
each other in genuine ways; sharing joy and
sorrow, valuing the sacred in each person,
will go a long way in determining what kind of community
we can become. Can we integrate different generations and
populations in real ways - fusing adults and children together
in worship, in classrooms, with gemilut chasadim - loving
acts which care for those in need and help to repair our
tattered world? Are we each willing to play a role in building
this kehila kedosha?
Sacred community is about our stories. We each have
one to tell and it is within these stories, shared with each
other and with our children that we open ourselves and our
relationships towards real meaning. Whether shared on-line,
in the lobby or as part of services; sacred community is about
your story and using your story to elevate our community.
Will we become a kehila kedosha? Do we believe that
it really matters? Isn’t it why we joined the Jacksonville
Jewish Center in the first place?
Susan, Stefanie, Kara, Emily, Jenna and I look forward
towards realizing this goal with you. We offer best wishes for
health and abundant happiness to you and your loved ones.
L’ shanah Tovah u’Metukah.
—Dr. Mitchell Levine
Dr. Mitchell Levine
15
