— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism Framework for Excellence School
A Message from the Religious School Director
We are excited to announce BIG
changes in our school program for
the 2009-2010 school year!
As a part of our recent strategic planning
process in the Bernard and Alice Selevan
Religious School, we identified a recurring
desire by parents for a more condensed
school week (two days per week instead of
three), without compromising the educational
value of the present program.
Lois Tompkins
Director
us to add a wider variety of experiential
programs for this age group. By expanding
our 2nd grade into a 2 day per week program,
we can seriously introduce the Hebrew
reading and prayer curriculum at an earlier
age. The addition of the 8th grade will
allow us to structure a true, exciting middle
school program for our older students. Of
course, we will continue to encourage
parental involvement in our popular family
programming.
As a result, we consulted with the Department of
Education of the United Synagogue for Conservative Judaism
(USCJ) to ensure that we did not lose our current accreditation
as a Framework for Excellence school. USCJ offers several
different curricular models within the Framework of
Excellence program, and we eventually partnered with our
parents to carefully choose one that will satisfy the needs of
our families while still allowing our excellent staff ample
opportunity to provide the best possible Jewish education for
our children.
Our new model will meet on Sundays and Wednesdays.
An extra hour on Sundays for our younger students will allow
As always, we will continue to incorporate art, music,
computer technology and experiential programming into the
curriculum. All students will still be individually tracked,
and a special education professional will be on hand to work
with children and teachers. The school’s signature family
programs will, of course, continue to provide a rich blend of
home and synagogue education. Our children are the winners
as our program continues to grow and flourish!
L ’Shana Tova from the entire Religious School staff!
— Lois Tompkins,
Principal Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
■Youth Congregations-
Meet Shabbat Mornings
11a.m. to Noon
Gan Shabbat
5 years and under
Mini-Minyan
Kindergarten - 1st Grade
Junior Congregation
Grades 2-6
96
