— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
Located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
A Message from the Principal
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School, a Kindergarten through
eighth grade Solomon Schechter
School, is a vibrant part of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Our vitality
comes from our dedicated faculty, devoted
parents, very involved Rabbis and Cantor,
and committed Board of Directors.
I would like to quote a parent who spoke
so eloquently about why she believes
the Jewish children of this community
are entitled to our Jewish day school
experience: “They are entitled to more than reading,
writing and arithmetic. They are entitled to live the Jewish
holidays, to sing the alephbet, to make a connection with a
child in Israel, to be called by their Hebrew names daily, to
do mitzvoth, to wear tallit, to bake hamentashen and honey
cakes, and to spend an entire school day celebrating Israel’s
birthday. They are entitled to Torah.” How true it is that,
as our Mission states, “We nurture the souls of each of our
students, grounding them in Jewish values.”
How do we continue to make this vision, these values and
this rich heritage relevant for our children of the twenty-
first century? Our children are part of an ever expanding
global society, with connections to all parts of the world just
a technological fingertip away. Our task is to prepare them
to creatively problem solve, to write and speak
well, to think in a multidisciplinary way, and
to evaluate the vast amount of information
available to them. Our ultimate goal is to
produce committed young Jewish men and
women who are lifelong learners. How do we
accomplish this task and reach our goal?
The answer lies within ourselves, those who
teach. In Pirkei Avot, Rabbi Yishmael said, “A
person who studies in order to teach is given
the opportunity both to study and to teach.”
As the world of learning changes, so must we.
How fortunate it is then that the Day School has received a
generous one-year grant, enabling us to engage a Twenty-first
Century Learning Specialist. Her role will be to facilitate the
creation of our own unique professional learning community,
where we create, collaborate, and reflect with one another.
With our tools of technology, and their infinite uses, we can
then reach out to make global connections with the world of
educators and learners. Whether we are teaching math or
Mishnah, we must all find a way to challenge ourselves to
learn as we expect our students to learn.
Wishing you and your families a good and sweet year,
—Carole Goldberg
Carole Goldberg
Principal
Middle School
Rabbi
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
liana Manasse
Judaic Staff
Coordinator
Talie Zaifert Robyn
Director of Marketing Sabatt-Waring
& Admissions Executive Assistant
Jessie Roman
Administrative
Assistant
86
