Communities and Organizations
Adult Education
5769 was an exciting year for Adult Education. The
year began with a fresh installment of “Introduction to
Judaism” under the direction of Rabbis Lubliner and
Weiner.
A new course, “Walking with Justice” was presented and
led by Janice Knack.
Beginning Hebrew was taught by Lenny Maiman and
Etta Fialkow. A conversational Hebrew course called “Ivrit
L’Hadassah” was introduced by Sylvia Lubliner.
Our Center Rabbis offered an array of on-going classes
including Rabbi Lubliner’s Monday Morning Mishna, Coffee
& Torah on Shabbat mornings and weekly Talmud study series.
Rabbi Weiner led his weekly class of “Think like a Rabbi.” The
newest addition to our clergy, Hazzan Holzer, led classes filled
with learning and laughing. “Afternoon at the Yiddish Theater”
was an instant hit with large groups of all ages. “Cantors and
Cocoa” was another innovative class offered.
In November,
the Center welcomed
practicing psychologist,
Dr. Dorree Lynn, author
of “When the Man You
Love is III, Doing your
best for your partner
without losing yourself"
Adult Education
and Synaplex joined
forces to offer special
Shabbat Saturday programming that included “Davening 101,”
and Jewish Meditation.
In conjunction with the Jewish Theological Seminary,
Adult Education presented a program featuring Dr.
Jonathan Milgram who lectured on “Memory, Manucripts
and Modernization: From Mishna to
Microsoft.” It was a fascinating review
of how technology is being used to store,
archive, study and preserve sacred texts.
Cultural Arts classes were a well
received addition this year: “Expressions
through Watercolor” was a five week
Judaica Art Class led by artist Kim
Miller. Our very own Andrew, Catrina
and Margo Ruby of Margo’s Catering
went “Food Network” and taught two kosher gourmet cooking
classes to standing room only crowds.
The highlight of the year was, without a doubt, the
Safer Family Shabbaton and our scholar in residence, Dr. Ron
Wolfson, author of The Spirituality of Welcoming. After a full
weekend of Shabbat programming
and record crowds, the patrons of
the weekend enjoyed a lovely social
gathering at the home of Lenny and
Lynn Maiman. Sunday morning,
Ron energized another large crowd
including Bar/Bat Mitzvah parents
and children by talking about his latest
book: G-ds To Do List: 101 Ways To
Be an Angel, and Do G-d’s Work on
Earth. Thanks to the generosity of the
Safer children, Eliot Safer, Cynthia Baron, Deena Richman
and Shana Temel who established the Marilyn and Louis
Safer Shabbaton Fund to honor the memory of their parents,
in addition to Dr. Mitchell
and Sue Levine and Ron and
Joanie Levin, we were able
to bring Dr. Wolfson for a
very memorable Shabbaton
weekend.
As spring rolled
around, so did the Special
Weekend with Rabbi David
Gaffney and Inge Gaffney. This program was sponsored by the
DuBow, Levin and Shorstein Families. The JJC family always
looks forward to welcoming back our Rabbi Emeritus to teach,
inspire and remind us of our history as a congregation.
As the torch was passed to me by my mentor, Lita
Poehlman, congregation president, Mitchell Levine, encouraged
his board members to build active, invested committees. The
Adult Education Committee this year
was a special group of individuals who
shared personal experiences, brought a
wealth and range of creative ideas to the
table and most importantly, demonstrated
a dedication to the mission of providing
quality, meaningful and challenging adult
education experiences to the members
of the JJC. I look forward to building
upon our successes and expanding the role of my committee
members. We are always looking for interested folks to join
us. It is an honor to serve the congregation in this capacity and
I look forward to another year of studying and learning in this
synagogue community.
- Beth Fleet, Adult Education Chair
—Adult Education—
Committee 5769
Chairperson
Beth Fleet
Agnes and Mitch Bloch
Etta Fialkow
Ava and Michael Fixel
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Janice Knack
Dorri Kraus
Deborah Leboire
Joanne Lowell
Ruben and Naomi Mirensky
Susan Neadle
Lita Poehlman
Zissy Pozin
Bob Schvey
Eyal Wirsanky
27
