Communities and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
Women’s League for Conservative Judaism is the largest synagogue
based women’s organization in the world. The mission of Women’s
League for Conservative Judaism is “to strengthen and unite synagogue
women’s groups and their members; support them in mutual efforts to understand and
perpetuate Conservative / Masorti Judaism in the home, synagogue and community;
and reinforce their bonds with Israel and with Jews worldwide”.
As a member of Women’s League for Conservative Judaism, the Sisterhood
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center provides innovative programming designed to
educate and stimulate members of every age. We have customized leadership training
to help our Sisterhood members be the best they can be. Our Sisterhood is dedicated
to creating a vibrant Jewish community with the values of Jewish tradition.
BE INFORMED ... about women’s issues, world communities, the arts, health, the
family, Jewish traditions. Our Sisterhood has programming and activities ranging
from community service and world affairs to Judaic studies.
BE ENRICHED ... by sharing ideas with members of our Sisterhood. Enhance
your personal, family and community life through participation in our wide array of
programs and classes.
BE INSPIRED... and make your personal mark on your community, the Conservative
Movement and the world at-large. Participate in local projects to better the lives of
those in need. Respond to advocacy initiatives.
BE INVOLVED ... as an organization we learn to enrich our Jewish cultural life,
support Israel, encourage social responsibility and perpetuate Conservative Judaism.
Join our network and become a part of this dynamic organization. We have
over three hundred women who work together to make our Sisterhood strong. We
have women who volunteer their time to make our events and commitments a
success. Add your voice to this large network of synagogue women. Together our
many voices can make a difference.
I thank you for giving me your trust. I thank you for the honor of working
with this board and for the honor of working for you. I will work with an open mind
and an open heart. With this fabulous group of women, together, I believe we can
accomplish anything. Together, with this board, the leadership of the past and our
members we will be successful.
L’shana Tovah, a Happy and Healthy New Year to you and your families.
—Gayle D. Bailys
Past Presidents Council
Sybil Ansbacher, Shirley Bielski, Etta Fialkow,
Ellen Freedman, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Annetta Kornblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg, Maxine Romo,
Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler, Shirley Schinasi,
Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott
Gayle Bailys
Sisterhood President
2008-2010 Officers
President
Gayle Bailys
Vice President of Education
Janice Knack
Vice President of Membership
Lara Werwa
Vice President of Programming
Beth Wolpoff
Vice President of Ways &
Means
Jennifer Plotkin
Vice Presidents of Torah Fund
Linda Bloom
Jeanine Rogozinski
Ellen Rosner
Vice President of Youth
Kim Glasgal
Corresponding Secretary
Marla Lewis
Financial Secretary
Stephany Levine
Recording Secretary
Rebekah Selevan
Social Secretary
Robin Allerding
Treasurer
Joanne Rosenberg
29
