Personnel
Administrative Staff
Lori Schoettler
Director of Finance and
Operations
It is a true honor for both of us to serve you, our synagogue
and our community, as co-directors of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. We have learned much during our
combined 20 years of experience working for you and
promise you and your families an exciting and fulfilling
future as we forge ahead.
We ensure that the mission of the Center, to inspire its
members to live a fulfilling Jewish life, will be supported by
the actions of our committees and staff. We will work closely
with all involved to keep clear lines of communication open
so that our mission is carried out with welcomed input from
the valued members of our community.
We will honor and uphold the short term and long
term goals as directed by the President, Executive Board and
Rabbi. Those goals will be incorporated into our daily work
schedules and we will remain in constant contact with key
individuals to make sure such goals are reached and exceeded.
Synagogue transformation has been key to the survival
and growth of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and we will
Christina Levine
Director of Membership
and Development
make sure that future endeavors will be done in the best
interests of present and future members. Carefully planned
capital improvements will be incorporated into any such
transformation to make sure everyone benefits from their
investments in the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The day-to-day operations of Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s schools will be done with the utmost efficiency
and care. We will serve as liaisons and support between
the school’s staff and lay leadership, with an emphasis on
cooperation that will leave no doubt that your children are
getting a quality and memorable education.
These are exciting times at the Center and we want you
to know that we are proud to be leading the way toward what
we know will be a prosperous future in a sacred community.
Wishing you and your loved ones a New Year of health,
happiness and meaning.
-Christina Levine & Lori Schoettler
11
