A Message from Rabbi Cohen
What will your gift be to the world this year?
Within the Rosh Hashanah liturgy
there is a text that reminds us to
be responsible stewards to the
world around us. “Hayom harat olanT -
“This day the world was called into being”
- are the words that come before we say
that today is the day all of the creatures of
the universe stand in judgment before God.
As we present ourselves and are judged for
our actions these words remind us of our
responsibility to the world and to God. As
partners in creation we bear responsibility
of the direction of the environment and the world in which
we live. Now more than ever, as we prepare to stand in
judgment before the birthday of the world, all that can be
done rests on our shoulders. As we approach the yamim
noraim, we should consider how we engage with the
world around us. If today is the birthday of the world and
we have a new year ahead of us, what will your gift be to
the world this year?
In the traditional Jewish model of our partnership
with God we are empowered to work the land - being
its stewards and looking after the earth. In the Book of
Breishit, God commands Adam “/ ’ovdah u ’Ishomrah, to
till and tend the land.” The Midrash in Kohelet Rabbah
tells a story that expresses a surprisingly modem approach
to the environment and this partnership: “When God
created the first man God showed him all the trees in the
Garden of Eden and said, ‘see how beautiful and perfect
are My works! All that I have created, I have created for
you. Therefore, be ever mindful: Do not abuse or desolate
My world. For if you abuse or desolate it, there is no one
to repair it after you.” (Kohelet Rabbah 7:26)
This approach places us at the center of the world.
We use nature though we dominate the world. As humans,
we are ostensibly the most important beings. As stewards
and partners with God, we are liable for
our actions. We bear responsibility for the
consequences that follow. Over the past
couple of years I have become involved
with the organization Hazon, a Jewish
organization that works to create a healthier
and more sustainable Jewish community
as a step towards a healthier and more
sustainable world. Known for organizing
bike rides in the United States and Israel,
Hazon also convenes a program to assist
Jews in understanding kashrut from an
environmental perspective. For nearly 3,000 years kashmt
has been an integral part of our lives as we look at what is fit
- what is kosher for us to eat. The work of Hazon reminds
us that the food choices we make have consequences for
ourselves as individuals and for the global community.
Purchasing organic products or belonging to a
community supported agriculture program may not have
been hallmarks of traditional Kashrut or what the rabbis
had in mind in the Midrashic story of God speaking to
Adam, but perhaps it is time for us to adopt practices that
deepen our commitment to thinking seriously about how
and what we eat. As stewards of the earth, the birthday of
the world and the yamim noraim are ideal times for us to
consider how we will mark the occasion. If we understand
that we are created in God’s image - nivra adam btzelem
elohim - and that we are an extension of God’s presence
on earth, then we have a tremendous gift to give to the
world and to one another this year.
Michele and Benjamin join me in wishing the entire
community a shana tova u ’metuka, a good, sweet and
healthy new year.
—Rabbi Raft Cohen
Rabbi Rafi Cohen
7
