— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool
Located in the Selevan Preschool & Day Care Center
A Message from the Early Childhood Director
Each child who enters the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Preschool becomes part of the
Center family. We view each child as
a unique and precious gift entrusted
into our care. Our teachers are carefully
chosen not only for their experience and
credentials, but for their warmth and
caring. Our entire faculty works closely
with each child to help develop their
self-esteem through problem solving,
encouraging self-expression and offering
positive reinforcement. We take delight in our children,
care for their individual needs, and work tirelessly to
provide them with the greatest gift of all, a love for
learning. Everyone at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Preschool is committed to supporting our families in
raising healthy, happy, and secure children that will be
successful in school and in life.
We offer a unique Judaic program led by Morah
Rachel & Morah Miriam. They visit each classroom three
times a week and work with our wonderful classroom
teachers to integrate Jewish values, music, stories and
crafts into our everyday curriculum. Rabbi Lubliner,
Rabbi Cohen and Hazzan Holzer enrich our program
through sing-a-longs, cooking projects,
dramatic story telling, ceremonies, and
answering questions.
We welcome all our parents to join
our Preschool Parent Association. Each
month we meet to share our joys, current
preschool happenings, and to plan future
events. Our parents are an important
part of our school. With their help we
are able to offer creative programming,
baked snacks, wonderful story times and
so much more.
We believe that it takes a village to raise a child
and we are honored to be an important part of our
families’ lives. We look forward to a wonderful year
working with our families and watching our children
blossom.
On behalf of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Preschool faculty and staff, I wish you a Shana Tova
U’Metukah, a Healthy and Happy New Year.
— Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Director
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
Director
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Preschool Admissions
Donna Slavin
Administrative Assistant
80
