Committees and Organizations
2009 - 2010 Center Choir
For over 59 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving
liturgical music. Over the years, they have given numerous
concerts featuring members of the choir, and nationally
acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have
been singing with this group for twenty years or more. New
members are always welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733-
6979.
Scouting
Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14 completed anther adventous year! The boys
worked on their merit badges and learned basic boy scout
skills. They attended summer camp in North Carolina at
Camp Boones Boro at Camp Daniel Boone. They worked on
their merit badges and scouting skills.
Senior Patrol Leader Joey Dranetz lead orienteering
class, while the patrol leaders, Charles Pitt and Zach Sandler,
worked hard educating the new scouts in scouting basics.
Bruce Goldring did a fine job as scout master and we thank
him for all his efforts.. We welcome the new scout master of
Troop 14 - Jeffrey Sandler. A lifelong scout, he is bringing
new ideas and to the troop such as the first Court of Honor,
Family Night and the Spring camp out, held at Jekyll Island.
2010 will be the 100th Anniversary of scouting in
America. Troop 14, founded in 1919, is one of the oldest
troops in Florida.
Boys, ages 11 to 18 are encouraged to become part of
the proud tradition of scouting at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Attend our meetings on Thursday evenings at 7 PM
in the Center’s Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge.
— Dayan Sandler
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 has been a part of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center youth program for 69 years and is the oldest
pack in northeast Florida with a continuous charter. Scouting
continues to create global leaders with strong abilities while
enjoying wholesome outdoor activities with friends and
family.
2009-2010 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Lois Gosa, Debby Kaye,
Stevie Levine, Lenny Maiman, Steven Meisel, Karen Morse,
Judy Geller Nevel, David Organes, Peggy Organes,
Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein,
Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon, and Steve Solomon.
23
