President’s Message
When I look back over the period of almost two years
that I have had the honor of holding the distinguished
office of President of our Congregation, I see a period of
time that has been most enriched by heartwarming occur¬
rences and gratifying experiences that can be had in no
other way than by occupying high office in a synagogue.
Every Sabbath service in the synagogue is an en¬
lightening experience in Jewish life. There is the naming
of a baby, there is a Bar Mitzvah or Bas Mitzah, there is
the presence of a prospective bride and groom and, yes,
there are those who are present to recite the Kaddish in
memory of the departed. The full gamut of life appears
before us at the synagogue. There are the children in the
Junior Congregation service on the Sabbath and there
is the soul stirring sight of their numbers as they come into
the synagogue in a body on the Saturdays that a Bar or
Bas Mitzvah is being celebrated. And there is the look of
surprise that registers on the faces of the people who see
this sight for the first time as if to ask, is it possible that
so many children are interested in attending Sabbath
services.
For myself, there is the satisfaction in knowing that I
have had the opportunity to play some part in making
these things possible. I would make no attempt to lead
vou to believe that the office of President of such a
j
congregation as ours is all sweetness and light, all honorary
and formal. There are problems that are worrisome and
there are tasks that are time-consuming. But all of this
is far outweighed by the deep satisfaction that comes
from performing a community service from which such
tangible results are apparent.
Our congregation has continued on the path of
progress which has marked its existence since the begin¬
ning. The past year we have completed the construction
of our School Building which has relieved a situation of
overcrowding and inconvenience. At the same time the
work of remodeling the Synagogue Building was finished.
We are now in the process of acquiring property which,
while it will not entirely remedy our automobile parking
problem, will help considerably to alleviate it.
We have made necessary increases in our staff so that
we can offer a most complete program to our membership
and their families and so that we can have a more efficient
operation of the Center, its programs and its physical
facilities.
All of these things have been accomplished because
there is a spirit of loyalty on the part of the membership
BURTON I. GROSSMAN
of our congregation. No few men, no set of officers, no
spiritual leader could have made these things come to pass
without the support of our congregation. I believe that
we are fortunate in that our membership senses its obliga¬
tion to a tradition and a faith that has inspired Jewish
people since the beginning of time. I know that the
loyalty, the sense of responsibility and the desire to provide
our families with facilities of which we can all be proud,
and a program which is most constructive, will enable us
to go forward during the coming year with the same
enthusiastic support which has permitted the Jacksonville
Jewish Center to develop into the outstanding institution
it is today.
On behalf of all of the officers and the membership
of the Board of Directors and the Board of Trustees I
extend to the entire membership of the Center and to all
our friends sincere wishes for a Happy and a Good
New Year.
uLe Shanah Tovah Tikatevu"
17
