Rabbi’s Message
The Center Year Book serves many purposes. Greeting
the Jewish Religious New Year is one of them. Through
its columns we exchange good wishes and call upon the
Almighty for His blessings upon our members, friends and
dear ones. It achieves even more.
Our Year Book helps resolve some imponderable ques¬
tions that are bound to invade our consciousness as we face
a new year:
J
What sort of year is before us?
j
Shall it be a year like any other year?
J é J
What is really new about a new year?
Hold several editions of the Center Year Book side by
side and you will be impressed by the profound meaning
that a year spells out in one’s life.
The casual observer will thumb through the pages of
the congregation’s annual record and notice a constant
pattern. He will see striking similarities. The same de¬
partments, the same activities, the same features. To this
casual observer the page of Bar Mitzvah boys and Bas
Mitzvah girls in this year's book is exactly like its counter¬
part in last year's. Photographs of Religious School classes
or of young people at an activity are exact replicas of
those he had seen before.
Fortunately, we are not all “casual observers’'. Those of
us who are involved in the Center's activities and work
intimately with the individuals participating in them, know
the difference. The sameness vanishes upon closer in¬
spection; personal concern and interest bring out finer
details.
Surely the photographs are not “all the same" to parents
of the hundreds of children who appear on the pages of
this Year Book. This holds true also of children whose
parents are highlighted because of their significant roles
in the dedicated service to the synagogue.
Superficially, one Year Book may look like another. In
its essential character it assumes living personality and a
vitalitv of its own.
j
No, one year in our lives is not just like another! Should
anyone be inclined to succumb to the monotony of events
and happenings, the Center Year Book will help him re¬
gain perspective. In fact, the least amount of considered
thought would lift us from being lulled into humdrum and
even-toned regard of life.
On the approach of this past year I took occasion to
reflect in one of my messages on personal milestones that
the year marked. I spoke of the quarter century of matri¬
mony and the silver anniversary of my ordination in the
rabbinate. Half of that span of years my family and I
shared with our beloved congregation. The Confirmation
Class this past Shavuot was the 13th that I had inducted
into its status within the congregation. I called it my “Bar
DR. SANDERS A. TOFIELD
Mitzvah" class. In the space of the past 12 months my
family and I had both joy and sorrow. This year too was
not just another year.
While it is not possible humanly to penetrate into the
future and know what sort of year is before us, there is
no question that no year is just like any other year.
Basically this is the meaning of observing the beginning
of a new year with religious worship.
With appropriate humility for what remains to be ac¬
complished, for tasks that fall within the realm of our
responsibility as moral individuals and as members of a
congregation, that we have not fulfilled to our utmost
ability. With a sense of profound gratitude that the Di¬
vine Power guiding our destinies provided us with many
satisfactions and moments of exhilaration. With con¬
sequent hopeful spirit and implicit reliance on God’s love
for his children and creatures. With intercession that the
Divine will direct the world into happier spheres of human
relations. With all these sentiments combined into a
genuine outpouring of soulful worship, the ushering in of a
New Year should prove an exhilarating experience.
The brief “L’Shanah Tovah" prayerful wish we express
to one another on Rosh Hashanah embraces some such
reflections conveyed in this message. I affirm here some¬
thing that should be obvious but often overlooked. Short
statements of religious content and intent may become per¬
functory social amenities. Let us make a conscious effort
to avoid this pitfall. Let us reflect on the God-given bless¬
ing of life and the periods of time in which it is realized.
Let us hold sacred the year ahead and step into it with
spiritual dedication.
Pray the Almighty, it be a year of blessing, happiness,
well-being, peace.
15
