Know Your Center
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is
“The Conservative Synagogue in Jacksonville”
Scope of Activities
Introduction
For over half a century the Center has provided a
modern program in Jewish experience, ever increasing
its services and facilities. Our Year Book reviews the
programs and activities we make available for religious
inspiration, education and Jewish living. These are only
too well known to our loyal membership. For the benefit
of new members and newcomers to the city, we set forth
our program in brief. We also call attention that the
name “Center5 is to be distinguished from organizations
by similar names in other communities that are primarily
recreational Centers. We are a “Synagogue-Center55.
Religious Services
Daily: Mornings, 7:30 A.M. (8:30 on Sundays)
Evenings, at sunset (including the eves of Sab¬
baths and Festivals)
Sabbath and Festivals:
Evenings, 8 o'clock
Mornings: Early service, 8:45; Reading of
Torah, 9:30; Musaf, 10 to 11:15 A.M.
High Holidays: Members and their families, service¬
men and out-of-town guests are accommodated in our
air-conditioned Auditorium which seats 1400. (We do
not “sell seats55 as the expression goes in some com¬
munities. )
Personal Observances
Our religious leadership supplements public worship
with services on personal occasions at the Synagogue and
home, such as: Circumcision, naming of girls, Pidvon
Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confirmations, Mar¬
riages, Conversion to Judaism, Bereavement.
Education
Daily Kindergarten: Monday to Friday, 9 to 12 noon.
Week-day Hebrew School: Classes for boys and girls
meet on alternate afternoons of the week in three
divisions:
1. Primary Grades: “Play way to Hebrew ", for pupils
6 to 8 years of age.
2. Elementary Grades.
3. Advanced Grades.
Sunday Religious School:
Sunday mornings, 10 to 12 noon; Pre-Kindergarten
through 10th Grade, Confirmation Class.
Junior Congregation:
Sabbath and Festival mornings, services held in separate
Chapels according to age.
Youth Services:
Sabbath and Festival mornings at 10 o'clock for senior
youth.
Minyan Club:
Sunday mornings at 8:45 for boys of Bar Mitzvah
age, followed by Breakfast sponsored by the Center
Men’s Club.
Adult Courses:
Lecture series are presented as available. Institutes on
specific subjects are arranged in convenient units of
study. Special classes and discussion groups are ar¬
ranged as called for.
Extension Services
Affiliated Organizations:
Sisterhood, Men's Club, Couples Club, Amity Club,
Mr. and Mrs. Club, Young People’s League. Each of
these organizations is described in appropriate sections
of the Center Year Book.
Youth Activities:
United Synagogue Youth, organized in two chapters,
Center Youth League and Charles Palot Club; Major’s
Pre-Teens, Tween-Agers—for high school, Junior high
school and grade school youth.
Scouting: Boy Scouts and Cub Pack, Girl Scouts and
Brownies.
Athletics: Programs for youth and adults, men and
women, conducted at our Gym and outdoors, also at
various communitv facilities.
J
Social Events: Scheduled by the various organizations on
special occasions or in connection with regular worship
and meetings.
Community Service: The Center’s facilities are available
not only for the celebration of personal events, such as
weddings, and Bar or Bas Mitzvahs, but are also used
by youth and adult organizations, civic groups and inter¬
faith groups.
Cemeteries: Memorial Parks located at Evergreen Avenue
and Winona Drive and at 40th Street, East of Main St.
are owned and maintained by the congregation.
Center Bulletin: The “Center Bulletin" appears weekly
during the active season and is mailed to our member¬
ship and to interested persons whose names and ad¬
dresses are submitted to the office.
Center Year Book: For a fuller description of the Center
program and activities, the Center Year Book published
annually on the eve of Rosh Hashanah offers a bird's
eye view of events for the preceding 12 month period,
vital statistics of the membership, Hebrew Religious
Calendar for the coming year, directory of community
organizations and other departments.
9
