Ilie Center Men’s Club
The Center Men’s Club is looking forward to its 15th year of existence, the 1959-60
season, with renewed dedication. All these years the Men’s Club has bent its energies towards
being of service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center in its manifold programs. In this primary
function the Men’s Club expects to match and exceed the record of the year just past in
the coming year.
Looking over the record of last year, selecting the highlights as samplings of what thz
Men’s Club does, we find an interesting variety of activities. At the very beginning of the
season we cooperated with the Synagogue and its Religious School departments by offering
souvenir flags at Simhat Torah Hakafot services to the children. On October 19 we hold
our Paid-up Member Dinner when Milton Felder received the Sam Bryan Award for
outstanding service to the organization. On November 20 we participated in the annual joint
meeting with the Temple Brotherhood. Our annual Blood Bank Drive was held in February.
In the field of adult Jewish education in which the Center Men’s Club has cooperated
with the Center’s affiliated organizations over the years, this past year we helped sponsor
the series of classes and discussions conducted by Rabbi Tofield. It consisted of two courses:
“Sabbath Institute for Men” and later “How to Conduct the Seder” Institute.
We again sponsored a Religious School picnic at the close of the school year. On May 24
at the closing Assembly of the Religious School we presented a series of awards. Recipients
appear in the photograph on this page, together with other honorees. Among our standing
projects is the sponsorship of the breakfast for the Minyan Club Sunday mornings. Its
activities are portrayed in other parts of this book.
The new administration which includes officers, board of directors and executive com¬
mittee composed of men who have been outstanding in their zeal for the organization is
poised to initiate many new activities while continuing with the traditional programs. We are
sponsoring a Bowling League already in progress. At monthly dinner meetings we will again
serve delicious meals and present on the program distinguished speakers on religion, sports
and politics. Dinner meetings are held the first Thursday of the month.
All men interested in affiliation may contact one of the officers or come to visit us
at regularly scheduled dinner meetings.
HAROLD EINBINDER
OFFICERS
President Harold Einbinder
Vice-Pres Edwin Presser
Secretary Hugh Schulman
Treasurer Milton Felder
Membership Co-Chairman Sam
Rosenblum and Joseph Lipson
Left to Right: Jack Bettman, honorable mention, Pre-Jr. Cong; Richard Browdy, Jr. Congregation Award; Bruce Yer-
gin, Bernard Glossman Award for Scouting; Simon Selber, Hackel Cup for outstanding student in Sunday Religious
School; Doris Newman, Outstanding Hebrew School Pupil; Seeman Zimmerman, Pre-Jr. Congregation; Rose Raskin,
honorable mention, Hackel Cup to outstanding student; Brian Benwick, honorable mention, Pre-Jr. Cong.
Mr. David Lewis, President of the Center Men’s Club, presenting the Bernard Glossman Award for Scouting to Bruce
Yergin as the outstanding Scout of the year.
31
