Religious Education and
Youth Activities Section
The 36 pages that follow immediately in this Year Book are devoted
to Religious Education and Youth Activities, including Athletics, also
closely associated with the work of these two departments. In addition, the
pages further on in the book devoted to general activities also portray
events and programs that properly belong in this section.
Religious Education
The Religious School system at the Jacksonville Jewish Center keeps
pace with the most advanced thinking in the area of religious education
for congregational schools that is advocated and developed by the Joint
Commission on Religious Education sponsored by the United Synagogue
of America and the Rabbinical Assembly of America. The new Classroom
Building completed in the past year and curricular improvements intro¬
duced hold promise for a season of educational achievement that will bring
about inspired Jewish living. While we present an imposing record mostly
by means of photographs, the picture remains only general. Members
of the congregation and parents especially are urged to take active part in
the programs of the Religious School. They will thus gain a genuine
appreciation of the enormous effort that our Religious Education depart¬
ments require and receive.
youth Activities
With the appointment of an Activities Director this department looks
forward to a season of even greater accomplishment than in the past.
Mr. Fischer came to us this past summer and directed the Summer Day
Camp. That project showed substantial progress over the summer. As
the coming season unfolds, the various youth projects sponsored by the
congregation will find their programs intensified and amplified. What we
said above about the portrayal of the work of the Religious Education
departments in this Year Book is equally relevant to the Youth Activities.
MR. TED GROSS
Principal
DR. NATHAN J. SCHNEIDER
Chm., Education Committee
ROBERT FISCHER
Activities Director
ROBERT WOLF
Chm., Youth Committee
49
