Charles Palüt Club
OFFICERS
President Marvin Slott
1st Vice-President Gail Grossman
2nd Vice-President Doris Newman
Corresponding Secretary Carole Fishier
Recording Secretary Susan Krivan
Treasurer Bruce Yergin
Chaplain Linda Halpern
The Charles Palot Club has completed a very successful year under Mrs. M. J. Reiser,
Advisor.
The year began with a membership picnic held at the Center. In Nov. the Installation
Dance took place and in Feb., a Valentine Dance was held. The year ended with a Banquet
and Dance and Installation of Officers for the coming year.
MARVIN SLOTT
The Club contributed to the Building Fund, sold candy and cake for the Building Spiritual Bridges Fund, helped the Sisterhood in
their Bazaar and assisted with the Cerebral Palsy Drive.
In December Susan Edwards and Donna Hackel represented the Charles Palot Chapter at the National Convention in Buffalo, N. Y.
eight members represented the Club at the Southeast Regional U.S.Y. Convention in Hollywood, Fla.
Major’s Pre-Teens
OFFICERS
President, Bobby Wolfson; Vice-President, Sheila Kramer;
Recording Secretary, Phyllis Glossman; Corresponding Secre¬
tary, Madelyn Levin; Treasurer, Charles Slott; Sgt.-at-arms,
Frank Moss; Religious Chairman, Eleanor Safer; Advisors,
Mrs. Bernard Glossman and Mrs. I. Gartner.
Major’s Pre-Teens this past year has accomplished many
things with the capable assistance of their Advisor, Mrs. M.
J. Reiser.
Many social events were held. The Club earned money
and contributed to the Building Fund. This summer the
members are making dolls for the children at the Duval County
Hospital.
In May new officers were elected and installed by Mrs. Reiser,
leaders, Rose Zager and Cynthia Stillman.
Pictured on this page is the Major’s Pre-Teens Club at their
Their meetings and social events were attended by the two C.P.C.
Outer Space Party held at the Center.
Tween-Agers Installation Banquet. Charles
Robert Fischer.
Tween-Agers
OFFICERS
President, Leon Talpalar; Vice-President, Arlene Kramer; Secretary, Gail Price;
Treasurer, Debbie Lederman; Advisors, Mrs. Harold Hart, Mrs. Jack Dittman,
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer, Mrs. Saul Zavon.
About fifty 5th and 6th graders joined the Tween-Agers this year and enjoyed
a varied program. They inaugurated the celebration of member’s birthdays every
month. Several successful affairs were held including an Installation supper.
Slott, Past President; Mrs. Louis Slott; Mrs. Bernard Glossman; Ada Hinda Block;
73
