Jewish Welfare Society
Lawrence Rackow
Officers
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
3rd Vice-President
Treasurer
Executive Director
Frank Benjamin
Dr. Irving Diamond
A. H. Rothstein
George Proctor
David Moss
....Lawrence Rackow
Frank Benjamin
The year 1958, was a busy and important one in the 41 year history of the Jewish Welfare Society. The first six months of 1959
give promise of an even busier one.
For the first time in eight years, and after searching unsuccessfully for more than a year for a graduate school trained worker, we
had, for the entire year, a case worker as well as a director on the staff. This made possible the resumption of full case work service for the
applicants and residents of the River Garden Home, the joint undertaking of a limited but fairly impressive rehabilitation program, and
fuller service for the increasing number of requests from the local Jewish community. The case worker left us but in June we were able to
hire Mrs. Dawson Oppenheimer, a graduate school trained worker, on a part-time basis. We have promise of hiring a full time worker
in June, 1960.
Even though it meant deficit financing, we were able to meet the more numerous requests for financial assistance during the slight
recession of business adjustment in the early part of 1958. This helped motivate a careful re-examination of our policies, especially on
financial assistance, and our assumption of responsibility for children who are not suitable for adoption as well as those who are. In 1958,
we continued our enviable position of having infants to place for adoption and placed three. In the first six months of 1959, we had none
to place. In 1958, we had one child in our custody and supervised another in foster care. In the first six months of 1959, we had two
children in our custody and supervised a third.
Administratively, we changed from a large “membership board”, plus an executive committee, to an executive board, with active
committees. This appears to be much more effective.
In the first six months of 1959, there was a notable increase in the number of marital counselling cases and serious parent-child prob¬
lems—especially with teenagers, that came to our attention. Some of the problems were of long duration and it was only after much
damage had been done, that help was sought. May we take this opportunity to encourage you, the members of the community, when
faced with a complicated social or psychological problem, to make early use of our service.
Our best wishes for a happy and prosperous New Year.
Best Wishes For A Happy & Prosperous
New Year
MARLIN’S FURNITURE CO.
MARVIN LAZARUS—Owner
5412 NORMANDY BLVD. EV 9-8836
PLOOF TRANSFER
1901 HILL ST.
EL 3-8641
PENINSULAR PEST CONTROL
711 S. MAIN ST.
EX 8-9638
MARTINEZ-BAKER
RAMBACH & SONS
ELECTRIC CONTRACTORS
PLUMBING - HEATING
5879 MONCRIEF RD.
PO 4-4515
3635 PEARL ST.
EL 6-5681
WILSON’S
JULIAN T. WILSON
24 W. DUVAL ST.
EL 3-1835
GUILD OPTICIANS
— Serving Jacksonville Over 25 Years
SOUTHSIDE OFFICE
Lobby - Prudential Bldg. EX 8-0734
Please Remember our Advertisers — / hey Deserve your Patronage
135
