Community Organizations
On the pages that follow we list organizations active in the Jewish community of Jacksonville. The statements
of the respective organizations are edited only by the dictates of available space. In addition to those organizations
listed, there are two other Synagogues in the city: Congregation Ahavath Chesed, Reform; Congregation Etz
Hayim, Orthodox.
The Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
HAROLD KATZ
OFFICERS
President Max Leitman
Exec. Vice-President Edgar M. Felson
Vice-Presidents
Lionel L. Gaines, Robert H. Jacobs, Jerome L. Kipnis,
Mrs. Herman Klausner, Alvin Leitman, Al L. Schneider,
Ben Stein, Bert Whitfield, Dr. Sam Witten
Treasurer Herbert Panken
Secretary Scotty Witten
Auditor Robert M. Rieders
Exec. Director Harold E. Katz
Honorary Presidents
Alexander Brest, P. N. Coleman, Edgar M. Felson,
Flarry Gendzier, David Harris, Morton R. Hirschberg,
Leonard Moss, Sam W. Wolfson.
MAX LEITMAN
The Jewish Community Council, after a thorough self study, which evaluated and assessed its purpose, functions and program for the
greater Jacksonville Jewish Community, has adopted a new look and a new concept of service to individuals, groups, organizations, and
to the general community.
In order to meet the many needs of a dynamic and growing Jewish Community that now totals over 5,COO Jews, the Jewish Com¬
munity Council has set up several new departments and committees such as: The United Jewish Welfare Fund - to conduct the annual
campaign for funds for Overseas and Israel agencies, and for National and Local causes; Over $155,000.00 was raised in 1958-59; The
Community Relations Committee has broadened its scope to include concern over Internal affairs, Middle East impact, Inter-faith, Civil
liberties, Church-State, and Mass Media, in order to combat anti-semitism and build for a more favorable acceptance of one Jew for
another, and for greater understanding of Judaism and its customs by the non-Jewish community.
A new Committee on Community Planning was formed to study, evaluate, and recommend changes in the present programs of
agencies and for the creation of extended services and new programs to meet community needs. A new department of Community
Services was established to assume responsibility for leisure-time needs in the community. Operation of a day camp serving over 100
children on a non-sectarian basis, programs for Single Adults, Jewish Youth Council, Jewish Cultural Series and other mutually agreed
upon projects have been functioning.
The Jacksonville Jewish Community Council is a voluntary association of individuals and organizations, organized for the broad pur¬
poses of fund-raising, combating anti-semitism, planning and coordination, and Community Services for leisure-time activities, so that the
values of a creative Jewish Community can be perpetuated and transmitted from generation to generation.
WATTS BODY COMPANY
DUO PAINTING
BODY &
FENDERWORK
322 W. STATE ST.
We Specialize In Rebuilding Foreign Cars
EL 4-7463
BURBRIDGE
REALTY CO.
JAKES NEWS
STAND
309 W. FORSYTH ST.
EL 4-6646
116 JULIA ST.
EL 4-8779
Please Remember our Advertisers ^ They Deserve your Patronage 129
