The Jewish Religious Calendar
GENERAL EXPLANATIONS
The Jewish Religious Calendar is the result of many
stages of development. In ancient times the unit of time
was the month, determined by the phases of the moon. The
Hebrew Calendar was thus lunar. However, since religious
festivals are observed annually at given seasons the calendar
also became solar. The two systems of measuring time were
harmonized by means of leap years in the following man¬
ner. The lunar month consists of 29/2 days. In seven of
a 19 year cycle an extra month is added. The year 5720
for instance, has only 12 months while last year had a
13th month.
The Jewish Religious Calendar that appears in the
following pages of the Center Year Book is arranged ac¬
cording to the months of the Civil Calendar, the Hebrew
date appears in the lower left corner under the large
number.
Fridays and the eve of Festivals, as well as the first day
of Festivals, carry the symbol L.C., “Light Candles”. The
hour that follows this symbol is 18 minutes prior to sunset,
based on information furnished by the United States Wea¬
ther Bureau for Jacksonville.
Rosh Hodesh, “Beginning of the Month”, is observed
with special prayers in the service for that day and with the
Blessing of the New Month on the Sabbath previous. When
the new moon appears in the middle of the day the out¬
going month consists of 30 days and the last day is con¬
sidered the first day Rosh Hodesh for the coming month.
The Sid rah, the portion of the Torah for the week, is
indicated on Saturday’s date. Special Sabbaths are named
and are explained below under the Hebrew month in which
they occur.
See Explanatory Notes in Last Year’s Center Year Book for the
historic associations and religious reasons of the Holidays, Festi¬
vals, minor Feasts, Fast Days and special Sabbaths.
SPECIAL OCCASIONS
Sabbath. Two Candlesticks and the Kiddush cup; loaf
of twisted Hallah bread in the background, inscription:
“Sabbath holiness”.
Rosh Hashanah. Shofar, with set of scales symbolic
of divine judgment in the background. Inscription: “Happy
New Year” on top; “Repentance” together with the two
Hebrew words in the next panel occur in the Unetane
Tokef prayer.
Y om Kip pur. Prayer Book with the verse “On this
day shall Atonement be made for you” inscribed on its open
pages; Charity plate; with a tall taper alongside. Inscrip¬
tion: “Prayer and Charity,” completing the quotation “Re¬
pentance, Prayer and Charity lead to Grace and Salvation.”
Sukkot. Lulav (palm branch) set into a holder with
myrtle and willow branches, an Etrog (citron) lies along¬
side. Inscription: “Thou shall rejoice in thy feast.”
Hanukah. Menorah with candles; shield with letter
“mem” for Maccabees and cruse of oil in background. In-
scription: “Rock of Ages, my Salvation”.
Purim. Megillah scroll of Esther; in background,
crown and scepter. Inscription: “Peace to all his seed.”
Passover. Four cups, embellished with grape leaves
representing the fourfold promise of redemption. In baek-
ground, three matzohs. Inscription: “Let my people go
that they worship me.”
Shavuot. Torah scroll in decorated cover with silver
ornaments. In background; stalks of wheat and grapevines
symbolic of Bikkurim, first fruits. Inscription: “Torah of
Truth.”
Please Remember our Advertisers .—■ They Deserve your Patronage
161
