Kneeling: Michael Shorstein, President; Sam Jacobson, Vice-President, and
Robert Zimmerman, Vice-President; Standing: Sheila Goldstein, Treasurer;
Lori Plotkin, Corres. Secretary; Kathy Korn, Recording Secretary; Holly
Ruby, Vice-President; Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Goldstein, Advisors.
A year is past and I hope about 36 people are
better for it through Charles Palot Club (U.S.Y.).
We’ve been through a lot this year, Conventions,
Chapter Weekend, the Zoo, Sabbath Services, speakers,
and board meetings. We’ve learned from each other
and grew with each other.
I personally am going on to be Secretary of Tri-
City and I hope I can help you this coming year. I
wish the best of luck for this year’s officers and only
hope they know they can turn to me for anything they
need.
There are a few people that deserve more than
thanks. They are Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Goldstein, Mrs.
Blanche Slott and Gail Price for their constant pati¬
ence and understanding with any problems.
U.S.Y. stands for United Synagogue Youth. I
only wish Jacksonville can be united in the many ways
as it stands for United in spirit, United in goal and
United in its love for Judaism.
May each U.S.Y.’er learn to strengthen the next.
U.
s.
Y ours
Rochelle Zucker
11111111111111111 it iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiniiim,,aii,,ni l•lll■lll■lll>llllllllllll■lM<•llll■lllllTlllllll■l■l■llllllllllll•l•■ll•■l•ll•ll•ll•l■l•■ll••l•■lll•■ll■•l■•ll•l•ll•••l•|||•l•■|||||,
JKacL
ivna
u. s. %
President Scott Greenfield
Vice-President Sharon Saraga
Treasurer David Silberstein
Secretary Barbara Baker
Program Chairman Lyn Levine
Membership Chairman Stephen Goldman
Membership in Kadima is open to boys and girls
in the 7th grade. Kadima is the pre-teen organization
in the same family as USY, inasmuch as it is a part
of the United Synagogue of America. However, Ka¬
dima is not a preview of the U.S.Y. Its programs and
activities are designed especially for this age group.
A wide range of programs under the leadership of
Mr. and Mrs. Larry Haft, included a Bar-B-Que at the
Southside Site, Roller Skating, a visit to the Children’s
Museum, paticipation in the Sisterhood Purim Carni¬
val and a Model Seder resulted in a most successful
year.
Under the new leadership of Mr. and Mrs. Eli
Becker, assisted by Rochelle Zucker and USY, Kadima
will continue to go forward.
103
