President Bennett Hirsh
Vice-Presidents Frances Bay
Donald D. Cohn
Theodore Edidin
Lawrence L. Jaben
David Konigsburg
Dr. Morris Price
Treasurer Edward Siegel
Lawrence Rackow,
Director
Bennett Hirsh,
President
Founded in 4917, the JFCS is the 2 man casework
agency of the Jewish Community. Organized as the
United Jewish Charities, by the merging of three in¬
dependent groups, Jacksonville became one of the first
Jewish communities its size, to have a special agency
to deal with family problems and problems of poverty.
In 1922 it assumed the name of Jewish Welfare Asso¬
ciation. It was incorporated as the Jewish Welfare
Society in 1929 when it was one of the founders of
the Community Chest. It was professionalized in 1946.
Its current director came in 1952. It assumed its
present name in 1962.
Its main service is counseling on an individual, fam¬
ily and group basis. It is a licensed child placing
agency providing adoption services, including work
with unmarried Mothers, and foster home care. It
provides short term financial assistance (that in some
cases extend for several years) to local residents. It
also provides transient services, day camp scholarships
and processes applications for interest free college
loans from the Jewish Childrens’ Services. Its services
to the Aged, who take up more than 40% of the clients,
includes local intake for the River Garden Hebrew
Home, service in their own home and Friendly Visit¬
ing. Its outreach programs include monthly meetings
with the Jewish patients at the State Hospital at
McClenny and weekly sessions with prisoners at Rai-
ford. A youth rap and encounter group was begun in
1971 and is flourishing. Its resettlement of New Amer¬
ican program, financed entirely by the Jewish Com¬
munity has been dormant for the past several years.
(Literally, as this was written, the phone rang request¬
ing help in locating work for the head of a recently
arrived family from France.) It is hoped that in the
coming year there may be the reuniting of families
who sponsored relatives living in Russia.
The number of families receiving services from the
agency continues to grow 282 in 1969, 308 in 1970 and
357 in 1971. While most situations required only coun¬
seling, in 1971 a total of $7983 was spent for 48 indi¬
viduals in 28 local families in direct grants and medical
and dental relief. Free medicines and medicines at
wholesale cost were supplied through the generosity
of a friend for those needing it. These financial needs
continued to rise in the first half of 1972 and although
the budget was increased by $500 we are faced with
a potential deficit of $2000 in this area.
A special word of thanks must be included to our
many dedicated volunteers who helped us provide
services for people. Norman Moss has for years pro¬
vided a branch office of the agency in his store for
our work with transients and who is now an enthusi¬
astic participant in our Raiford program. Walter Levy
has been giving us two days a week for the past two
years to provide transportation and deliver medication
to our homebound, to sort and deliver the greatly in¬
creased amount of donated clothing (almost $60,000
worth in 1971), to help locate work for our clients and
to help coordinate our Raiford program. Mrs. Rochelle
Geiger who increased her volunteer work to 3 days a
week in various programs of the agency.
Compliments
of
SAM SILVER & EUGENE MESNICK
Best Wishes tor a Happy New Year
MR. and MRS. JACK LEIBOWITZ & FAMILY
COMPLIMENTS OF
A FRIEND
175
