OFFICERS
President Mrs. Paul J. Witten
First Vice President Mrs. Gerald Glickstein
Second Vice President Mrs. H. C. Sims III
Third Vice President Mrs. Robert Kogan
Recording Secretary Mrs. William Dubow
Financial Secretary Mrs. Herman Paul
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Aaron Block
General Treasurer Mrs. Roy Sloat
Projects Treasurer Mrs. Lawrence Richter
River Garden Auxiliary, originally Ladies Hebrew
Sheltering Aid Society, was founded fifty-one years
ago, and today is the largest Jewish women’s organiza¬
tion in Jacksonville, having over 800 members. Those
many years ago, women of vision and courage dreamt
of providing a home for the aged, giving them shelter,
loving care, companionship and medical care. Their
dream has become a reality and the Auxiliary today
continues to endeavor to provide these services and to
maintain a personal “Home” atmosphere despite the
fact that the Home has grown into an institution
providing care for over 150 residents.
The Auxiliary’s motto since its inception has been
“Service with a Heart” and they sponsor projects such
as ceramic and art classes, publish a resident’s maga¬
Left to Right: Mrs. L. Richter, Mrs. Glickstein, Mrs. Paul
J. Witten, Mrs. Robert Kogan and Mrs. Roy Sloat. (Not
pictured, Mrs. H. C. Sims III, Mrs. Herman Paul, Mrs. Wm.
Dubow and Mrs. Aaron Block).
zine, provide transportation for non-residents to attend
weekly Golden Sunshine meetings, entertain on all
special holidays, and this year even sponsored a psy¬
chology course.
Funds raised through our Tombola, Donor and
Membership drives, as well as an ongoing project of
social printing, provide many of the extrabudgetary
needs of the Home. Fifteen Thousand Dollars donated
this year were used to refurnish and refurbish the
Moss-Feldman Wing of the Home and a pledge was
made for an additional $25,000 which will be used to
replace the air conditioning in the North Wing.
The Auxiliary pledges its continued devotion and
effort to bring material and spiritual value to River
Garden and its residents in the future.
Compliments
DUVAL LUMBER & SUPPLY CO.
GEORGE SCHUMANN TIRE CO.
1330 W. BEAVER ST.
RECAPPING REPAIRING
BATTERY SERVICE
Kelly Springfield, Pennsylvania Tires
356-4162
356-4163
Compliments
Courteous Fast Service
Complete Information
356-6379
356-6370
BRIERWOOD BUILDERS, INC.
VERNON B. SHAD
BROKER
Phone 396-6673
8879 BRIERWOOD PHONE 733-0894
2033 Flescher Ave.
Jacksonville, Florida
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
179
