* .
nat
President
Vice-President, Program
Vice-President, Membership .
Vice-President, Fund Raising
Secretary
Treasurer .....
Marilyn Metter
Susan Ghelerter
.... Mindy Benjamin
Bonnie Baumgarten
Sheri Feldman
... Cheryl Bernstein
Our Chapter, Gators BBC, had a great and building year. We started our
year with a program called Operation-Chanuka, where we made Chanuka
cards for the Jewish servicemen in Vietnam. Our program was accepted as a
Regional project and chapters all over Florida also participated in it. We
have been nominated for the District program of the year Award and also
for the Parents’ Magazine award for best program because of Operation-
Chanuka.
During the year we have done almost everything from washing cars to
Israeli singing and dancing to creating creative services. We have taken
two girls with nearby birthdays out to dinner and even had our District of¬
ficers here helping us sell donuts! We have had slumber parties, sensitivity
sessions, suprise parties, and a beautiful induction for our new members.
We have attendedconventions together, and even had one of our own here
in Jacksonville, which was both successful and a lot of fun to plan and
participate in. We have worked hard and learned a lot this year, and espe¬
cially had good times.
We had a beautiful installation, Mother’s Day with our AZA chapter
and our mothers. With our wonderful new officers we hope to build Gators
further in the coming year and make our chapter one to be proud of.
Marilyn Metter
David Friedman
David Friedman
Barry Weiss
Asa Smith
Eddie Sachs
... Glenn Kupfer
Mark Lipsky
Abe Rogozinsky
Our year passed rather swiftly. It was filled with
numerous functions. The main events were the fan¬
tastic conventions. Although the socializing was good,
I felt that we greatly increased our knowledge with
new ideas that we learned through the other chapters.
We also had the usual car washes, a progressive sup¬
per, and an unforgettable doughnut sale. We are also
proud to say that we hosted a Board meeting of all
the executives from Gainesville, Orlando, St. Peters¬
burg, Tampa and West Palm Beach and everything
went along smoothly.
I feel our upcoming year should bring about a
change, not just in A.Z.A., but in all the other major
Jewish youth organizations. The competition which
grew between us should cease and we shall all work
together as one.
A.Z.A. welcomes all who would like to become a
part of our fraternity. Shalom.
President
Vice-President
Second Vice-President..
Secretary
Treasurer
Chaplain
Sargeant-at-Arms
191
