A. B. WEIL LODGE NO. 800, B’NAI B’RITH
President Jack Coleman
First Vice-President Jack Becker
Financial Secretary .... Hyman Selber
Treasurer Joe P. Safer
Recording Secretary Ted Freedman
Chaplain Rabbi Israel L. Kaplan
Program Chairman Emanuel Ehrlich
Scholarship Fund Chairmen Leonard Cohn
and Daniel Hubsch
Publicity Chairman Sam Rosenthal
Hillel Co-chairmen Mayer Becker and
Martin Glickstein
Community & Veterans Affiars Chairman .... Ed Mass
A.D.L. Chairmen Arthur Hurwitz and
Irwin Goldberg
Membership Chairman Hyman Selber
Religious Committee Chairman Jack Becker
Sunshine Committee Chairman Martin Brauner
May we take this opportunity to extend to all our
greetings for a year of health and happiness.
To give you an idea of what B’nai B’rith does, we list:
1. Through the A.D.L. it champions the causes of
our coreligionists when attacked or misrepresent¬
ed by bigots and anti-seme tics!
2. It is a service organization, serving Jew and non-
Jew alike in promoting benevolence, brotherly
love and harmony!
3. It serves our youth on our college campuses
through the Hillel Foundation!
4. It encourages our youth through the B.B.Y.O.
programs to actively identify itself with our peo¬
ple.
5. It publishes a monthly national magazine sent to
all its members that is both informative and chal¬
lenging.
To be more specific, the local lodge has held a panel
discussion on drugs, sex and pornography; initiated a
new program this year honoring teachers in each
JACK COLEMAN
President
school—we gave over 130 plaques and have received
commendation from the Superintendent of Public In¬
struction for these awards; we always help the Salva¬
tion Army during the Christmas season by manning
their kettles.
On the International level, B’nai B’rith has over half
a million members in over forty countries, and is the
oldest fraternal organization having been organized in
1843.
On the national level the Leo N. Levi Hospital in Hot
Springs, Arkansas, for arthritis and kindred diseases;
the National Jewish Hospital in Denver, Colorado, for
tuberculosis and research; the Bellfair Home in Cleve¬
land, Ohio, for child care services; B’nai B’rith Center
Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, for social serv¬
ice programs; the Franklin D. Rosevelt Four Freedom
Library in Washington, D.C., research center for polit¬
ical science students, and the Salk Foundation for
biological studies are all sponsored by B’nai B’rith.
We can hold our heads high and offer membership to
interested and dedicated members of our faith.
SAMUEL W. WOLFSON LODGE No. 2588
President Dr. Henry Ray Wengrow
First Vice-President Edward J. Grenadier
Second Vice-President Barth A. Weinberg
Third Vice-President George Glossman
Recording Secretary E. Charles Oberdorfer
Treasurer Barry Schultz
Financial Secretary Paul Isaacs
Corresponding Secretary Alfred Freidlin
Warden Robert I. Roth
Chaplain Norman I. Brody
Board Members Stanley Gelman, Ron¬
ald Katz, Jack Levine,
Michael Lissner, Ed¬
ward J. Witten, Den¬
nis Wolf son
The Samuel W. Wolfson Lodge of B’nai B’rith would
like to wish everyone a Happy and Joyous New Year.
We invite all men to join our lodge and the activir
ties in support of the aims of B’nai B’rith, the oldest
and largest Jewish service organization in the world.
B’nai B’rith, and the Wolfson Lodge since its found¬
ing in 1966, has tried always to address itself to the
total spectrum of the Jewish community. Our activities
range from youth (BBYO and Hillel) to leading the
fight against bigotry and prejudice through the Anti-
Defamation League of B’nai B’rith. The support of
DR. HENRY WENGROW
the State of Israel will always be a prime concern of
B’nai B’rith.
The Wolfson Lodge of B’nai B’rith, with its roots
deep in the oldest monotheistic religion in the world,
strives to keep Judaism an active part of everyday
life. The twin pressures of conformity and complacency
being the antithesis of Judaism, are Judaism’s and
thus B’nai B’rith’s adversaries in the struggle to main¬
tain a unique Jewish identity with its high moral and
ethical standards. We pledge in the coming years, to
continue to fight these evils.
187
