O. 92. CJ.
WOMEN’S AMERICAN O.R.T.
Organization for Rehabilitation through Training
OFFICERS 1972 - 1973
President Mrs. Kenneth Weinstein (Linda)
Vice-President Mrs. Myron Dunay (Pepi)
Vice-President Mrs. Ronald Katz (Carole)
Vice-President Mrs. Joel Greenhut (Judi)
Vice-President Mrs. Barry Hoffman (Arline)
Treasurer Mrs. Kenneth Klausner (Paula)
Financial Secretary .. Mrs. Robert Greenfield (Sandy)
Recording Secretary .... Mrs. Michael Kersun (Mimi)
Corresponding Secty. .. Mrs. Brian Feingold (Evelyn)
Parliamentarian Mrs. Philip Bork (Ruth)
Chaplain Mrs. Walter Levy (Severne)
“Knowledge for Minds, Skills for Hands, Hope for
Hearts” — This slogan for the 1971-72 ORT Day
membership drive represents the ORT effort through¬
out Israel and the Diaspora to aid fellow Jews through
vocational rehabilitation. Although education for a
livelihood is the basis of the ORT program, other fact¬
ors such as the rise in anti-Semitism, alienation of our
Jewish youth from their traditions, and shifts in the
Jewish population, give further cause for ORT’s global
existence.
Briefly the ORT program consists of:
1. Building and/or maintenance of over 700 voca¬
tional installations, including schools in Switzerland
and Israel for teacher training.
r
2. Training more than 65,000 students annually.
3. Providing for the health, social, recreational and
religious (including Bar Mitzvahs) needs of the stu¬
dents.
4. Providing basic and apprenticeship courses as
well as those on highly technical levels.
5. Assisting underdeveloped nations in setting up
training centers.
O.R.T. SCHOOL
In addition to the above, ORT has plans for the
near future of establishing a pilot school in a Jewish
poverty area in the United States. With the increasing
needs of Israel and the Jewish communities in France
and Italy especially, financing the ORT program is a
major concern of the local chapter. Many fund raising
events are held throughout the year, the largest being
our annual Fall Art Auction.
Membership is, of course, a vital factor in any
organization, but in ORT this is particularly true. For
every two persons joining ORT another child can be
accepted in an ORT school. Our meetings are usually
the second Monday of the month and in addition to
them and our fund raising projects, we offer study
*
group activities, and new involvement in American
affairs and community service. Won't you join us?
195
