s.
enior
President Mrs. Maurice W. Goldstein
Membership Mrs. Stanley Gelman
Vice- Fund Raising Mrs. A. J. Bloom
Presidents'. Programming Mrs. Sam Rosenthal
Education Mrs. Saul Eisen
Recording Secretary Mrs. Edward Mass
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Joe. P. Safer
Financial Secretary Mrs. Jack Satin
Treasurer Mrs. Barry Zisser
Executive Board
JACKSONVILLE CHAPTER 219 OF HADASSAH
Hadassah was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold
and this year has been ■celebrating sixty years of dedi¬
cation and progress.
From its beginning, Hadassah offered women in¬
volvement in a great adventure. Hundreds of thou¬
sands from every state in the United States, including
Alaska and from Puerto Rico have been magnetized
towards Hadassah since then. This is because every
year, during the past six decades, some program of
healing, research or education, some shared experience
needing compassion and courage which started earlier
as a dream, began coming true.
Perhaps the greatest achievement of all is the meld¬
ing in Hadassah’s work of two rich, still evolving tra¬
ditions. One, rooted far back over the centuries, comes
from moral and religious concepts, common needs,
joys, sufferings, longings and hopes of the Jewish peo¬
ple. The other springs from that fierce advocacy of
man’s rights of “life, liberty and the pursuit of happi¬
ness" which - no matter what the challenges of this
and other times - is still the essence of the American
search for realization of the still unfulfilled American
dream.
The year 1971-72 was one of the most successful
in Jacksonville Hadassah’s history. All quotas were
met and oversubscribed. Our plus Medical Research
goal was completed and the name of the Jacksonville
chapter will be permanently inscribed on a device to
be placed in the Hadassah Hospital at Ein Karem,
Jerusalem.
Our meetings were outstanding, ranging from a
wine tasting party for paid up members to a female
Israeli lawyer discussing human rights on Education
Day. I don’t think any of us will forget the warm at¬
mosphere of “An Evening with Monte Hall.”
Our Summer book reviews are still very popular
and entertaining. The Hadassah’s Bazaar, located at
411 Main Street has been refurbished and revitalized
and continues to be a source of profit and satisfaction.
In the coming year we are very happy to welcome
a young woman’s group in addition to our day and
evening group.
Hadassah meets the second Tuesday of each month
from October through May. One of our groups is just
right for you. Won’t you join us?
II
miniiimi iiiiiisiiu niimmi unit i iiiiiin iiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii tiiiiiiiiiiiniitiimi
<J~Cannalt
enesc
It <£
venina
President
Fund Raising V.P
Education V.P
Membership V.P
Program V.P
Honorary Donor Chairman
Financial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary...
Treasurer
... Mrs. Leo Meizlik
Mrs. Hyman Bielski
.... Mrs. Harry Glenn
Mrs. George Ringold
Mrs. Rose Gordon
Miss Lottie Salzman
Mrs. A. Sinoff
Mrs. Albert Bressler
Mrs. Aaron Aronson
Officers
Hannah Senesch, Hadassah’s evening group, a dynamic part of the
Jacksonville Chapter, brings to the organization the experience, know¬
ledge and financial assistance of members unable to attend day-time
meetings because of business or other commitments. Their stimulating cul¬
tural, educational and fund-raising program are indicative of their sincere
interest in the further development and security of Israel. Meetings are held
the second Monday of each month in the Mt. Carmel Gardens Audi¬
torium.
185
