Jad sonvil le Jewish
omnium
\ty
c
ounci
t
Mr. Sam Rosenthal
Director
President Joel L. Goldman
Vice-President Charles Bay
Vice-President Mrs. Michael Donziger
Vice-President Richard Jaffa
Secretary Mrs. Myron Rosenburg
Treasurer Joe P. Safer
Executive Dir Samuel J. Rosenthal
Joel Goldman
President
Honorary Presidents'.
Alexander Brest, Jack Coleman, P. N. Coleman,
Edgar M. Felson, Ben Friedman, Harry Gendzier,
Morton Hirschberg, Leon Irgang, George Richter, Al.
L. Schneider.
B’nai B’rith Wolfson Lodge Henry Wengrow
B’nai B’rith A. B. Weil Lodge Hy Kliman
B’nai B’rith Women Mrs. Milton Lipkowitz
Congragation Ahavath Chesed .... Bennett M. Hirsch
Bert Kaplan
Julius L. Mack, Jr.
Congregation Ahavath Chesed Sisterhood
Mrs. Irwin Goldberg
Etz Chaim Jack Dorman
Etz Chaim Men’s Club Harry Frisch
Etz Chaim Sisterhood Mrs. Jack Eisenberg
Hadassah Mrs. Maurice Goldstein
Jewish Center Sheldon Gendzier
Leo Jacobson
Mrs. Morris Lipp
Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Jewish Center Sisterhood Mrs. Stanley Kantor
Jewish Family & Children’s Services .... Bert Whitfield
Jewish War Veterans
Nat’l Council of Jewish Women .... Mrs. Jack Coleman
ORT Mrs. Samuel I. Gibbs
ORT - Men’s Milton B. Mann
Progressive Credit Union Ed Presser
River Garden Lewis Meisel
River Garden Auxiliary Mrs. Paul Witten
Zionist Organization of America David Goodman
M embers-at-Large:
Jack Becker, Aaron Block, Stanley Davidow, Bud
Goldberg, Harry Jaffa, Robert Kogan, Hy Selber,
Louis Small, Mrs. Arnold Vandroff, Arnold Vandroff,
Mrs. Joseph Wilensky
The Jewish Community Council is the social plan¬
ning, community relations and fund raising body serv¬
ing the entire Jewish community of Jacksonville and
its environs. Its representative Board of Directors is
composed of delegates of all the major Jewish reli¬
gious, philanthropic and service organizations in the
area, plus members-at-large.
The annual community-wide United Jewish Wel¬
fare Fund Campaign provides funds for the support of
local, national and overseas needs, including the
United Jewish Appeal, and the Israel Emergency
Fund.
Local beneficiaries receiving funds are River
Garden Home for the Aged; the Jewish Family &
Children’s Services. The Council is the sponsoring
agency for the Mount Carmel Gardens.
«
The Community Calendar and its clearance ser¬
vice is maintained by the Jewish Community Council
to enable all Jewish organizations in the community
to clear dates for all their events.
The Council publishes the COMMENTATOR, a
newspaper published monthly. It is the official paper
of the Council and its member organizations.
The Council conducts community programs in cele¬
bration of special events and, through its Youth Divi¬
sion, promotes various programs for the Jewish youth
of all ages. The Council also sponsors two softball
teams in the City Recreation League.
The Council is a member of the Council of Jewish
Federations and Welfare Funds, the National Jewish
Comumunity Relations Advisory Council and the
Community Planning Council of the Jacksonville area.
173
