amp
The Center Day Camp offers a diversified sum¬
mer program for all Jewish youth, ages three through
fourteen years. The Camp has the finest facilities in¬
cluding many acres of wooded area for primitive camp¬
ing and nature trails, an Olympic swimming pool, a
well equipped playground, softball diamond, basketball
court and areas for all active sports.
The 1972 season provided to be most successful,
with campers enjoying many new program ideas, elect¬
ing those in which they were most interested each after¬
noon. Softball, an all-time favorite for both boys and
girls proved to be most popular. The Center “Stars”
competing in the newly formed Southside Day Camp
League won the first place trophy. Other popular
activities were cheerleading, archery, instructional and
free swimming, waterskiing, music, arts and crafts.
Camp-outs, trips to the Children's Museum and
Marine Science Center at Mayport, roller skating, ice
skating, as well as the traditional end-of-Camp Color
War, helped to give each camper an enriched and re¬
warding summer.
Highlighting the season was the visit of Suesakee
Yamakawa and his group of Japanese visitors to Jack--
sonville as part of the “Experiment in International
Living Program.” We were fortunate to have them
select our Camp for visitation. Their many talents in¬
cluded the teaching of Japanese songs, the art of Ori-
jami (folding of tissue paper) and exhibitions of diving
and magic.
Blanch Slott
Camp Director
As a Synagogue sponsored Camp, our campers
gained Judaic experiences in an informal atmosphere
by participating in morning services, chanting the Birhat
Hamotzi and Birhat Hamazon at meals. Shabbat is
observed by lighting the Shabbat candles, chanting the
Kiddush and having a special creative program. Each
summer campers solemnly observe Tisha B’Av with a
processional of the flaming torch and Torah at our
own replica of the Kotel ha Maravi (Western Wall).
Our goal for the future is to continue to improve1
our facilities and program for the best in Day Camp¬
ing for all Jewish youth.
Tzeerol Independence Day Program Tzeerim Shabbat Services
Clara Hubsch, Janet Jacobson, Laura Abramson Mark Axelberg, Hal Baumgarten and Arthur Miller
Helene Dickson and Pamela Presser
Nitzanim on the Bug
113
