rom
de 9£
essacje f
It was with profound humility that Moses, on the peaks
of Sinai, uttered the plea “Lord, see, You ask me to raise
this nation; who will you send with me?” Seemingly, Moses
recognizes that he cannot lead without a people, that his
noblest intentions will be hopelessly frustrated without a
congregation. Similarly, the life of a rabbi, his work and
concern, is inevitably linked with the quality, depth and
character of the community he serves.
The nature of this reciprocal relationship is best de¬
picted by a story which is told of the Hasidic master, Hayyim
of Zaus, who reputedly was able to turn the hearts of his
disciples to God. This is the tale.
A man lost his way in a great forest. After a while an¬
other lost his way and chanced on the first. “How can we
find our way,” he asked. “I don’t know,” said the first, “but
I can point the way that leads deeper into the thicket. From
there let us join and find the way together.”
“So my congregation,” the rabbi said, “let us look for
the way together.” We stand on the threshold of a New
Year charged with the challenge of renewal. We face num¬
erous difficulties but each augurs possibilities for
growth. Each problem is an opportunity. From my own
perspective I sense a current of excitement within our
membership; a new determination to put the past
behind us and to turn with renewed zeal to the tasks
which lie ahead - and these tasks are manifold.
RABBI DAVID GAFFNEY
program and the changing neighborhood patterns of
the Jewish community.
It is a year which must signal a deepening com¬
mitment to Jewish life. Intensity and insight in our
worship experiences, an exuberance in the manner in
which we celebrate our Sabbaths and Hobdays, the
full gamut of Jewish bfe should heighten our sensi¬
tivities and make possible the potential for religious
growth. And we must grow religiously as we grow in
all life.
The true test of our vision, will and imagination
however, will be in exercising the reabzation of a dream
awaiting fulfillment. I refer to the new synagogue-
center we wib be building to better serve the needs
of our community. Our material resources, time and
effort will be taxed to the limit. These plans are im¬
perative when we consider the growth of our Center’s
It is with this end in mind that I plead for the
concerted efforts of the community. As Moses, we too
might pray “who wib go with us?” Our common dreams
and visions will be tested in the crucible of reality. It
is a moment, a year, charged with destiny for the
Center community and an occasion gravid with possi-
bibties. The fate and character of our children’s lives
as well as our own wib be determined by the decisions
we make and the resolve we together show.
Let us turn to the fuutre with courage and confi¬
dence. May the New Year bring us peace, health and
blessing for which we pray. May we find a way to join
together with a new heart and spirit to see the ful¬
fillment of our hopes. In reply to the question, “Who
wib go with us?” I pray that along with Hayyim of
Zaus, I may say, “My congregation, let us find the
way together.”
9QM¡ 2W Gaffney
11
