Message from the President
At this time of the New Year, we traditionally
give thanks as we review the past and look forward
with prayers to the future.
We are very thankful for our good fortune in
having Rabbi David Gaffney as our spiritual leader.
His particular strengths in working with teenagers and
college students have become evident in the short time
that he has been with us. His previous successes and
his extremely intensive Jewish scholastic background
give all of us a great feeling of confidence for the fu¬
ture.
Through the devotion and dedication of our con¬
gregation, we are confident that we can build the en¬
tire new synagogue center complex at one time. Our
plans call for the construction of the synagogue audi¬
torium-social hall, 16 classrooms, multi-purpose audi¬
torium, administrative facilities, library-resource
center, youth center and the necessary appurtenances
such as kitchen, lobbies, etc. We believe that ground¬
breaking will take place during the coming spring and
we will be in our new home before the end of 1974.
The privilege of taking part in such a magnificent and
beautiful “Mitzvah” normally comes along once in a
lifetime.
Our day school has another record breaking en¬
rollment in both the nursery-kindergarten division as
well as the 6 grades of the elementary division. With
the addition to our staff of Rabbi Gaffney, a most
gifted teacher, and several new outstanding Hebrew
WILBUR MARGOL
Chairman of the Board
JACK F. SHORSTEIN
Chairman of the Board
and Sunday School teachers, our school department
will have the best faculty this coming year that we
have ever had.
Our youth program, from the early years of scout¬
ing through the three stages of U.S.Y. program, culmi¬
nating in an ATID college program, is well staffed with
professional and lay leaders, and an excellent year of
achievement is expected. Leadership training program
for our youth will continue to be emphasized.
Our multi-faceted religious program will be in¬
tensified and expanded through the coming year as
part of our continuing effort to meet the religious
needs of all our members.
I want to express my personal gratitude for the
solidarity and support of our officers and directors.
The entire leadership has received the most satisfying
stimulation from our membership.
Th officers and directors join me in wishing each
of you a year of good health and happiness and to¬
gether we pledge our continued intensive- efforts in
applying ourselves to the kind of program all of us
want for our synagogue.
Sincerely,
Jack F. Shorstein
President
13
