For the past two years Rabbi Dov Peretz Elkins
has been the spiritual leader of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. The following is his last message to the congre¬
gation in the Bulletin of July 15, 1972:
Since this will be the last column I shall write for the Center
Bulletin, I feel compelled to render to the congregation a “State of the
Union” report, reviewing the accomplishments of the past two years.
Let me list some of the developments, changes, and innovations which
I consider significant:
1) In the realm of education, the most significant development was the
expansion of our Solomon Schechter Day School from three grades
to six grades, and from approximately 100 students to over 200 stu¬
dents. Other less dramatic but equally significant improvements in
the educational system of the Center were begun, and will, hopefully,
come to full fruition during the next few years.
2) In the realm of our religious program, the following things came into
being: Shortening and up-dating of Shabbat morning services (Torah
reading study guides, original prayers, less repetition); extensive use
of experimental and innovative liturgy both during the High Holy
Days and on Sabbath evenings during the year; Monday morning
Father-Child Minyan Breakfasts and Shabbat afternoon Family Sha-
losh Seudot programs for Day School classes; establishment of the
Academy of Judaism, a 16 week course for prospective converts to
Judaism; camp-style Shabbat services at our Southside Site during
summer months; Simchat Torah evening services in the Setzer
Auditorium with record crowds dancing and singing in wild religious
ecstasy.
3) In the field of youth work, these things happened: forming of a
local chapter of Leaders Training Fellowship, with monthly meetings
at my home on Shabbat afternoons; regular and on-going communica¬
tion with college students through letters, ATID newspapers and
campus visits during which I invited Center students to dinner and
conversation; on-going contact with youngsters in all our youth groups
and school departments, such as weekly lunches with Day School
classes.
4) In adult education, we initiated classes and discussion groups on the
Southside (Plantation Apts.) for young parents of Day School chil¬
dren, which were well attended, and well received; we organized a
series of public lectures in cooperation with all the synagogues of
Jacksonville, a first in total community planning.
5) In community relations we were able to accomplish the following: a
bright new face and format for the Center Bulletin; closer relations
with the Jewish Community Council and other Jewish organizations
and institutions; a spate of activity for the welfare of Soviet Jewry
(marches, lectures, petitions, etc.); countless appearances before civic,
interfaith, and educational organizations, in person and through mass
media such as television and newspaper.
All in all it is a record that gives me great satisfaction and pleasure.
It has been a privilege and an honor to serve God in the capacity of
Rabbi of this synagogue, and I am grateful to do so. I pray that the
things I have tried to do will continue to reach fulfillment, and that
each of you will continue to become better and more devoted Jews. I
pray that God will bless you with good health and long life. Shalom,
lehitraot!
43
