ún hi ¿cía Hon
or AN OUTSTANDING SERVICE
Rendered to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center for the past seven years, this—the
thirty-fourth annual edition of the Center
Year Book and Directory—is sincerely dedi¬
cated to Mr. Benjamin Baker, whose constant
and indefatigable work for the institution
will be remembered as long as the organiza¬
tion itself exists. Important to the perpetua¬
tion of any organization is the presence of
strong and efficient leaders to. guide and
direct its policies; but just as indispensible to
the proper functioning of the group is the
willingness and ability of its members to do
the enormous work involved in discharging
the tasks facing the organization every day.
To find a person possessed of both
qualities—a leader and a worker—is indeed
a blessing to any institution. And especially
did this prove to be true of the Center, when
in the depths of the depression and when
onerous financial problems were bearing heav¬
ily upon the officers, Mr. Benjamin Baker was
MR. BENJAMIN BAKER
elected to the Board of Directors and assigned immediately to the all-important position, of chairman of the
finance committee. From the time of his appointment until the present day, the financial status of the Cen¬
ter has constantly been on the up-grade—chiefly through his personal efforts both in bolstering the income of
the Center and in wisely appropriating its funds.
Although Mr. Baker has been a loyal member of the Center and its predecessor organization, the Con¬
gregation B'Nai Israel, for the past thirty-three years since his arrival in Jacksonville on June 15, 1904; it
has only been with in the past seven years that he has been a member of the Board of Directors, being
elected upon the death of Mr. Paul Newman in June 1930. Two yea¡¿ later in May 1932 Mr. Baker was
elevated to the position of second vice-president, which position he has held until the present time.
Hardly a day passes which doesn't find Mr. Baker away from his business attending to the financial
affairs of the Center in the nature of "good will visits" among the members collecting their dues pay¬
ments. Mr. Baker's personal doctrine of correct financing—"To have the funds first and then to worry
about the expenditures"—has proven to be the guide by which the Center has attained its sound financial
status at the present time. Mr. Baker's entire life seems to be wrapped up in the activities of the Center,
for it seems that he misses no opportunity to make collections, to enlist new members or to aid the Center
in any way, be it during his business hours or his leisure time.
In addition to his position as Vice-President and Chairman of the Finance Committee, Mr. Baker
is a member of the Chevra Kadisha, (Center Cemetery Committee), and the Religious and Kashrus Com¬
mittees. Mr. Baker is a partner of the B. and B. Shoe Co-., wholesale shoe dealers.
For the invaluable service which Mr. Baker is rendering daily for our institution, he deserves the' ad¬
miration and cooperation of every member and friend of the Center. May God grant him and his
family long life, good health and happiness, and courage to carry on his noble work and to exert his
beneficent influence upon our community.
Make It Your Duty To Cooperate with Our Advertisers.
Nine
