JACKSONVILLE
SILVER and WEST THIRD STREETS
Morris D. Margolis, Rabbi
2047 Boulevard Phone 5-0297
JEWISH CENTER
TELEPHONE 3-061 I
Rev. Joseph Robin, Sexton
1623 Silver Street Phone 3-0611
The physical home of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, which was erected in 1927 under the
leadership of Rabbi Samuel Benjamin and Mr.
Harry Finkelstein, its first president, not only
houses the activities and institutions directly
sponsored by the organization but has played a
major role in the existence and development of
practically every Jewish group in the community.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center includes a
Synagogue, maintains the only Hebrew School in
this vicinity of the state in addition to its Sunday
School, provides the Jewish community with a
spacious Auditorium, supports a Daily Minyon
where services are held twice each day, and
directly sponsors such clubs and groups as Boy
and Girl Scout Troops, Young Judean Clubs, a
Junior Congregation, and others. In addition the
Center has always aided and cooperated, in any
way that it could, with every other Jewish organ¬
ization in Jacksonville.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is affiliated
with the United Synagogues of America and
conducts its Saturday and holiday services ac¬
cording to the Conservative system of prayer,
using the traditional prayer book, but supple¬
menting the Hebrew versions with English
prayers, congregational singing, and sermons de¬
livered in English, and also allowing mixed pews.
However, on the High Holidays an overflow
service is held in the Auditorium, with the men
and women. separated according to orthodox re¬
quirements. The Center usually calls its spiritual
leaders from among the graduates of The Jewish
Theological Seminary of America.
The building housing the activities of the
organization is a three-story brick structure on
the corner of Silver and West Third Streets
facing south and being directly opposite the beau¬
tiful Springfield Park. The building contains
three chief sections: the Auditorium located on
the ground floor, the Synagogue on the second
floor, and the rear section of the building, which
contains class rooms, meeting rooms, the Rabbi’s
study, a daily prayer room (Beth Hamidrash),
and a library.
The large Auditorium has a capacity of over
five hundred persons, being equipped with com¬
fortable heavy chairs, and in addition possesses
one of the finest dance floors in the city, and is
often used for dances, banquets, and receptions of
various sorts. In the front of the hall is found
a well designed stage for the production of plays
and the presentation of concerts. Adjoining the
Auditorium on one side is a modern and adequate¬
ly furnished kitchen, while opening from the
other side is the office. Reproductions of biblical
paintings decorate the walls, and rust colored
drapes adorn the large windows.
The beautifully decorated main synagogue,
which is directly above the Auditorium, is capable
of seating over six hundred and fifty worshippers,
the main floor being provided with five hundred
individual cushioned seats of light walnut con¬
struction with over one hundred and fifty similar
seats contained in the balcony. Large windows
of frosted panes, with a stained glass insertion in
each, are located on both sides of the synagogue.
The platform, pulpit, and Ark are made of dark
walnut and are adorned with gold decorations.
The class rooms in the rear of the building are
all well ventilated and equipped. The daily prayer
room is capable of seating over forty persons
comfortably and contains several book cases of
Biblical and Talmudical volumes. On the second
floor the Center maintains a library of English
Judaica and juvenile literature.
SUNDAY SCHOOL 1936-7
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with Our Advertisers.
