i
i
i
RABBI
Morris D. Margolis
HONORARY
Harry Fin
PRESIDENT
kelstein
PRESIDENT
Max Rubin
<^\/[z±±acjz j-zonz tízs cz^ciÍjÍjí
The year 5697 marks the end of one and the be¬
ginning of another epoch in Jewish history. The last
forty years of Zionist endeavor were fittingly compared
at the recent World Zionist Congress, to the forty years
spent by our ancestors in the Sinai desert before reach¬
ing the borders of the Promised Land. If was, indeed,
a period which brought not only untold suffering to our
people in the form of pogroms, poverty and humiliation,
but was marked by confusion and aimlessness. Even dur¬
ing the last ten years when Jewish colonization in Pales¬
tine, despite periodic riots, met with tremendous success,
Jews nevertheless faced the future with uncertainty and
perplexity. Even Zionist leaders who in their hearts knew
well the ends set by Dr. Theodore Herzl for the Zionist
Movement, lacked the courage to speak candidly of
these aims before the Royal Commission in defining the
Jewish National Home.
Whether one agrees or does not agree with the
partition plan proposed by the Royal Commission one
cannot deny that its report is of great historical im¬
portance to the Jewish people. Great Britian definitely
recognized that the Jewish National Home means a
Jewish commonwealth, an independent Jewish state; and
what is of still greater significance, the English government
conceded that Zionist achievements in Palestine have
made Jews ready immediately to assume the task of
forming a sovereign state. The report of the British
Royal Commission, terminates a period of hesitation and
ambiguity, a period of "Wandering in the Wilderness"
and begins an era of "entering the Promised Land," an
era which begins the fulfillment of our Zionist and Mes¬
sianic hopes.
On this Rosh Hashonah let us enter the House of
God in a spirit of thankfulness for the great historic
opportunity that was offered our generation. Let the
shofar rouse within us a spirit of greater Jewish loyalty
and self sacrifice so that we may be able to fulfill the
great tasks that lie before us.
May the New Year mark the end of Jewish misery,
suffering and division of heart and be the beginning of
bountiful blessings, and of unity of heart and action.
May the year 5698 herald the advent of an era of peace
and prosperity for our people and all mankind. Amen.
j-xom tizs íJ^XEEÍcÍEnt
As I look back upon the year 5697 which is just
coming to a close, I realize that during the past year,
more than at any other time, I have felt the great power
and influence of religion. In an hour of bereavement
one becomes more attuned to the impulses of love, char¬
ity, and of working for the common good, which are
the very essence of our religion.
My work with the Jacksonville Jewish Center especi¬
ally was a great source of consolation. Witnessing the
growth and development of our fine Hebrew School and
Sunday School, being present at Bar Mitzvah ceremonies,
participating in the very impressive confirmation service,
which so ably demonstrated the accomplishments of our
children, seeing our boys and girls celebrate the various
Jewish holidays and festivals in a real Jewish spirit—all
of these things have brought me many happy moments.
I feel, as you should all feel that the Center has
made great strides. We are meeting all our obligations
and we are definitely on the way to financial stability.
This is due to the fact that our membership, which is
steadily growing in number, has exhibited remarkable co¬
operation with the Center leadership. About 60 per¬
cent of our members have willingly increased their dues
so that we might be able to meet the rising cost of opera¬
tion due to post-depression conditions.
Our membership has also taken a more active part
in communal affairs. They have increased the ranks of
the outstanding Jewish organizations in the city; have
contributed generously to the campaigns of the Jewish
Community Council; and have responded magnificently
to a special appeal for the Youth Aliyah program.
All these things are an indication of a deep sense
of Jewish loyality that abides in the hearts of our mem¬
bers and an awareness of a great sense of responsibility
towards the local, national and international Jewish prob¬
lems. With such splendid cooperation on the part of
our members, and the spiritual guidance of our honored
Rabbi, I feel confident that the leadership of the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center may look forward to a year of
great progress and new achievements.
May the Almighty God inscribe us all In the Book
of life, happiness and prosperity. Amen.
I
I
■4
Show Your Appreciation to Our Advertisers By Giving Them Your Patronage.
Thirteen
