Jo zzcvoz
As the year 5697 rapidly draws to a close and with the
Eve of Rosh Hashonah already upon us ushering in another
year, the Jacksonville Jewish Center presents to the local com¬
munity its Thirty-fourth Annual Year Book and Directory. This
annual publication quite fittingly assumes a two-fold perspec¬
tive, of looking back in retrospect to the past events and of look¬
ing forward to the future and what it might have in store.
It will be noted that the size of this year's publication has
been increased to eighty-four pages. It contains the regular
features, such as the calendar, directory of the several organiza¬
tions, messages, New Year's Greetings of the members, etc.; but
there have been included in addition such new features as the
increased coverage of the various affiliated organizations, photo¬
graphs of the officers of the various groups, a complete resume
of the past year's Center activities, a table of contents and a
directory of advertisers.
It is appropriate at this time to express our sincere and
grateful appreciation to our advertisers for their willingness to
cooperate in every way in making this publication possible.
The tremendous success of this year's publication is entirely due to the various merchants and concerns,
both local and national, who have so graciously inserted their advertising in our book. It is our duty
as members of the Center to concretely demonstrate to these people our gratitude. Those who have
so materially aided our institution certainly deserve in return the patronage of the members of our
organization and its affiliated groups.
The staff has expended increased efforts in making this year's calendar and directory both
accurate and complete, and urge our members to examine the contents of this book carefully and to
avail themselves of the valuable information included within its covers. This book should occupy a most
prominent position in every Jewish home.
The staff wishes bofh its advertisers and members to understand that the proceeds from this
publication go directly to the Center, enabling it to maintain its educational, religious and social activi¬
ties; and that this institution is in no way connected with any other publications, excepting the pro¬
gram published each year in connection with the Daughters of Israel Annual Cabaret.
In conclusion, the staff wishes to extend its appreciation to the various organizations who have
so willingly cooperated in the task of assembling the photographs and data necessary in the editing
of this book.
PHILIP SELBER
Editor
YEAR BOOR STAFF
MAX RUBIN HYMAN SELBER MIRIAM SPITZ RABBI
Chmn. Year-Book Com. Business Manager Secretary M. D. MARGOLIS
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping the Center.
