o
icers o
{he cJ ack
sonvuie
Jewish Cen{ er
D. Moscovitz
B. Baker
M. Safer
M. Rose
J. Hackel
Üyi
The past year has proven most gratifying to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and has in more ways than
one given the officers and directors of the institution
reason to look back with considerable pride upon the
accomplishments recorded during the preceding twelve
months.
Whatever the field might be, whether it be religious,
educational, cultural, social, charitable, financial, athletic,
or otherwise, great progress has been noted in each
line, evidencing the continued rise to prominence of this
institution as a true "Center" of Jewish activity.
EDUCATION. Facilities for the education of both
children and adults were greatly increased during 5697,
with an increased enrollment being noted both in the
Center Sunday School and Hebrew School. In addition
to the regular curriculum studies, the children were pre¬
sented in an excellent Hanukah program, a highly success¬
ful Purim Carnival, and the annual Children's Sedar.
Hebrew classes for adults were conducted each Fri¬
day afternoon by Mrs. M. D. Margolis, and advanced
Talmudical studies were conducted each Saturday after¬
noons by Rev. G. Finn.
During the year eight boys, who were given their
required educational background by the Center, entered
the^ ranks' of our people through the traditional Bar
Mitzvah service. On Shabouth, eleven boys and girls
of the Sunday School were confirmed at a very im¬
pressive service.
RELIGIOUS. The High Holidays and Festivals were
fittingly observed in the beautiful Center Synagogue
with inspiring services conducted by the Rabbi and choir.
Friday night services, which were conducted each Friday
evening from Sucofh through Shabouth, were well at¬
tended, with capacity crowds being present on special
Sabbaths. Under the capable supervision of the Center
Sexton, Rev. J. Robin, daily services were held each morn¬
ing and evening throughout the year.
CULTURAL. The past year witnessed an improve¬
ment in the. calibre of artists and lecturers brought to the
Center in various concerts and lectures. Outstanding
musicians, artists, writers, poets, editors, and lecturers
were featured in the Center sponsored programs, staged
from time to time. A successful start was made in
establishing a Center Open Forum, three interesting
speakers addressing the audiences composed of both
Jews and Gentiles on current topics, which talks were
followed by periods of open discussion.
FINANCIAL. Th rough the cooperation of the
members in raising their dues and through an increase in
membership, the Center for the first time found itself
in a sound, financial position, capable of taking care of its
current budget expenditures, and allowing the officers
to plan for increased facilifies for the coming year.
However, the increased budget of the institution for the
coming year will necessitate the continued cooperation
of the members.
SOCIAL. Th roughout the year the Center proved
to be the true center of Jewish social activity, with the
various groups staging plays, concerts, dances, banquets,
bridge parties, luncheons, minstrels, and various other
entertainment features.
CLUBS. The Center cooperated with and spon¬
sored a number of boys and girls clubs, including the Boy
and Girl Scouts, and the several Young Judean Clubs.
In addition, the Center helped in every was the activities
of the adult groups, such as the Senior and Junior
Hadassah, Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society, Jewish
Progressive Society, A. Z. A., F. T. E., B'Nai Brith, and
others.
ATHLETICS. Another successful season was record¬
ed in the Jewish Center Diamond Ball League, with more
Han sixty Jewish athletes taking part in the games played
each Sunday morning at the Forest and Palm streets
diamond. The Center Boy Scout troop won the city¬
wide basketball championship and brought glory both to
themselves and the Center.
CHARITY. The Center took a leading part in the
campaign for funds for the Jewish Community Council,
and on various occasions, such as Tisha B'Ab, Purim, and
Erev Yom Kippur, contributed to the Jewish National
Fund and other worthy charities. A special appeal for
Youth Aliyah yielded a large sum of money for this
worthy project. A charity box was also maintained in
connection with the Daily Minyon, the proceeds of which
went to help indigent transients.
Fourteen
Our Advertisers Have Made This Book Possible—They Deserve Your Patronage.
