Qenier Hebrew 54 ool and Sunday Sell OO
FACULTY
Sidney Kass Gertrude Wilensky Edith Wolfson Sophie Spiwak Bernard Marks
Rev. J. Robin Julia Mizrahi Rachel Rothstein Blanche Rothstein N. Jacobson
The Jacksonville Jewish Center maintains both
a modern well equipped Talmud Torah, which ranks
with the finest in the Southeast, and a Sunday School,
which last year boasted a total enrollment of over 190.
The curriculum of the Talmud Torah provides for
a complete six year course which gives its pupils a
thorough training in reading and writing of modern
Hebrew, and the Hebrew Bible, thus preparing them
to participate intelligently in the traditional religious
services, and imbuing them with loyalty to the aspira¬
tions and ideals of the Jewish people, and to Palestine
as the symbol of the regeneration of our race and its
culture. Yiddish is also taught to the older pupils in
whose homes Yiddish is still spoken.
The curriculum of the Sunday School provides for
an intensive nine year course in Jewish history, cus¬
toms and ceremonies, beginning with the kindergarten
class and terminating with the Post-Confirmation Class.
It must be stressed, however, that Sunday School at
its best, offers the Jewish child a very inadequate
preparation for active and intelligent participation in
Jewish life and for an understanding of its heritage.
Since it is at most only effective as a supplement to
the Hebrew School education, members of the upper
grades who could not read Hebrew were last year
made to attend special classes to acquire a reading
knowledge of the Hebrew Prayer Book.
The number of children attending the Talmud
Torah last year was about 85, being divided into six
classes, a beginner's class for young children between
the ages of 6 and 8 years; a beginner's class for
children between 8 and 10 years; one elementary
Hebrew class; one advanced Hebrew class; one
Chumosh class; and a Bar Mitzvah class. The Center
furnished free tuition to 40% of the children last year
because of the inability of their parents to pay.
Transportation was provided to those of the students
residing in the Riverside section.
During the year the children of both the Hebrew
and Sunday Schools sponsored many interesting events
on the occasions of the major and minor festivals. The
Chanukah entertainment and the Purim Carnival were
notable successes. The Simchas Torah celebration was
also a memorable event. Numerous special programs
were presented by the Sunday School during the
assembly periods on Chamisho Osor B'Shevat, Lag
B'Omer, and patriotic occasions. Through their char¬
ity fund the children contributed to local and national
philanthropic organizations.
Miss Reba Wilensky
Miss Julia Mizrahi
Miss Edith Wolfson
Mr. Sidney Kass
Rabbi M. D. Margolis
Sunday School Teachers
Miss Sophie Spivak
Miss Rachel Rothstein
Miss Blanche Rothstein
Mr. Bernard Marks
Talmud Torah Staff
Mrs. Henry Rosenvaig
Miss Gertrude Wilensky
Dr. M. Kantor
Rev. J. Robin
Mr. Nisson Jacobson
Twenty-six
Make It Your Duty To Cooperate with Our Advertisers.
