/? 57-
1/'
*4*
^J^aiicjfztsxiL
Keeping pace with the general progress made by
the Center itself, the Daughters of Israel, who serve in the
capacity of a sisterhood to the main organization, re¬
corded the greatest year of activity in its history, con¬
stantly aiding the congregation in its task of maintaining
the various Center activities.
Although the Daughters of Israel have projected
themselves into many fields of activity, their chief line
of endeavor is concerned with the maintenance of the
daily Hebrew School and Sunday School, through which
they have been able to provide every Jewish child
with the opportunity to receive a Jewish religious educa¬
tion.
In carrying out this educational work, the society
sponsored the entertainments and celebrations of the
Talmud Torah such as Simchas Torah, Chanukah, Purim,
and Pesach. All of the teachers of the Sunday School
were presented gifts by the Daughters of Israel at the
conclusion of the year's work, and the Confirmands were
similarly honored with gifts, consisting of Bibles and
prayer books.
Financially, the Daughters of Israel proved them¬
selves to be an indispensible adjunct to the Center, as
their contribution o{ $ 1600.00 to the treasury of the
main organization enabled the latter to successfully com¬
plete the activities for the year. The__s_o_cie±y_Jists a
number of projects throughout the year in their campaign
to accumulate a tidy sum to be turned over to the
Center at the conclusion of each year. The individual
members sponsored various events such as card parties,
Luncheons, rummage sales, dances, picture shows, and
cabarets.
In addition to their direct financial help, the group
is., completely in charge of the management of the
Center kitchen, expending their efforts to maintain the
furnishings and utensils in a sanitary and useful, condition.
The outstanding social events of the year were the
Thanksgiving dance, sponsored under the chairmanship
of Mrs. Helman Setzer; the annual New Year's Eve Dance,
which was this year staged under the joint supervision
of Mrs. Ben Chepenik and Mrs. I. Gartner; and the annual
Cabaret, which was this year acclaimed as one of the
most successful events ever held in the Center Audi¬
torium, and chiefly because of the untiring efforts of
Miss Esther Joel and Mrs. Laura Wexler and their com¬
mittee. The Daughters of Israel also cooperated with
the Center in catering the annual picnic and in staging
the annual Purim Ball.
Religiously, the Daughters of Israel, performed a
great service to the synagogue by sponsoring the recep-
of
Mrs. Joseph Hackel
President
tions which followed the late Friday evening services, and
generally exerted their efforts in increasing attendance
at these services. They also cooperated in decorating
the Succah, which is built each year adjoining the Center
during the festival of Succoth.
Their charitable work last year consisted of various
donations to the following: National Home for Consump¬
tives, Jewish Braille Institute for the Blind, Woman's
League Fund, Red Cross Fund for the Flood Sufferers,
and the Jacksonville Jewish Community Council.
The regular meeting date for the Daughters of Israel
is the first Wednesday of each month, with the third
Wednesday being set aside for the monthly social event.
Another full program of events has been scheduled
for the coming year, and their success seems assured
with the capable and untiring Mrs. Hackel again at the
helm. An election of officers was recently held and the
society seems set for another banner year of activity.
HAPPY NEW YEAR !
X
umaz ±
Specialty Dress Shop
325 Laura St. Phones 5-0565 - 5-0566
ARY TIPULA^ R¥o
PHYSICAL CULTURE — MASSAGE
REDUCING
For Women Only Operated Only By Women
We Offer
PRIVACY and CLEANLINESS
So Greatly Desired In Such Matters
Phone 5-1 179 Clark Bldg. - 305 Main St.
Show Your Appreciation to Our Advertisers By Giving Them Your Patronage.
Twenty-one
