•F“°
i
—Happy New Year—
Meet Your Friends At—
Houston's Drug Store
Phone 2-9161 2429 W. Beaver
Bonded, Approved
and Licensed
GUARANTEE
ROOFING CO.
A. Z. A. CHAPTER No. 272
Charles Ghelerter
Leon Witten Meyer Leibovitz Sidney Kass
335 W. Forsyth St. Phone 5-4034
"We Can Relieve You Of
Your Roofing Worries"
OFFICERS
Charles Ghelerter... Aleph Godol (President)
Leon Witten.... Aleph S’gan (Vice-President)
Meyer Leibovitz Aleph Mazkir (Secretary)
Seymour Hoffenberg Aleph Gisbor (Treasurer)
William Rosenblatt Aleph Shoter Godol (Sergeant-at-Arms)
Joe Falis Aleph Shoter Koton (Asst. Sergeant-at-Arms)
A1 Goldstein.... .Aleph Sopher (Reporter)
Rubin Dayan Aleph Cohen Godol (Chaplain)
Sidney Kass .....Sponsor
A HAPPY and PROSPEROUS
NEW YEAR
M. O. HUCK
PAINT CO., Inc. v
Zs
\
602 Laura St.
/ o
PHONE 5-3448
P=====^
On February 28, 1937, Jacksonville’s first chapter of the A.Z.A., Junior
Order of B’nai B’rith, came into existence. On that day Rabbi Labovitz, adviser
of the Savannah Chapter No. 206, and a group of Alephs from Savannah and
Charleston officially inititiated the local chapter into the order, immediately
following which the installation of officers took place.
A.Z.A. is a Jewish Youth Organization with an approximate membership
of 5000 boys in 300 chapters throughout the world. Every Jewish boy of good
character between the ages of fifteen and twenty-one is eligible for member¬
ship. When a boy reaches the age of twenty-one he is considered a life member
and then becomes a B’Nai Brith.
The executive body of the order is known as the Supreme Advisory Council,
which is composed of an executive secretary, an assistant executive secretary,
and members who are elected by a majority vote of the delegates to the Inter¬
national Convention held each year. A.Z.A. also has its own uniform consti¬
tution and by-laws which is subject to amendment by the delegates at the
convention. This year the local chapter sent their secretary, Meyer Leibovitz,
to Port Jervis, N. Y., where he wTas recognized as the official delegate of the
Jacksonville chapter.
“Five Fold and Full” is the terminology which designated the A.Z.A.
program and which found its origin in the fertile mind of the late Dr. Boris
D. Bogen, International Secretary of B’Nai Brith. Its activities consist of the
following lines of endeavor: Religious, Social Service, Cultural, Social, and
Athletic. The creed of the A.Z.A. is composed of seven cardinal virtues which
are as follows: Patriotism, Judaism, Filial Love, Charity, Conduct, Purity,
and Fraternity.
The local chapter, although very young, has accomplished a great deal
in the religious, social, and athletic fields, and in the. future they expect to
become very active upon the five-fold program of A.Z.A. At the present time
the local Alephs are striving for the development of a closer relationship among
the Jewish Youth of Jacksonville, and among the neighboring communities
throughout the Southeast. An outstanding program has been outlined for the
coming season.
MEMBERS
Thirty-six
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping the Center.
