I
I
Junior Dauoht
cers o
srae
__ r .„
Edith Woifson Thelma Seigai Ruth Davis Edith Weiss
OFFICERS
Edith Woifson President
Thelma Segal Vice-President
Ruth Davis Secretary-Treasurer
Edith Weiss Reporter
The advent of the fall season marks the completion of the third year of
existence of the Junior Daughters of Israel, a group of young Jewish women
between the ages of 18 and 23 years, whose purpose as an organization is to
help the Jacksonville Jewish Center in its various activities. Its program
during the past year consisted mainly of three lines of endeavor: social, re¬
ligious, and cultural,
For the past three years, the society has been sponsoring regular forward
and backward dances in the Center Auditorium on Saturday nights, which
affairs have succeeded in bringing together the majority of the younger set
in the community in a wholesome atmosphere. The outstanding event in last
year’s calendar was the sponsoring of the Mother’s Day late Friday night
service, which was attended by a large congregation. The members of the
Junior Daughters of Israel participated in the service and were hostesses at a
reception in the Auditorium following the service, given in honor of the mothers
present.
From time to time the organization has proven of invaluable service to the
Center through its donations of prayer books, a Wedding Canopy, and books
for the Center Library. In addition, many of the members have served as
Sunday School teachers and have cooperated with the center in other ways.
Under the leadership of Miss Edith Woifson, a reorganization of the group
will take place in the early fall and plans will then be completed for the coming
year’s activities. The Daughters of Israel, who have acted as patrons of the
society for the past three years, will continue in that capacity.
MEMBERS
NEW YEAR’S GREETINGS!
FOR GOOD LUCK
ALL THE YEAR THROUGH,
Deal with
Frederick V. Wienecke
Anything in Real Estate
407 Graham Bldg.
5-5014 — PHONES — 5-8969-R
NEW YEAR GREETINGS
from the
GREAT SOUTHERN
TRUCKING CO.
1961 CLARKSON ST.
PHONE 5-4250
Jacksonville, Florida
A Happy and Prosperous New Year
HUBE VAILADE KMC.
Westinghouse Electric
Appliances
i
Q
I
Í 415 Laura Street
Phone 5-1886
Southern Venetian Blind Co.
A
Manufacturers of
Venetian Blinds Which Are Suited
to This Particular Climate
562 PARK ST.
PHONE 7-1834
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with Our Advertisers.
Thirty-one
