¡
i
SENIOR SRADA55AM
OFFICERS
Mrs. D. H. Lasarow , President
Mrs. Jos. Strauss : First Vice-President
Mrs. Herbert Weiss Second Vice-President
Mrs. Wm. Silverman Third Vice-President
Mrs. Samuel Kassewitz Recording Secretary
Mrs. Louis Witten Executive Secretary
Mrs. Harry Gendzier Financial Secretary
Mrs. Harry Katz Treasurer'
Hadassah, the Women's Zionist Organization of
America, is a national organization now in its twenty-
fifth year, having chapters in 251 cities in the United
States. Through its chapter meetings, study circles,
Hebrew classes, choral and dramatic groups, lectures
and other activities, every Jewish woman in America
is given an opportunity to express herself Jewishly—to
bring a renewed appreciation of Jewish values into her
home, at the same time contributing her share toward the
rebuilding of the Jewish National Homeland.
From the tiny settlement estalished by its first two
nurses in 1913 was developed a modern complete med¬
ical and public health system that has won praise of
eminent medical authorities. Today, crowning the years
of splendid achievement, Hadassah with the cooperation
of the American Jewish Physicians' Committee, is erect¬
ing a medical center on Mount Scopus that will correlate
the curative, preventive and teaching branches of medi¬
cine a twentieth century edifice to science. Its alliance
with the Jewish National Fund and its new 'project, the
Youth Aliyah for the settlement of German and Polish
children in Palestine has given Hadassah still greater
opportunity for service to Palestine.
No less remarkable than the steady and progressive
development of the Hadassah work in Palestine that has
so profoundly influenced the well-being of the entire
country, is the growth of the Hadassah organization in
this country and the administrative ability of its leader¬
ship. With a program of Jewish education in this coun¬
try that is attuned to the times and a field of work in
Palestine, that has a potent appeal, it is little wonder that
Hadassah has been able to'rally more than 55,000 women
to its membership rolls.
Mrs. Nat Cohen, as president of the local unit of
Senior Hadassah for 1936-37, enjoyed a year of unusually
successful endeavor, devoting much of her time and
effort to the work of the organization, and her distinctive
success as a leader and ardent Zionist, is manifested by
the accomplishments of the chapter here during the
past year.
Among the outstanding events of the year was the
visit to Jacksonville by Frau Yetta Levy-Stein of Berlin,
who came here in the interest of Youth Aliyah. She was
guest of honor at the annual Membership Tea, and also
addressed a combined meeting of the Jewish Temple
and the Jewish Center, in the Center building. FHer
earnest appeal for financial aid for the Youth Aliyah
movement met with overwhelimng success and inspired
many to a new interest in the work of Hadassah.
Mrs. D. H. Lasarow
President
Another widely travelled and well known visitor to
Jacksonville was the journalist Pierre van Paasen. Coming
here under the auspices of Senior and Junior Hadassah
and the Jewish Progressive Society Mr. van Paasen, who
is an active leader in the Zionist movement and one of
the few non-Jews who is an honorary citizen of Tel Aviv,
spoke to a large assemblage at the Center.
The annual Fall Dance was a brilliant social event on
the Hadassah calendar, with Mrs. Sam Kassewitz as
chairman. Another very enjoyable affair was the sum¬
mer dance at the Jacksonville Beach Pier, and acting
as chairmen were Mrs. Sam Witten, Mrs. Perry Kanto.r,
Mrs. Ike Witten and Mrs. M. L. Hollins.
A new innovation for the local chapter, was the Thrift
Luncheon with Mrs. Louis S. Joel planning and directing
the program, which was one of the most novel and
unusual eyer presented at a Hadassah affair, and proved
to be one of the outstanding programs of the year.
An interesting feature of each monthly meeting was
the series of discussions on Jewish contributions to cul¬
ture, under the direction of Mrs. Leonard Moss. Among
the guests appearing on these programs were Mrs. A.
G. Schemer, Dr. I. J. Strumpf, Miss Beatrice Peiser, Mrs.
Archie Puldy, Mrs. Sam Weiss and Mrs. Roy Benjamin.
During the summer months, Mrs. B. B. Bromberg
conducted a series of bridge tournaments at the Jack¬
sonville Beach Pier, providing pleasant diversion and
raising a substantial sum toward the quotas to be filled
for the coming year.
With Mrs. Jos. Strauss, as the capable membership
chairman, the chapter has shown a tremendous increase
in membership during the year and the chapter is among
the outstanding organizations of the city.
Forty-eight
Our Advertisers Have Done Their Share—It Is Our Duty to Help Them.
