i
P rogrsssive
I. M. Lieberman A. P. Carnot M. B. Gl ickstein M. Safer I. Moscovitz
OFFICERS
I. M. Lieberman President
A. P. Carnot Vice-President
Murray B. Glickstein.... ...Secretary
Moe B. Safer Treasurer
Isadore Moscovitz ....Auditor
Sidney Schain __....Sergeant-at-Arms
EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS
Alfred Stein
Abe Rothstein
Harry Sachs
Harry Kline
Fred Soforenko
I Lipson
Max Mirkis
Harry Myers
A. L. Kristie
Mayer Sempson
Henry Herzenberg
The Jewish Progressive Society was organized
under the Charter laws of Florida, on the first
of January 1932, with 26 members. Mr. I. M.
Lieberman was the founder of this society, which
was built upon the remnants of the disbanded
B’rith Sholom Lodge. During the first four years
of its existence, the organization had only fra¬
ternal and charitable aims. During the year
1936-37 the Progressive Society took a decisive
step by affiliating itself with the Zionist Organ¬
ization of America. Two dollars of the five dollars
dues per member is sent to the Z. 0. A. and the
remainder is used for local and national charities.
Through the wise leadership of Mr. Lieberman,
the organization has made remarkable progress
during the past year, and now has a total of 156
paid up members.
The society has taken an active part in the
1937 campaign of the Jacksonville Jewish Com¬
munity Council Welfare Fund, Mr. Lieberman
being co-chairman of the campaign, with Mr.
Max Moss.
This being a Congress year the Jewish Pro¬
gressive Society conducted a vigorous Shekel
Campaign so that about 300 Jews voted on elec¬
tion day. This fine record should be credited to
the splendid work of the Shekel Committee, headT
ed by Mr. J. Robin, chairman, Mr. Murray B.
Glickstein, Mr. H. Kline, Mr. Henry Herzenberg,
Mr. J. Lapinsky and Mr. Beno Becker.
The Jewish Progressive Society also partici¬
pated in the Community Chest Campaign and
contributed to the Non-Sectarian Anti Nazi
League. It also extended help to members in need
and assisted a considerable number of unemployed
in obtaining work.
A fine educational program was also sponsored
during the year, under the guidance of Mr. Harry
Sachs, education chairman. Speakers at these
programs were Mr. L. H. Cohen, who spoke on
the Social Security Act; Mr. Sachs who delivered
a talk on the Florida Recovery Act, followed by
a discussion on the subject; Mr. A. H. Rothstein,
Mr. A. P. Carnot, Mr. Joe Goldstein and Mr. M. B.
Glickstein who debated the merits of the proposed
changes in the Supreme Court. Rabbi M. D.
Margolis delivered a lecture before the Society
on the “The Bible In Its Historical Background.”
The outstanding educational event was the lecture
delivered by Pierre van Paasen, distinguished
journalist, who was brought to Jacksonville by
the Society with the cooperation of the Senior
Hadassah. Mr. Sachs presided and Rabbi Mar¬
golis introduced the speaker. A large audience
of Jews and Gentiles was greatly impressed by
Van Paasen’s splendid address on Jewish condi¬
tions in Europe and Palestine.
Through the efforts of Mr. Lieberman, Mr.
Rothstein and Mr. Sachs a Zionist Group was
organized in St. Augustine. Mr. I. M. Lieberman
was a delegate to the Zionist Convention, and gave
a glowing report at the last meeting of the Society
in June. While in New York Mr. Lieberman laid
plans for the organization of a Southeastern Zion¬
ist Region. The Jewish Progressive Society views
with pride its achievements during 1936-37 and
is looking forward to a new year of progress and
good work.
Forty-four
Show Your Appreciation to Our Advertisers By Giving Them Your Patronage.
