Start the New Year Right
j By Buying
| WISE
j Potato Chips
! ALL VEGETABLE
Packed in Double Cellophane
"LOOK FOR THE OWL"
i
— Distributors —
j Hoelscher Dist. Co. — Phone 5-6321
J. L. Bernreuter -— Phone 5-63X3-W
"Bernreuter"
Dixie-Maid
MAYONNAISE
Florida's Finest
Mayonnaise
i FREE Dish es for Your Empty Jars
| "WE SATISFY"
Jacksonville Steam
| Laundry Co.
| Bennett - Near 8th St.
| 5-4480 - Phones - 5-4481
Season's Greetings
¡ William’s Pharmacy
Bay and Broad Sts.
OPEN ALL NIGHT—PHONE 5-0346
Happy New Year!
I from
i
| A FRIEND
!
Max Rubin D. Moscovitz B. Baker M. Rose
J. Hackel M. Mirkis S. Selber
MEMBERS
Max Rubin, Chairman
Simon Selber
Max Rose
Max Mirkis
Louis Bucholtz
Benjamin Baker
David Moscovitz
Joseph Hackel
This committee known as the Chevra Kadishah, though long considered by
the community as a mere honorary group and though it lay dormant for a long
time, has effected a change in policy, and during the past two years has com¬
pleted what is no doubt one of the finest projects that local Jewry has ever
undertaken.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Cemetery Committee, which consists of
eight men elected for life, supervises the managment of the cemetery grounds
and in addition directs all burials. At the present time the by-laws of the
committee are being revised and a new code of regulations will soon become
effective.
The first move in the two-year program of the committee was the purchase
of the Cemetery from the Evergreen Cemetery Association, giving to the Center
the sole ownership of the grounds, For the completion of the second phase of
the work, that of beautifying the grounds of the much neglected property, the
committee and the Jewish community as a whole were extremely fortunate that
Mr. Simon Selber undertook to perform this most difficult task.
The work that has been done, such as the resodding and replanting of new
grass, cutting of walks, laying of pipe, planting of shrubs, improvement of the
roads, etc., is entirely due to Mr. Selber’s work.
The attention of the members of the Center is being called to the new
regulations which will shortly go into effect in an attempt to establish a
uniform and adequate method by which tne cemetery may be maintained in
its present splendid condition. There will be a continuation of the assessment
upon each lot owner of the nominal sum of ten dollars per year for the upkeep
of the individual lots, and it is hoped that the payments of such assessments
in the future will be more prompt, allowing the committee to function even more
successfully than in the past.
The committee has also formulated a definite policy as to regulations and
limitations upon the type of monuments to be erected, and solicits the co-
operation of the Center membership in carrying out these rules. The chairman
of the committee, Mr. Max Rubin wishes the members to understand that, in
time of emergency, they may communicate directly with him or Mr. Dave
Moscovitz or any other member of the committee.
Forty
Our Advertisers Have Done Their Share—It Is Our Duty to Help Them.
