Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
The Ladies Hetrew SUenno Aid 5 oc\eiy
and H ome jor i:he Aged
OFFICERS
L. Schevitz Honorary Past President
Fred Soforenko Immediate Past President
Joseph Shapiro .President
Simon Lasarow 1st Vice-President
Morris Ghelerter 2nd Vice-President
Louis Wolfson 3rd Vice-President
Sidney L. Blattner Treasurer Home Fund
Ben Baker Treasurer Aid Fund
Sam Bryan Corresponding Secretary
H. Rosenvaig Financial & Recording Secretary
Herb Talisman Assistant Secretary
Mrs. Joseph Shapiro
President
DOMESTIC
LAUNDRY
SATISFACTORY
LAUNDRY SERVICE
ZORIC DRY CLEANING
Phone 7-8686
JONES and GRIFFIN
ADDING MACHINES
TYPEWRITERS
and SUPPLIES
Telephone 5-0490
121 WEST ASHLEY ST.
MARVEL GAS
The Ladies’ Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society and Home for the Aged, organ¬
ized for the purpose of giving shelter and aid to transients, supplying them with
Kosher Food and providing lodging in Jewish environment; relieving the needs
of local unfortunates; establishing a Free Loan Fund, the Gmieles Chesed,
whereby many families are enabled to help themselves over a financial crisis;
and giving immigrant aid wherever possible, avoiding the necessity of deporta¬
tion for many; and with the goal of establishing a Home for the Aged, a Moshev
Zehkenim, has to its credit the continual progress of all the former objects
through these years and an actual sound accomplishment towards the achieve¬
ment of the latter object, working diligently, though slowly and surely.
During the past several months representative members of the Ladies’
Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society and Home for the Aged and the Jewish Pro¬
gressive Society have selected the following officers to lead the Joint Home
Committee: Mr. Joseph Wilensky, Chairman; Mrs. M. Stein, Co-Chairman;
Mr. J. Lapinsky, Vice-Chairman; Mrs. J. Shapiro, Vice-Chairman; Mr. Morris
Wolfson, Treasurer; Mrs. PI. Rosenzvaig, Secretary; Mrs. H. Talisman, Ass’t.
Secretary.
The first step of this Joint Committee has been to enter into negotiations
for the purchase of a most desirable property for the building of a Home for
the Aged, where those who will be fortunate enough to spend their reclining
years, will have a haven of comfort and peace, in a clean, beautiful and quiet
location.
The annual reports given at the Installation of Officers during the early
part of the year have shown most unusual progress, stressing the methods
used by the Ladies’ Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society in providing the needy with
food, clothing, fuel, medicines, etc., without any embarrassment, heartache,
or publicity, following the ancient method of the Jews of giving where and when
needed, without the mention of names, thereby saving the self-respect of the
recipient.
A Super-Insecticide
Pleasantly Scented - Will Not Stain
HARMLESS TO HUMANS
AND PETS BUT
SURE DEATH FOR INSECTS
Marvel Products Co.
Jacksonville, Florida
Thanks have been extended to Dr. J. V. Safer, who untiringly has assisted
the organization in the care of its sick, and Dr. Sam Witten who has given
of his services whenever called upon for dental aid. Mrs. E. G. Stern, Secretary
of the Jewish Welfare Society, has worked cooperatively with Mrs. A. Nabin and
Mrs. J. T. Wilensky, chairmen of the Relief Committee, and is thanked for her
kind indulgence.-
During the past year the Monthly Bridge Parties, in charge of a number
of members; the Rummage Sale, under the expert direction of Mrs. Simon
Lasarow; the Friendship Baskets under the direction of Mrs. Milton L. Hollins;
the turkey Raffle directed by Mrs. Sam Carlton and Mrs. D. H. Lasarow; the
Annual Summer and Armistice Day Dances, under the splendid direction of
Mrs. Sidney L. Blattner and Mrs. Morris Ghelerter; the sponsoring of the
Children’s Honor Register; the Annual Closing Luncheon sponsored by the
Board of Directors, together with a number of individual contributions have
aided in the successful work of the organization. In addition to its regular
program of Air work, the society provided special food during the High
Holiday Season and at Passover; distributed baskets at Thanksgiving and
Jewish Festivals; gave a generous contribution to the Jacksonville Jewish
Community Council; sent, besides the annual Passover contribution, to the
General Israel Orphans’ Home for Girls in Palestine, a contribution during the
time of the conflict with Arabians.
Show Your Appreciation to Our Advertisers By Giving Them Your Patronage.
Fifty-one
