HAPPY NEW YEAR
Thanking all for their Patronage
BONO
CLEANERS and DYERS
All Garments Fully Protected
By Insurance
i
1005 Forest St. Phone 3-9254
! THE TIRE MART
MILLER TIRES
Geared to the Road
PHONE 5-0191 646 Myrtle Ave.
MAX WITTEN
FASHIONS FOR MEN
52 WEST FORSYTH
We Never Close When In Trouble
PHONES: 5-4407 - 5-4408 - 5-4409
The Largest Wrecker Service in the State
LONE if GARAGE
L. C. TINSLEY I5TH AND MAIN STS.
24 HOUR WRECKER SERVICE
$1.00 ANYWHERE IN THE CITY
GLASS
For All Purposes
AUTO GLASS INSTALLED
STORE FRONT GLAZING
French Mirror Plate
Glass Company
Established 1908
717-21 East Bay Street
Jacksonville, Florida
Phones
5-1571 — 5-1572
Patronize Home Industry
MIAMI ORLANDO
WEST PALM BEACH
Community dounaL
OFFICERS
Morton R. Hirschberg President
Max Moss Vice-President
I. M. Lieberman Vice-President
Rabbi I. L. Kaplan Vice-President
Mrs. Ben Stein Vice-President
David Moscovitz Treasurer
Rabbi M. D. Margolis Secretary
t
The second annual Welfare Fund Campaign conducted by the Jacksonville
Jewish Community Council established the work of this organization as one
of the most successful undertakings of the local Jewish community.
The Council has for its aim the uniting of all fund raising campaigns by
sponsoring one joint welfare fund, which eliminates the many independent
solicitations and separate campaigns, and permits these funds to be equitably
distributed according to the merits and budgets of the respective beneficiary
institutions.
The 1937 Campaign for funds, conducted during the early months of the
year, was launched at a luncheon and meeting with an address by Dr. Ben
Zion Mossinsohn, one of the foremost leaders in the World Zionist movement.
Mr. Max Moss served as chairman of the drive and Mr. I. M. Lieberman acted
as co-chairman.
Harry Finkelstein, Robert L. Seitner, and B. S. Levy were the Honorary
Chairmen; Harry W. Reinstine, Max Rubin, Ben Stein, and Joseph Glickstein
were the Vice-Chairmen. A special gift committee included Halle Cohen,
Morton R. Hirschberg, Dave Moscovitz, and the late Adolph Weil. Rabbi Morris
D. Margolis and Rabbi Israel L. Kaplan served as the secretaries of the cam¬
paign, while Jac Rosenberg performed as treasurer.
Committees from the Jewish Progressive Society, the Temple Ahaveth
Chesed, the Jacksonville Jewish Center, the Junior and Senior Hadassahs, the
Temple Sisterhood, the Daughters of Israel, the Ladies’ Hebrew Sheltering Aid
Society and Home for the Aged, the B’Nai Brith, the Workmen’s Circle, and
the Y. M. H. A. all worked diligently to insure the success of the Campaign.
Mr. Simon J. Levine, representative of the United Palestine Appeal worked
tirelessly with the Campaign Organization.
The Budget Committee allocated the funds to many worthy American
and overseas educational and charitable institutions. The chief beneficiaries
were the Distribution Committee, the United Palestine Appeal, and Jewish na¬
tional institutions, such as the Denver Hospital, the Atlanta Orphan Home, the
B’Nai Brith Wider Scope, and others.
Three hundred donors pledged $6,000.00 of which $4,600.00 has already been
collected, the balance of $1,400.00 to be paid on pledges. Disbursements to date
total $4,515.00.
The various charitable institutions and hospitals who receive allocations
from these funds and who are constantly giving assistance and care to thou¬
sands of needy and ill men, women, and children, have expressed their apprecia¬
tion for the cooperation they have received from the Jewish community of
Jacksonville through the United Welfare Fund.
The officers of the Council urge all the members of our Jewish community
to give their wholehearted support to this organization, so that local Jewry
may do its share in alleviating the suffering and widespread disaster of our
fellow Jews overseas, and in helping our less fortunate brothers in America.
The officers and members of the organization for the United Welfare Fund
Campaign for 1937 express their thanks to all the Division Leaders, Team
Captains, volunteer committees from cooperating organizations for their un¬
tiring efforts, and to the management of the Roosevelt Hotel for their assistance
in arranging the workers’ luncheons and meetings held there throughout the
Campaign.
MEMBER ORGANIZATIONS
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Temple Ahaveth Chesed
Jewish Progressive Society
Daughters of Israel
Y. M. H. A.
Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society and Home for the Aged
Senior Hadassah
Junior Hadassah
B’Nai Brith
Workmen’s Circle
Fifty-four
Make It Your Duty To Cooperate with Our Advertisers.
