b- A Message from Rabbi Tilman —I
NEW BEGINNINGS
Shabbat has always been an important part of my life. From dinners at home with
family, to afternoons by the pool and on the softball field at camp, to walks around the park
in Los Angeles, Shabbat has always been something I look forward to. As a teenager, just
about every Shabbat was the same for me. I would spend the morning at services, and then
in the afternoon would gather together with friends for multiple epic games of Monopoly.
Many people say you can learn a lot of lessons from Monopoly - skills of negotiation, long
term investments, managing a budget - but the most important lesson I learned from those
games was the thrill of passing “Go.” Every time around the board, you received $200 and
were able to celebrate a new beginning.
New beginnings have been on my mind a great deal recently. Beginning my career
as a Rabbi, beginning my life in Jacksonville, and beginning my time with the JJC
community, I always strive to be someone who approaches new beginnings with a sense of optimism and excitement.
Sure there are a great many questions and a great many reasons to be nervous, but I consistently find that the causes for
excitement outnumber the causes for questioning.
These beginnings though, are not always easy. We learn in Pirkei Avot that the original new beginning, the creation of
the world, took ten utterances from God in order to be completed. (Pirkei Avot 5:1) Why did God use ten utterances when
He could have used only one? To reward those righteous people who protect a world that was created with ten utterances.
In beginning anything, just like creating the world, there can be an easy way to do things. But there can also be a
longer, fuller way to complete the task. It is this longer way of beginning that truly excites me. To dive deeply into the
community, to find out what makes it unique, to find out what makes it special, and then to find those places that could use
a new beginning.
Each of us can do this in our own lives. To use ten utterances in starting our years anew. To take the long way in
learning what makes each of us special and then finding the places that could use a new beginning. The High Holidays are
just this opportunity - the chance to approach our new year as a new beginning. A chance to be excited about those new
opportunities that will present themselves. A chance to let go of that which has been holding us back over the past year.
A chance to start anew.
“Hayom harat haolam ” we read following the Shofar blasts on Rosh Hashanah. “Today is the birthday of the world.”
If we approach this High Holiday season as our collective birthday, our collective new beginning, I know that each of us
can use our own ten utterances towards creating something new.
I thank you all for giving me the opportunity of sharing my own new beginning with each of you and for welcoming
me so warmly into the JJC family. I know that 5775 will be an incredible year for all of us and I am thrilled to be spending
it with you.
Shanah Tovah u ’Metukah, may we all have a happy, a healthy and a sweet new year filled with many new beginnings.
Rabbi Howard Tilman
Rabbi Howard Tilman
