>-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
THE TRUE ESSENCE OF JEWISH TIME: TEN YEARS LATER
A little more than a decade ago, I wrote the following in my very first Yearbook message
to the congregation:
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Formally, a rabbi becomes the spiritual leader of a particular synagogue the day his
contract indicates. Yet the most significant defining moments of the relationship are
elusive of any specific date on the calendar A rabbi becomes the spiritual leader of
a community through moments of shared joy and sorrow . . . one family at a time. As
these interactions unfold over time, the worshippers in the pews are transformed into
the rabbi s flock - congregants, neighbors and friends. As for the fellow standing on
the bimah, he is no longer simply the rabbi, but has become instead your rabbi.
What I meant to say in that message was that rites of passage can only describe the liminal
moments of life, the outer shell of existence, but they shed little light on the content of life
itself. A simhat bat or bris confirms the beginning of one’s Jewish journey, but says nothing about the kind of Jew one will
become; a wedding ceremony makes a marriage official, but cannot determine the strength of the union between spouses; a rabbi’s
installation acknowledges a professional association, but won’t tell you anything about the relationship that a rabbi will have with
his congregation. It is only in the grand total of days lived, lives touched, and lessons learned that one can grasp the meaning of
any experience.
Of course, there is nothing inherently significant in marking the end of my tenth year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center - Was
I less your rabbi a year ago? Will I be more your rabbi twelve months from now? Still, ten is a nice round number, a convenient
place to pause and take stock of the road traveled and the distance yet to cover.
Looking at the photos from the 2004 Yearbook, I am struck by how much less gray I had in my beard. Susan’s hair was
longer, and our children were oh so young! I see class pictures of infants who are now in junior high, school-age children who
have become adults, and elder statesmen who have gone to their final rest. There have been so many changes, it would be
impossible to count them all.
In the last ten years, we have become an egalitarian synagogue; engaged in keruv to reach out to intermarried families, as well
as gay and lesbian Jews; created a Second Rabbi position; added instrumental music to Friday evening services in the summer and
to Sunday morning services; created an endowment; merged with Beth Shalom and integrated its members; revamped our Hebrew
High program; engaged talented new staff to serve in key positions on multiple occasions; organized the Galinsky Academy and
named each of its constituent educational pillars; added members; increased our commitment to tikkun olam and social justice;
connected more effectively with members in their twenties and thirties; re-imagined our religious school pedagogy and introduced
21st century technology to all our schools; in addition to myriad other changes. In some of these changes I played a critical role,
in others a supporting actor, in still others I was simply an appreciative bystander.
Innovation is not synonymous with accomplishment. While some of our initiatives have been very successful, others have
only attained more modest levels of success. There are those who welcome change simply because it is new, and those who fear it
for the same reason. As a synagogue we cannot afford to embrace either extreme - targeted change, consonant with our values and
principles as a Conservative synagogue and undertaken for the sake of maximizing Jewish learning and living, is good. Lowering
the bar, simply to take the easier path of least resistance, is not.
No matter what, our ultimate goal remains the same: to inspire Jews to live more connected and committed lives - to the
mitzvot of the Torah, to the State of Israel, to fellow Jews around the world, and to the larger
Jacksonville community of which we are a part. As for me, as much as I have changed
outwardly and inwardly these past ten years, I will continue to strive to be and to become
your rabbi - one family, one person, one milestone, one Shabbat, and one day at a time.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing you a year of life, health, and
blessing. May 5775 usher in a year of continued growth for our synagogue, and a year of
peace for Israel, America and humankind.
“I said: Let days speak, and many years teach wisdom.”
-Job 32:7
,iannm nnan mita na»
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
