IT
p— A Message from the Executive Director H!
OUR FRUITS ARE SUFFICIENT ADVERTISEMENT
What an incredibly diverse group of people you are! You comprise every
age bracket and every possible family situation. Our ranks include those who
are here for social or spiritual connection while others are here for educational
opportunities. We all relate to Judaism in our own unique and personal way.
The nobility of spirit and the selflessness that I have witnessed continue to
astonish me. I marvel at seeing so many talented, smart, ambitious people put
aside their egos and agendas and come together with one mind and one goal:
the betterment of our Jewish family locally, nationally and worldwide.
So many of you serve our synagogue community as well as the greater
community outside the synagogue walls, quietly and Jewishly; whether it’s
by serving meals to the less fortunate; providing visits and meals for those
who are ill; driving people to services, shopping or appointments; or simply
volunteering your time throughout our synagogue and our schools, you make
this a very special place indeed.
I would describe our members with this passage in the Midrash: “They say to fruit-bearing trees, ‘Why
do you not make any noise?’ and the trees reply, ‘Our fruits are sufficient advertisement.’”
Our mission at the JJC is to make the living Torah alive for each one of you. This is your synagogue, your
community. We want all of you to feel comfortable at the Center, to know that you are important and that
you are welcome and valuable members of our synagogue family.
I want to thank all of you for the opportunity you have given me to serve as your executive director.
What I have enjoyed most is the warmth and genuine friendship from so many of you. The personal reward
and satisfaction is beyond what I could have ever imagined four years ago as Janet and I made our way to
Jacksonville.
I would be remiss if I did not tip our collective hats to Janis Dorman. Janis served our congregation for
25 years as our Yearbook’s Advertising Editor and it is through her efforts that we have been able to build
such a wonderful asset in our annual Yearbook publication. Last year was her last publication. Speaking
on behalf of our congregation, we wish both you and Dave a well-deserved retirement!
I want to welcome Falyn Shilts
as our new Advertising Editor.
Thank you Falyn for a great first
edition. The effort is recognized!
Of course a special thank you to
Beth Wolpoff our Yearbook Editor,
for another wonderful edition. The
commitment that you bring to the
project is always appreciated!
With warm regards to each and
every one of you,
Don Kriss
Donald A. Kriss
Executive Director
11
