A Message from the President -4
REWARDS IN VOLUNTEERING
What a great year it has been to have the opportunity to share Shabbat, the
High Holy Days, meetings and life cycle events with many of you. I have also
been fortunate to work with a terrific group of leaders who have come together
to form the Board and Executive Committee of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
If you ask anyone who is involved as a volunteer at the Center or in our
community they will tell you how meaningful and fulfilling it is to give back.
These volunteers have carved out time from their busy schedule for meetings,
returning emails and making phone calls. It is my hope that I can persuade
you to get involved at the Center in our many committees or get involved in
our Sisterhood or Men’s Club. Your giving back will make this a bright and
rewarding New Year. Give our office team a call and they will tell you how.
Speaking of volunteers, this year we faced the challenge of replacing
three of our professional staff positions. We formed three search committees. Volunteers stepped up
to the challenge spending hundreds of hours doing Skype interviews, working on travel logistics and
arranging meet and greets. The hard work turned out to be very successful with all three openings filled in
late spring.
Join me in welcoming three top professionals to our family: Rabbi Rogozen, our head of the Galinsky
Academy, Rabbi Tilman, who will work closely with our youth, schools and Shabbat programming for our
kids, then last, but certainly not least, is Steven Resnick, who will lead our youth groups. These gentlemen
are a great addition to the Jacksonville Jewish Center and will truly enhance the programming for our
children. They will help us complete the fourth pillar of education at the Galinsky Academy.
We go into the New Year with a solid game plan in place for our children. My challenge this year is to
work on programming to get you more involved and engaged. Let me know what I can do to get you more
connected to the Center. We want to be the center of your life; tell us how.
On behalf of my wife, Wendy and our children, Jereme, Zachary and Noah, we wish you a happy and
healthy New Year.
Shanah Tovah,
Fred Pozin
Fred Pozin
Board President
17
