►— A Message from the Hazzan —I
THE SHMITA PROJECT
Since creation, tradition has guided us towards a perfect cocktail to guide
our lives - six parts work, one part rest. This sense of Shabbat, a seventh period
of rest, is paralleled later in our scripture when the Israelites are instructed to let
the land rest for an entire year following six years of hard labor. Thus began the
“sabbatical” year. Yet the seventh year is far more than a period to relax and let
loose. The seventh year is given the title Shmita, meaning ‘release.’ The Jewish
non-profit Hazon, a group that fosters the goal of a healthier and more sustainable
planet, has created a The Shmita Project to raise awareness for the Shmita cycle.
The next Shmita year actually begins on this Rosh Hashanah 2014. The core
values center on reimagination, renewal, release, forgiveness, and rethinking.
During these High Holidays, we reflect not only on the past year, but on the past
six years. It is a chance to explore and reimagine ourselves through the lens of
time. It is a chance to release ourselves from what is comfortable and norm of
practice so that we may rethink the ways in which we can renew ourselves and
our community.
This Rosh Hashanah also marks my own Shmita year as cantor of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. No, it
is not time for a sabbatical. It is, however, a chance to review and reflect on all the relationships and events
that have shaped my family’s experience here in Jacksonville over the past six years. The title Hazzan,
taken from the same Hebrew root as the aforementioned Hazon, meaning ‘vision.’ One would think that
the title would mimic its English equivalent, cantor, meaning ‘to sing.” Being a Hazzan is not only about
coming into a pulpit, but into a community with a vision in mind. It is about revisiting that vision with the
acknowledgement that the status quo must be pushed musically, programmatically and spiritually.
As we begin the New Year, the vision is clear: more music. We have expanded our Shabbat musical
repertoire. We now offer Friday Night Shabbat in the Round and Koltrain family services. We’ve introduced
new melodies into our services. We’ve created special Shabbat Shira programming, Shabbat at Sea
adventures, dynamic Purim Shpiels, as well as community wide concerts and sing-a-longs. Our Harmonia
and High Holiday chorales have enriched our services. This is the beginning. Let us take this Shmita year to
take all of this and more to the next level. I encourage you to contact me if you are interested in becoming
more involved in the music of our community.
Our family has been blessed to be a part of this sacred community. Leora and I arrived here a week after
our wedding and we have embraced and been embraced by this
congregation. We have grown together, laughed together, shared
in simchas and times of sorrow. Our daughter was named in our
sanctuary. May we continue to share for years to come.
Leora, Rena and I wish you all a happy, healthy, and sweet
new year. May we all be proud of what we have accomplished.
May we all find joy and excitement in what lies ahead.
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
