.A
|—A Message from the Ritual Director —«$
DAILY LITURGY
|= —= - ■ —
Scott Zimmerman
Ritual Director
“Praised be You, God...who commands us to busy ourselves with words
of Torah.” Talmud Torah (the study of sacred Jewish texts) is so important in
Jewish tradition that the daily liturgy begins with this formulaic blessing.
It is followed by short passages from the Bible, as well as the Mishnah and
the Talmud, the central works of rabbinic Judaism. All of Jewish religious
literature can be considered “Torah.”
Elsewhere in the daily liturgy, Jews thank God for expressing love for the
Jewish people by granting them Torah: Both the Five Books of Moses and, more
generally, Jewish teachings. Words of Torah “are our life and the length of our
days,” the prayer book says; “day and night we will meditate upon them.”
More than simply a means to learning the content of divinely revealed law, Torah study is an end in itself,
and according to some, another way of worshipping God. The Torah is portrayed in rabbinic tradition as
predating all history; the very blueprint according to which God constructed the universe. To study Torah in
depth, then, is to do more than leam prescribed behaviors; it is to approach an understanding of the foundations
of all existence and the pathways of the divine. According to some rabbinic sources, therefore, the Israelites’
acceptance of the Torah at Mt. Sinai enabled the world to continue to exist and not be plunged back into
primordial chaos.
I would like to thank the many members of our congregation who have added their voices to the process
that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we have maintained a high level of participation in
reading Torah. The commitment and encouragement of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will
ensure that this quality standard will be continued for many generations to come. I would like to thank all of
our teachers for their continued support and cooperation.
On behalf of Suzanne, Casie, Jared, Aron, Berk and myself we wish the entire congregation a heartfelt
Shanah Tovah,
Scott Zimmerman
13
