>- Communities & Organizations ~4
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
The Adult Education Committee continues
to be committed to offering a myriad of
educational opportunities for our synagogue and
community. The dedication and commitment of
our committee members in conjunction with the
support of Lois Tompkins, Staff Liaison, Rabbi
Lubliner, Rabbi Olitzky, and Hazzan Holzer,
helped our ideas become reality and ensure the
success of our programs.
The Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton
featured Scholar in Residence Rabbi Steve
Greenburg, the first openly gay Orthodox Rabbi.
Prior to his visit, we provided programming to
learn about the LGBT issues within the context of Conservative Judaism. We co-sponsored Hazzan Holzer’s
Shabbat Shira with actor Jon Adam Ross as he performed his one-man show, Walking in Memphis: The Life
of a Southern Jew. Holiday programming included Selihot speakers Victoria Ruvolo, author of No Room
for Vengeance, High Holiday cooking class at Publix, and adult classes for Rosh Hashanah and Shavuot.
We organized an evening program featuring Nancy Soderberg, American foreign policy strategist and
Distinguished Visiting Scholar at the University of North Florida, and were involved with WJCT in presenting
the “Swastika to Jim Crow” program. We had a great turnout for Professor Stephen Cantor’s presentation:
“Genesis and the Big Bang Theory.”
Our weekly ongoing classes include Foundations of Judaism, Talmud, Monday Morning Mapquest, Torah
reading classes, and Mishnah. We offer three beginning Hebrew classes and are piloting a new Online Hebrew
class through a partnership with the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs and ShalomLearning, Inc. Monthly
classes include Coffee and Torah, Shabbat Meditation, movies, Nosh and Drash, B’nei Mitzvah classes for
parents of upcoming Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, and supporting parent education programs in the Galinsky Academy.
Through the hard work of Elaine Furman and Wendy Honigman, the Adult Library is finally a reality. The
Adult Library houses a wealth of Jewish texts and books that are available for checkout. We encourage you to
come and visit this invaluable resource.
Shanah Tovah!
Andy Raitt
Adult Education Committee Chair
Committee Members
CHAIR: Andy Raitt
STAFF LIAISON: Lois Tompkins
Eve Aptheker
Barbara Hunter
Sandi Driben
Marty Kaufman
Ava Fixel
Mimi Kaufman
Michael Fixel
Leonard Lipkin
Elaine Furman
Beth Oberlander
Wendy Honigman
Larry Rosenblum
Joe Honigman
Sharon Rosenblum
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Helen Shacter
25
