MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
The Membership Committee at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center wishes all of our
Center family, “L’Shanah Tovah!” We on the
committee serve as the hosts and hostesses of
the synagogue. Our goal is to try to make all
of our members, both new and old alike, feel
welcome in our combined spiritual home. All
Center members should feel like a member of the
Membership Committee, inviting the unaffiliated
to join our family and to reach out to unfamiliar
faces when in the building to connect with those
you do not know.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is one large
family. We come together as a community in the
celebration of life cycle events: Baby Namings
and Brit Milah, Graduations from our schools
of the Galinsky Academy, B’nai Mitzvahs,
weddings, and, sadly, our loved ones’ passings.
Many have chosen to celebrate the anniversaries
of these life cycle events with their Center family.
We are also excited about our renewed Havurah Program. Joette Anderson worked diligently to get the
program going and Amy Levinson and Paula Garfinkel have now taken over the reins as co-chairs. A havurah
is a small group of individuals, couples or families, who share common interests and the desire to meet
with others on a regular basis for the purpose of developing a more intimate community within the Center
family. Since the last High Holy Days we have been able to form six new groups. If you are interested in
joining a havurah, contact the Center office and fill in the havurah interest form so that we can do our best
in matching you with other members with common interests.
The weekly “Shabbat Greeter” program is coordinated by Aliza Morris, a member of the Membership
Committee. I want to give a big thanks to all our volunteers this year as it gives our synagogue a great first
welcoming impression each Shabbat morning.
I would like to thank all the current Membership Committee members this year who have supported
our programs. We look forward to continued participation in the support and growth of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Sheree Spriggs
VP of Membership
Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR
- Sheree Spriggs
STAFF LIAISON -
Don Kriss
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Joette Anderson
Carol Matoren
Shirley Bielski
Harvey Matoren
Moti Demri
Aliza Morris
Etta Fialkow
Robin Morris
Marilyn Garber
Kathy Osterer
Paula Garfinkel
Penny Powell
Vicki Gatewood
Marjie Rogozinski
Elaine Hodz
Robin Shorstein
Carolyn Krestul
Tom Spriggs
Amy Levinson
