►— Committees & Organizations
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
During the year 5774, the Religious Life Community (RLC), under the leadership of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Vice-President Steven Mizrahi, worked to shape and guide the religious direction of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. This included the introduction of the triennial cycle of reading the Torah in its entirety over a three-
year period to encourage greater participation and improve the flow of Shabbat services. In addition, the RLC
conducted a “listening tour” this past spring to solicit feedback and perspective from a wide range of members
about Shabbat services at the Center. In the year ahead, we will continue to explore new ways to bring innovation
to our worship as we reach out beyond the current circle of regulars, while maintaining the vital traditions of the
Center’s religious heritage.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily morning and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a
strong part of our synagogue’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect
with God and other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved
ones. With the efforts put forth by the RLC, attendance at our daily minyanim has increased over the past year.
Many thanks to Hazzan Holzer, as well as our Ritual Director, Scott Zimmerman, for their hours of devotion
and service to our congregation. We welcome Rabbi Tilman to the JJC’s clergy team, and look forward to
working with him. We are also grateful for the efforts of the devoted members of the RLC for their hard work
in helping to shape the future of our spiritual home.
Community Members
CHAIRPERSON ■
Steven Mizrahi
STAFF LIAISONS - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner,
Hazzan Jesse Holzer, Rabbi Howard Tilman
Philip Bloom
Phyllis Goldberg
Len Lipkin
Harry Shmunes
Moti Demri
Lynda Gridley
Lenny Maiman
Beth Shorstein
Etta Fialkow
Faye Hedrick
Eli Mizrahi
Mark Shorstein
Larry Goldberg
llene Levenson
Marco Rand
Howard Wolpoff
HOUSE COMMITTEE
Our House Committee has been very busy! We worked hard to keep the Jacksonville Jewish Center building
in tip top shape and the beautiful Beth Shalom Park looking grand. We hope you had an opportunity to look at
the special supplement that we published just a little while back. Here are some highlights of the publication.
Completed Projects
New Chiller Installed with State of the Art
Software for Efficiency
ADA Accessibility - Elevator Project - Door
Openers - Sidewalks
Automated Restroom Doors
Self-closing Restroom Stall Doors
Improved Side Walk Access
Ansbacher Pavillion Restoration
Sliding Walls in the Setzer Social Hall, the
Fletcher-Selber Auditorium and in the
Bessie Setzer Frisch Activities Center
New Digital Audio Mixer - Sanctuary
Total Facility Fire System Upgrade
Natural Gas Conversion from Propane
Pool Water Service Line
Campus Tree Pruning & Clearing
Security Alarm System Updated
Panic Buttons Installed
Security Manual Updated and Lockdown
Drills Held Monthly
Cemetery Records Now Electronically
Managed
Gym Floor Restoration
Homeland Security Grant Campus
Enhancements
Major Campus Restoration to the Watershed
Future Facility Improvements
Walls Coverings on Sliding Walls
Window Treatments throughout the Facility
Carpeting throughout the Facility
Paving and Sealing the Parking Lots
Re-Do the Pool Decking and Epoxy Locker
Room Floors at the Yegelwel Family Pool
Sanctuary Updating
Parking Lot Lighting Updating
DuBow / Cohen Lobby Tile Repairs
Energy Efficient Lighting Upgrades to
Entire Complex
Re-Key All Locks to a Master and Sub-
Master System
CHAIRPERSON
Committee Members
- Ben Setzer STAFF LIAISONS - Don Kriss, Lori Schoettler, Brent Ganey
Allan Andrew
Erica Jolles
Scotty Schwartz
Howard Wolpoff
Philip Bloom
Tyler Curl
Craig Sommers
Dana Zaifert
Steven Gross
Ellen Rosner
Howard Teitelbaum
Andy Zunic
Kim Israel
David Schmerer
Paige Wajsman
27
