Committees & Organizations
HESED COMMUNITY 5775
The Hesed committee’s mission is to offer help and comfort to our Center members and families during
times of illness, loss or other life challenges. Hesed Committee members help members of our Congregational
Family who are ill or homebound, or who have lost a loved one, by sending get-well cards and condolence
cards, making phone calls, making visits or sending home-cooked meals. Transportation is provided on
occasion as well.
Other initiatives include Care & Comfort Bags, a package of assorted items delivered in person to a
newly bereaved congregant within the first few months of his or her loss. The committee also supports the
delivery of meals to parents of newborns. We thank our hardworking members.
Our best wishes for health and healing in the New Year.
CHAIR -
Committee Members
Beth Shorstein STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner
Bob Bossen
Peter Hammer
Marcia Howard
Penny Powell
Naomie Bossen
Laurie Hecht
Marcelle Karstaedt
Andy Raitt
Debbie Charpiat
Faye Hedrick
Sylvia Lubliner
Robin Rand
Sandy Driben
Andrea Hernandez
Larry Mendlow
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Helen Hill
Jack Mizrahi
Heather Sherman
Rhoda Goldstein
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Rachel Morgenthal
Sheree Spriggs
Laura Goldstein
Edith Horovitz
Robin Morris
SOCIAL ACTION
The Social Action Committee at the Center has continued to be involved with several ongoing projects.
Every other month on the second Sunday, volunteers spend several hours at Sulzbacher Center for the
Homeless preparing and serving meals to hundreds.
We have monthly drives to upcycle many items to the Teacher’s Supply Depot that are used in our public
schools for both teaching tools and art projects. Their list of needs is extensive and the creativity used in
reusing these items is limitless.
Current magazines have been donated to area hospitals, River Garden and to local senior centers.
We continue to support the ConKerr Cancer Miles of Smiles pillowcase projects by making and donating
pillowcases for each child who enters an area hospital. We need people to sew the pillowcases, people to
donate fabric or to donate money for the purchase of fabric.
One of our most successful social action projects for the past two years is the combined effort with The
Temple to provide Meals on Wheels on Christmas Day. This project involves hundreds of hands to prepare
and deliver food. The cost for the food is sponsored by the local Aging True agency. This past year an
additional component was added to the project. It was our goal to have cookies donated to take to each area
fire station. The support was AMAZING and we had enough cookies to not only bring dozens to each fire
station, but to each local police station as well. Over 3,000 cookies were donated and delivered and 410
dinners were cooked, packaged and delivered.
We continue to help where and when we can and always need more involvement.
SAC CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
31
