Special Events
PURIM SHPIEL
Purim is always a lively celebration and this year was no
different. There was something for everyone! Beginning Saturday
night, March 15 congregants were able to participate in a variety
of activities. After a traditional megilah reading our annual Purim
shpeil, entitled The Shpiel Producers, brought down the house with
parody versions of some of Broadway’s classics. From Wicked’s
“ Unpopular” to The Producers, “Shpieltime for Persia” our
performance was filled with musicality alongside some hilarious
moments. Hazzan Holzer and the whole cast, once again, created
an entertaining Purim program.
After the Shpiel everyone was encouraged to stay for a lively
Purim party, chaired by Jamiee Mitzmacher. With the help of Eta
Fialkow and many others, participants enjoyed a DJ and a variety of
snacksand
drinks.
Children
and adults all dressed up to celebrate the holiday.
Sunday morning the celebration continued with
a family megilah reading followed by the * Galinsky
Academy PTA sponsored Purim carnival. With over 300
people attending the carnival had something for everyone.
There were bounce houses, pony rides, inflatable obstacle
courses and slide. Kids could participate in a variety
of carnival games, win prizes and enjoy a pizza lunch.
Nancy Davis, Melanie Setzer and all the PTA volunteers
worked to make the 2014 Purim carnival the best one yet!
SHABBAT SHIRAH WEEKEND
This year, the Jacksonville Jewish Center invited Jon Adam Ross as our Shabbat Shirah scholar-in-
residence. Jon was selected as our scholar for this specific Shabbat experience because the Israelites, in
chanting the famous “Song of the Sea” had a full body, dramatic moment. Jon was able to recreate this magic
during our Shabbat morning services.
The signature event of the weekend,
however, was Jon’s one-man play WALKING
IN MEMPHIS: The Life of a Southern Jew. The
performance wove itself through Jon’s childhood
as a Jew in the Southern city of Memphis,
Tennessee. It was a unique journey of passage,
and it was made all the more so by the characters
Jon inhabited.
It was great to see Jon work with our
students in all of our schools. Jon conducted
drama workshops in our day school and
conducted a fun bibliodrama for our religious
school in celebration of Tu B’shvat.
61
