Special Events
SIMHAT TORAH HONOREES-5774
Jen Plotkin
Kallat Torah
Jen has worked in Commercial Banking in Jacksonville, Florida for 17 years.
She started her career with Bank of America in the Management Training Program and
once completed, began working with small business owners as a Relationship Manager.
In 2010, Jen joined the Commercial Banking Group at BBVA Compass. She has been
awarded by the Bank as a top performer nationally in both 2011 and 2012. Jen currently
serves on the Board of the Jacksonville Jewish Federation and Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Most recently she served a three-year term as the Vice President of Finance for
the Jacksonville Jewish Center and chairs the Center’s Investment Committee. In addition to her involvement
in the Jewish Community, Jen also serves as a member of the University of North Florida’s Dean’s Leadership
Council for the Thomas G. Carpenter Library; she has served as a Junior Achievement mentor in Jacksonville, and
is currently a Board Member for Junior Achievement of Clay County. Jen is also a certified Surrogate Parent for
the St. Johns County School system. Jen has served as board member of the Downtown Council of the Chamber
of Commerce; a mentor in the Financial Matters Women’s mentoring program sponsored by the Jacksonville
Chamber of Commerce, and has been a member of the Health Care Council. Jen lives in St. Johns with her
husband Rick Plotkin and her three children, Jared, Julia and Ethan.
Stuart Appelbaum
Hatan Bereishit
Stuart is a water resources engineer who after a 35-year career in public service, retired
in 2012 from the Army Corps of Engineers. For most of his career with the Corps, he led
the Everglades restoration program. He now leads a national water management practice
for ARC ADIS, a large international consultant headquartered in the Netherlands. Before
coming to Jacksonville, Stuart was a founding member and first president of Adat Chaim
synagogue in Baltimore. He has been an active member of the Center since moving to
Jacksonville in 1988. Stu served as Education Committee co-chair and was a member of
the Board of Directors and the Executive Board. He was a founding member of the Center Men’s Club and is a
regular at Sunday evening minyan. He also regularly serves as a Gabbai at Shabbat services. Stuart was bom and
raised in New York City where he met his wonderful wife Karen. They are the parents of two sons - Joshua and
Michael. Both boys graduated from the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and were confirmed at the Center.
Andrea Mail
Aishet Hayil
Andrea and her family moved to Jacksonville from London, England, nine years
ago. She volunteers extensively for the JJC and other Jewish organizations. Andrea
co-chaired the Center raffle ‘The Art of Education’ two years consecutively and
the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School 50th Anniversary Celebration. Andrea has served on
the Center’s Board and on the Executive Committee as Vice President of Education.
Andrea is currently PTA Vice-President of Membership, Chair of the Galinsky Academy
Development Committee and serves on the JJC Youth Committee. Andrea serves on the
Boards of the Jewish Federation and Jewish Foundation. She is active with AIPAC and on event committees for
the JCA, JFCS and River Garden. Andrea has been married for twenty years to Steven Mail. Their three daughters,
Sabrina, Zoe and Jasmine attended the DuBow Preschool and currently attend the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School.
■P
59
