t
Galinsky Academy
Shalom!
I am very happy to join the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community. Your longstanding support for
quality Jewish education is legendary within the
Conservative Movement. Your strong community,
based on warmth and respect for all, has been obvious
from the first time I visited Jacksonville. I have been
impressed with the professionals, educators and lay
leaders who help guide JJC’s programs.
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Alyse Nathans
The Galinsky Academy provides Jewish children of all ages, from infancy
to high school graduation, the highest quality education possible. Comprised of
DuBow Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School, Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, and Setzer Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy embodies the
commitment that all of our children - regardless of the path their parents choose - benefit from the finest teachers,
an engaged clergy, the highest-quality curriculum, and the most cutting-edge technology.
Our schools teach respect for the diversity of Jewish practice. The Galinsky Academy is a place for Jews,
regardless of background or practice, to come together around a shared heritage.
One of my goals is to integrate our marketing, development and recruitment functions so that we create an
educational institution that will have an even larger “presence” outside of the building. I want us to attract families,
as well as donors, thought partners and “investors.” Our schools must be seen by as many people as possible as
making a contribution to the larger community, improving the world through our graduates.
One of the most exciting projects the Galinsky Academy will undertake is to further align all schools, programs
and goals under one common vision, creating synergies that strengthen the impact on all of our children, preschool
through high school. Not many congregations have the level of staffing, programs and resources necessary to
accomplish this. The Center does! Staff, parents, volunteers will all be a part of this important project. Stay tuned
for more!
I am grateful for the wonderful, creative institution that Dr. Jon Mitzmacher has handed off to me. 1 am
pleased he will continue to be close, as a school parent, colleague and neighbor.
My wife Marci (who will be teaching in the MJGDS middle school) and I look forward to getting to know
you, and wish you all a Shana Tova U’metukah.
87
