Preschool
LEARNING THAT IS MEANINGFUL
Raise up a child in the way he should go, even when he is old he will not
depart from it. -Proverbs 22:6
*
i
DuBOW
PRESCHOOL
Shereen Canady
Director
Chair - Lynda Gridley
Why Choose a Jewish Early Childhood Program?
You and your child will be inspired by an environment where:
• intellectual development and curiosity are highly valued: your child
will be ready to enter any learning environment with a love of learning
and readiness to discover
• your child will develop a strong Jewish identity while flourishing in a safe, healthy,
and educationally enriched environment
• the school’s staff, as well as the sponsoring organization’s clergy and other
professionals, will be responsive to your family’s concerns and questions
• your family will build friendships and celebrate together with other families
• you can participate in child development and Jewish life skills learning programs with
other parents
• information and guidance about opportunities for continuing Jewish education in our
community will be available
Developed by the Alliance for Jewish Early Education
The DuBow Preschool at the Jacksonville Jewish Center has provided such an environment for over 70 years.
Why Families Choose the DuBow Preschool?
The DuBow Preschool offers learning that is meaningful and designed to promote independence, social
development and intellectual growth. We embrace the philosophy that children learn best by doing. Each day our
students are artists, scientists, bakers, teachers, musicians, builders, and explorers. Utilizing a program that is inspired
by Jewish values and traditions, we stimulate each child’s social, emotional, physical, and cognitive development.
By choosing the DuBow Preschool, families are choosing not only a unique early childhood program, but
also a loving community. The children benefit from an exceptional program led by committed and experienced staff
including preschool professionals, clergy, and specially trained teachers.
The mission of our preschool for over 70 years has been to offer a supportive, creative, safe, enriching, and
developmentally appropriate environment for the youngest members of the community. Challenging our students to
stretch their unique potential, we’ve created a place to grow towards maturity and independence. Our goal is to work
with our families, to provide a first school experience that instills a joyful, solid foundation and a love of being Jewish.
Our families are invited to share in our weekly Shabbat celebrations and in our many wonderful programs which
include a Hannukah program, model seders and more.
On behalf of my faculty, and my daughters Cayla and Julia, I wish you a Shanah Tovah Umetukah, a good and
sweet new year.
Shereen Canady
Dina Kirshbaum
Administrative
Assistant
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Amy McClure
Kids Club
Coordinator
Zina Levitsky
Music
Teacher
Amanda Watsky
Exploration & Discovery
Program Coordinator
92
