Galinsky Academy
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The parent-teacher association of the Galinsky Academy is comprised of the
parents and teachers of the DuBow Preschool, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
and the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School. Our board is comprised of
volunteers who strive to make our schools the best they can possibly be for our
children. The PTA contributes to the educational experience of our children by
offering programs and events, equipment and technology, and a whole lot more!
Some of the programs and services that we offer throughout the year include
Red Ribbon Week, Shabbat Boxes, Vision Screening, support of the Art, Drama,
and Music programs in our schools, library support, Holiday Observance and the
publication of the MJGDS yearbook!
We love our teachers and staff!!! A big part of the parent-teacher
association is showing our teachers how much they are appreciated! The PTA
helps organize gifts for the teachers, a teacher appreciation week, as well as a
teacher appreciation dinner at the end of the school year.
We fundraise to help support our programming and services as well as
provide funds for items that are not covered by regular tuition. For example, in
the past year we helped sponsor guest speakers for our schools, purchased a loom
and art supplies for our art program, helped with the costumes and décor of the
“From Sea To Shining Sea” program, and purchased a subscription for a video
and resource service for the library and media center, among other projects.
Also, every year, each teacher in all three schools receives money for use in their
classroom to purchase non-perishable items. The PTA also provides food for our holiday celebrations, First Grade
Consecrations, and graduations. We are proud of all that we accomplish, but we always need your help! This year’s
fundraisers will include selling Enjoy the City Books (a wonderful coupon book that pays for itself in just a few uses),
the GAMEon/Marty Run, and a HUGE Purim Carnival Extravaganza! Our Fundraising Chairs, Nancy Davis and
Melanie Setzer, have been working very hard to put the fun in fundraising, and we are looking forward to an exciting
year ahead!
Our PTA Board is a group of dedicated volunteers who help our schools. We have a wonderful group of dedicated
parents that volunteer at our events throughout the year. I am thankful for everyone’s involvement, and I am looking
forward to an exciting year ahead!
Best Wishes for a sweet, happy and healthy New Year ahead in 5775! -L’Shanah Tovah Tikatevu V’Techatemun!
Yakov Feig
Galinsky Academy PTA President
PTA Officers
President
Yakov Feig
V.P. of Fundraising
Melanie Setzer
V.P. of Programming
Kim Millrood
V.P. of Services
Simon Schuster
V.P. of Membership
Andrea Mail
Treasurer
Galit Hill
Secretary
Cindy Handmaker
Preschool Liaison
Falyn Shilts
Religious School Liaisons
llene Bomser, Rebekah Selevan
Red Ribbon Week
Jeanine Hoff
(jAMEOn!
91
