►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
AN EXCITING TIME FOR THE DAY SCHOOL
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School has hit the ground
running for school year 2014 / 2015. Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, a proud member of the Galinsky Academy,
welcomed a new Head of Schools, Rabbi Jim Rogozen.
Rabbi Rogozen, along with his wife, Marci, come to
Jacksonville from Teaneck, New Jersey, where he served
as the Chief Learning Officer for United Synagogue of
Conservative Judaism. Prior to that, Rabbi Rogozen spent
19 years as Head of School at Gross Schechter in Cleveland,
Ohio.
t
i
Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
Rabbi Jim Rogozin
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Gaby Bubis
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is also excited to welcome several new lead
and assistant teachers this year. Our amazing assistants come from a variety of
backgrounds, and many of them have similar qualifications as our lead teachers.
Sarah Zakikhani has joined the front office as an administrative assistant, and Nancy
Davis is the newly-appointed Institutional Advancement Coordinator for MJGDS and all Galinsky Academy
schools.
We are thrilled with several new endeavors for this school year. Over the summer an elevator was installed
linking the first and second floors of Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, which will enable ALL visitors to move
freely around the school. We are also grateful that through Jewish Family and Community Service we have
a part time onsite guidance counselor to work with teacher, students and parents to complement the Galinsky
Academy’s Community of Kindness program.
The staff and lay leadership are continuing to work hard to provide our students with a caring environment,
a challenging curriculum and a customized learning plan to help every child reach his or her potential.
As we begin the new year, the faculty and Day School committee wish all of our families and the entire
congregation a Shanah Tovah.
Edith Horovitz Nancy Davis
Vice Principal of Institutional
Middle School Advancement Coordinator
Sarah Zakikhani
Administrative
Assistant
98
