c
Setzer Youth Education 5
ft
A MESSAGE FROM THE YOUTH DIRECTOR
I am thrilled to be the new JJC Youth Director! The Jacksonville Jewish
Center has a rich tradition of amazing youth programming, and I look forward to
continuing this tradition. The support that the Center has for its youth, whether
Camp KiTov, PreSchool, Day School, Religious School, Chalutzim, Kadima,
USY, Hebrew High or any other form of youth programming...it’s truly a
heartwarming thing to see!
United Synagogue has trained us to start using the Hebrew buzzword
Kehillah when speaking about a Synagogue. Kehillah means, in simple terms, a
group of people who have come together for a single purpose. The Kehillah of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center is what other communities should strive to be:
warm, inviting, and friendly.
Why should we all aim to be this way? Yes, to attain new members and
to create the wonderful community that’s already in place. However, another
reason comes to mind: to show the young people of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center how they should treat each other as they get older. The children that I’ve met in our many programs
have been so nice and warm, which is a beautifully encouraging thing to see.
With that said, I cannot wait to work with all of them and all of you this year, and for many more
years to come. This Youth Department is one of excellence and I can’t wait to continue the rich traditions that
make this chapter the amazing place it is.
B’shalom v’ahava,
Steven Resnick
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
CHAIR - David Bielski
STAFF LIAISON - Steven Resnick
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Hebrew High and the Scouts programs. The
committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that the future of Conservative
Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue
summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah
Seminar in Israel and USY Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome fun and uniquely
Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States and
Canada. The Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of
scholarships.
David Bielski
Faye Mizrah
Stacy Leach
Dina Fetner
Sheri Weiss
Maura Silverstein
Susan Levine
Lisa Wolfson
Samantha Levin
Sylvia Jaffa
Carrie Bielski
Marc Grosse
Dan Jaffa
Andrea Mail
Gayle Bailys
Jamiee Mitzmacher
Dennis Mizrahi
Christina Levine
111
