► Setzer Youth Education 4
CAMP KI TOY
Camp Ki Tov, Summer 2014, was full of fun!! We had a lot of
returning faces on the staff eager to see their campers. On the first
day of camp, the children arrived excited and ready for a memorable
summer. This summer, campers enjoyed some old favorites such as
fishing, archery, sports, and more. Some weeks we welcomed visitors
like a petting zoo, a magical clown, and bounce houses. Other weeks we
ventured out to go to Mandarin Mills, Bowl America, to the Jacksonville Beach, and to Fire Station
51. Our CIT’s had lots of fun leading arts and crafts along with the cooking program.
Each day, with varying themes such as Color Day, Crazy Day, and more, each cabin competed
with spirit and pride to win the beloved ‘spirit stick.’ We were also very fortunate to have both
Rabbi Olitzky and Hazzan Holzer lead our Week 1 and 2 Shabbat lunches on Fridays with lots of
ruach (spirit) and passion! We enjoyed being menches and doing mitzvot on Fridays to get in the
spirit of Shabbat. In July, we were excited to welcome Rabbi Tilman to our Camp Ki Tov family!
Our JJC clergy also joined each cabin for Judaic-related activities. We had the privilege of hosting
counselors from Israel at Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought
to our camp! As usual, we also had a great time planning our annual Camp Ki Tov undernight/
overnight. There was special nighttime swimming, flashlight games, and kosher s’mores!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and
we were more than successful! Thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy,
and to the loving parents. A big shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who
dedicated their summer to making memories for our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy, and happy year. We look forward to creating more friendships
during summer 2015 at Camp Ki Tov!!!
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Shereen Canady
Preschool Camp Director
with your children
Pam Lewis Shereen Canady
Upper Camp Director Preschool Camp Director
113
