°t/AíDATl°l
Subs
THANKS TO YOU
IT’S SAFER IN
JACKSONVILLE!
Your contributions to Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation
continue to make a difference here at home, with local donations of
more than $700,000.
Those dollars have allowed 73 departments and public
safety organizations receive life-saving equipment
and resources, to help protect and save lives.
Thanks for your spare change, for Rounding Up
your purchase and for buying our
recycled pickle buckets.
Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation
The Heart of Fire
Happy New Year!
FirehouseSub s. com/Foundation
Follow us: @savinglives
WHAT CAUSES MOST DISEASES?
Almost daily we read about this or that item causing physical or mental diseases. A short time later, a more
recent study is published, indicating that something entirely different is the cause. No one attempts to tie the cause
of one disease to that of another.
It is high time that we wise up to the real cause of most diseases-- taking harmful substances into the body.
The most common of these substances are coffee, tea, soft drinks, chocolate, and food preservatives, known as
sodium or potassium benzoate; all contain chemical compounds known as aromatic or benzene rings. Other toxic
substances include alcohol, such as beer, wine and liquor; tobacco; fluorides, found in most toothpastes and
mouthwashes; pesticides; drugs, in both prescription and non-prescription medicine, marijuana and other “street”
varieties; food dyes, sugar and artificial sweeteners, X-rays, aluminum antiperspirants, mercury and other metals.
These toxic, “slow poison” substances damage various parts of the body, such as the endocrine gland
system, causing mental illnesses, (ADHD, depression, suicide and other violent crimes, bipolar disease, alcoholism
and schizophrenia); and physical illnesses, such as cardiovascular ailments (heart attack, arrhythmias, aneurysms,
stroke, sickle cell crisis, high blood pressure, elevated cholesterol and triglycerides,); diabetes, hyperglycemia and
hypoglycemia; most types of cancer (brain, breast, prostate, uterine, ovarian, rectal, lung, leukemia and lymphoma,
and they all start with a malnourished pancreas!); nervous system problems (ALS, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, multiple
sclerosis and muscular dystrophy); eye and ear diseases; arthritis, (lupus, gout, psoriasis); osteoporosis, obesity,
birth defects and many acute diseases.
How can we avoid or postpone getting these illnesses? By abstaining from all the items in the previous two
paragraphs. What should we eat and drink? Fruits, vegetables, whole grains, freshly prepared soups, nuts, seeds,
beans, and limited amounts of proteins (fish, poultry, eggs) and fats (olive oil or butter). One should drink limited
amounts of mostly reverse osmosis or other purified water. Vitamins, minerals and other supplements are also
important to keep the body supplied with necessary substances to avoid diseases and overcome them. Both stretch
and aerobic exercises (swimming or walking) should be done almost daily to avoid illness.
Sounds simple? It really is! For complete details, go to...
WWW.JOELBRESSLER.COM
166
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
