President and Chairman of the Board
ROBERT J. GORDON
Chairman of the Board
RALPH S. MIZRAHI
President
OUR COMBINED MESSAGE
The message on this page in itself portrays a harmonious
partnership that exists in our congregation. Your President and
Chairman of the Board combine their thinking in addressing their
fellow members on some important facts and the obligations that
issue from them.
The past decade has witnessed great strides in our synagogue.
The congregational administrative structure, headed by our esteemed
Rabbi, has been responsive to the changing needs of the community
and at the same time achieve stability. The lay leaders have de¬
veloped more and more experience and are able to give advice and
counsel to the new leadership—a leadership guided by the congre¬
gation, democratic in its approach, endeavoring to breach the gap
between youth and elders, approaching every problem with the view
of providing the congregation with the best.
The physical facilities developed over the years are obvious. We
have a spacious, modern structure, welcoming and awaiting our
members to avail themselves, spiritually and socially.
Occasionally one wonders—“What is lacking? Why is it difficult
to get active participation of so many of our members ?” Is it the
lack of understanding or the lack of information? We feel that the
understanding lies within the hearts of all our members. Maybe
through information, we can bring out that essential touch which
has perpetuated our existence over the centuries.
Through education we build leadership. The school system of
the synagogue is the keynote of our faith. Our membership and
prospective members should be interested in the following facts and
information regarding our educational program, described in full
in a special section of this Year Book:
Sunday Religious School 500 pupils 18 teachers,
5 assistants
Hebrew School 200 pupils 6 teachers, full
or part time
Daily Kindergarten-Nursery 65 pupils 5 teachers
Three buses plus private cars furnish transportation for our
Hebrew School and Kindergarten to and from all sections of the city.
The past year, we had 26 Bar Mitzvahs, 2 Bas Mitzvahs, and
a Confirmation class of 23. Each year the number increases and in
each category there are always found a goodly number of out¬
standing youngsters who have acquired the knowledge, inspiration
and desire to participate as leaders or devoted workers in our youth
organizations.
The nominal fees charged in these various branches of our
educational systems are far less than the cost and must be subsi¬
dized from dues by our membership. The more this program de^
velops, the more subsidizing is necessary and more dues are required.
We must depend on the generosity of our congregation to continue
providing our children with the best in Jewish education.
The dedicated lay leadership are sacrificing of themselves and
are working with enthusiasm and drive to build this institution to
even greater heights. The congregation has its obligation to ease
this task of cooperating to the fullest through both, your active and
financial support. The work of the Board is open to those who are
interested. Members who care to participate are welcome. We are
looking for “new blood’’ to bring new ideas, new enthusiasm and
new goals towards attaining a better understanding of our heritage.
In the name of the Officers and members of the Boards, we
extend our heartiest greetings to the congregation:
“Le Shanah Tovah Tiketevu!’’ A Happy and Good New Year!
11
