Rabbi s Message
MEANING OF THE HOLY ARK
(Excerpts from acknowledgment address at
Dedication Service)
It is gratifying to see that our synagogue's shrine has
something to say to the wider community. As time goes on
it shall, and properly should have, more meaning to our
fellow citizens who seek the Lord in sincerity and truth.
Newspapers of our city showed great interest in our
new sanctuary. They caught the spirit of the symbolism
written large by expert handcraft in the design of our Holy
Ark and pulpit. But I must say, without slight to their
competence, that they did not exhaust the inspiring message.
The Florida Times-Union and Jacksonville Journal would
have required special supplements to approximate such an
aim.
To you, our honored guest, Dr. Simon Greenberg, Vice-
Chancellor of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America,
these representations speak in an articulate idiom.
Prominently emblazened on this lectern is the emblem
of the Burning Bush, inspired by seal of our beloved Semi¬
nary.
The curved panels flanking the doors of the Ark indicate
more profoundly how we aim to transmit the guidance of
the fountainhead of Conservative Judaism in America to
those whom we serve religiously. These two panels rise as
pillars of faith in support of the placque of the Ten Com¬
mandments. With artistic subtlety these ceremonial objects
spell out the sacred cycle of holy days on which our tradition
revolves.
The message is Jewish in content, but all-human in in¬
tent. They proclaim solace and confidence to a humanity
that cries for meaning in life. Can it be denied or over¬
looked that the world is nagged by the cruel realities of a
war of nerves! Conflicting interests on the domestic scene
give the shudders to sensitive souls. Most of us grope for
sufficient spirit to meet the tensions of daily routine.
The sequence of sacred occasions remind us of historic
realities that transcend the turbulence of the moment. Ar¬
ranged in columnar fashion they invite us to lean upon the
sense of holiness in life. God’s grace, love, and protection
are advanced here as our source of strength. For oppressive
thought there is reliance. Countering an aggressive impulse
stands humility. Above the futility of many of life’s mo¬
ments hovers divine affection.
We pray God’s help in bringing these lessons to our
membership, to American Jewry, to Americans of all faith,
races and cultures. The Almighty uphold us in this resolve.
RABBI SANDERS A. TOFIELD
Rabbi Tofield shown before New Ark
9
