Dedication of Holy Ark
DESCRIPTION OF ARK
Wednesday, May 2, 1956 may be recorded as the most
distinguished occasion of the past year and a great event,
one of the greatest events in the history of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. Marking the completion of renovations of
the Center Synagogue, the Holy Ark was dedicated with
Dr. Simon Greenberg, Vice-Chancellor of the Jewish Theo¬
logical Seminary, delivering the address of the occasion.
Local newspapers carried photographs of the Ark with
explanations of the symbolic significance portrayed in carv¬
ings and architectural design. The Florida Times-Union,
issue of April 28th, stated as follows: “Together with other
pulpit appointments, the Holy Ark, historically associated
with the Ark of the Covenant, symbolizes God’s revelation
of the Law on Mt. Sinai. The desired effect is created by
the mounting rise in the height of the furnishings. The Ark
culminates about 25 feet above the synagogue floor in the
crown-shaped Eternal Light of polished, satin-finish bronze,
fitted with a crimson shade.
Immediately below the Sanctuary Lamp (Ner Tamid),
but set slightly back, is a placque of the Tablets of the Law.
From a concave surface of unpolished walnut emerge deeply-
cut Hebrew letters with gilded facing. These spell out the
first two words of the Ten Commandments.
Shadows playing on V-shaped rays extending from the
Tablets suggest the banks of clouds that Moses pierced on
the mountain of revelation.
Throughout the Ark's construction, symbolism is heavily
accented through the use of light and dark woods, delicate
carvings, panels and other devices.
Most significant, perhaps, are the two panels of walnut
flanking the doors. Delicately framed here is a set of eight
carvings depicting ceremonial articles used in Holy Day
observances.
Through the grilled doors may be seen a curtain of blue
velvet. The Ark shell is lined with white and arranged in
two tiers are Torah scrolls mantled in blue with silver em¬
broidery. Many of the scrolls are adorned with embossed
and hammered silver ornaments.
Funds for the new Holy Ark were raised by popular
subscription two years ago at one of the High Holiday serv¬
ices. Members of the Center Sisterhood, through their beau¬
tification fund, purchased carpeting, seats and other items.’’
DEDICATION SERVICE
The souvenir, Dedication Service Program, carried a
photograph of the Ark with the verses “Let them make me a
Sanctuary that I dwell in their midst’’ and “Worship the
Lord in the Beauty of Holiness’’.
The crowded synagogue was entered by the participants
in the Service marching to the chant of Ma Tovu by Cantor
Abraham Marton and the Center choir. After the Rabbi
offered the invocation, Abe Newman, a past President of the
DEDICATION OF THE HOLY ARK—The Rabbi and the Cantor reciting Torah Service prayer. Standing on the pulpit, from left to right:
Dr. Simon Greenberg, Ralph S. Mizrahi, Ben Setzer, Ben B. Yoffee. (At the open Ark) Mrs. Nat F. Cohen and Harry Gendzier
30
