Center Sisterhood (continued)
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Nat F. Cohen
Vice-Pres. and Chairman of Board Mrs. Philip Selber
Vice-Pres. and Membership Chairman .....Mrs, Eli Edwards
Vice-PresMembership Co-Chairman
Mrs. Herbert Warner
Vice-PresFund Raising Chairman...Mrs. Manuel Goldstein
Vice-Pres., Fund Raising
Co-Chairman Mrs. Maurice Cherry
Recording Secretary Mrs. Isadore Weiss
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Ben Edwards
Financial Secretary Mrs. Meyer Chepenik
Treasurer Mrs. Harry Cranman
MRS. NAT F. COHEN
By reviving our Culinary Committee, Sisterhood had
an additional means for integrating more members, and
made it possible to have a number of invited guests at our
functions.
By our participation in the Torah Fund, sponsored by
the National Women’s League, we contributed toward the
Jewish Theological Seminary and its schools for training
of rabbis and teachers.
Sisterhood is affiliated with the National Womens
League from which we get guidance, program material, in¬
formation and suggestions. At the combined Regional Con¬
ference of the Southeastern Branch of National Women’s
League and the Southeastern Region of United Synagogue
we had as our representative from the national office, our
National President, Mrs. Louis Sussman. She served as
advisor for the business sessions and conducted a Leadership
Institute for the delegates.
Our object is to strengthen Judaism, to make it more
acquisition of ceremonial and religious objects for our homes.
It also carries numerous gifts appropriate for newly-born,
Bar Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confirmation and Wedding
gifts. With funds raised on this project, Sisterhood in the
past year bought and installed the new Gift Shop wall show¬
case in the youth activities building.
Through our Donors for Beautification, Sisterhood ac¬
tively participated in the exciting and beautiful Dedication
Leaders of Regional Conference. Regional President, Mrs. Henry B.
Wernick; Mrs. Nat F. Cohen, General Chairman, Mrs. Harry Jaffe.
Services on May 2nd. At this time Sisterhood formally pre¬
sented the Synagogue furnishings and Torah furnishings.
We have a very active program planned for the year
ahead of us. We plan to have one or two courses in Hebrew
for our members. We plan to have institutes for the festivals
of Chanukah, Purim and Pesach. Sisterhood’s program is
set up with our aim always in mind.
Our object is to strengthen Judaism, to make it more
meaningful, dynamic and vital, in the lives of the Sister¬
hood member and her family, through the Synagogue and
through the home.
Display of Sisterhood Book and Gift Shop
items located in the Activities Building Lobby
39
