The Couples Club
OFFICERS
President
Vice-President
Treasurer
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Robert Wolf
Lewis Meisel
.David Lewis
Mrs. Henry Bettman
...Mrs, Morris Spiwak
Robert Wolf
The Couples Club, which was organized to increase
social fellowship and companionship among Jewish couples,
has a membership of 125 couples and is now in its fifth year.
Each social affair, which is held once a month, is ar¬
ranged by several members of the club. A New Year’s Eve
affair and a June installation banquet and dance are the
highlights of the year, with costume affairs, theater parties,
dances, and buffet suppers taking place other months of the
year. Bridge and golf tournaments are held within the club.
Small groups take dancing lessons which has resulted in
added participation on the dance floor.
Mr. and Mrs. Club
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
T reasurer
W. Z. Goldberg
...Dr, Nathan Schneider
Leo Michelson
.Mrs. A1 Mattes
Mrs. Morris Wilson
Mrs. Nathan Goldstein
W. Z. Goldberg
Now in its third year of existence, the Mr. and Mrs.
Club feels that it has firmly established itself in the family
of Center Clubs.
Having been originally founded to fulfill man’s natural
desire to partake of life’s bounty with his fellow man, it has
more than accomplished this purpose. The Mr. and Mrs.
Club presents a vehicle where adult Jews of Jacksonville may
congregate in the environs of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
to enjoy monthly social affairs, fellowship and companion¬
ship.
The affairs of the organization are conducted jointly by
husband and wife, as the name denotes, and the entire
membership partakes in producing the social gatherings of
the Club. The membership has enjoyed the many affairs
of the club so much that they recently increased the mem¬
bership quota from 100 to 125 couples, so that more people
could take advantage of the wonderful social fellowship.
The Club sincerely thanks the Jacksonville Jewish Center
for its invaluable cooperation to this member of its family
and for the facilities which it has provided for our use.
4
43
