Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
425 NEWNAN STREET
EDGAR FELSON
OFFICERS
Honorary Presidents...Alexander Brest, P. N. Cole¬
man, David Harris, Morton R.
Hirschberg, Leonard Moss,
Sam Wolfson
President Edgar M. Felson
Executive
Vice-President Harry Gendzier
Vice-Presidents Mrs. Feliix Glickstein, Sam
Green, Sam H. Siegel, Ben B.
Yoffee, J. L. Kipnis, Ben
Stein — Advanced Gifts;
Lionel Gaines, Bert Whitfield
— Men’s Div.; Mrs. David
Rothstein, Mrs. Phil Sher —
Women’s Div.; A1 Schneider
— Public Relations Com.
Secretary George B. Miller
Treasurer Philip Bork
Auditor Robert M. Rieders
BEN STARK
The Jewish Community Council is the one organization
which speaks for and represents all the Jews in Jacksonville.
It is one of hundreds of Jewish Community Councils
throughout the country, each of which is a member of the
parent organization — the National Council of Jewish Fed¬
erations and Welfare Funds.
The Community Council is a democratic organization
made up of representatives of all Jewish groups which in
turn elect the officers, set the policies and the framework
within which the Council operates. Any activity which
concerns the entire Jewish community is the direct concern
of the Council.
The Council s charter dates back to 1935. The By-Laws
best describe its functions:
1. To help maintain the dignity and integrity of Jewish
life;
2. To develop an articulate, intelligent and effective
public opinion on community problems and interests
3. To foster cooperation among all elements in the com¬
munity of Jacksonville
4. To raise, receive, collect, hold and distribute funds
for Jewish causes, either directly or through presently
existing or subsequently established agencies
5. To enable the Jewish community of Jacksonville,
through coordination of fund-raising activities to meet
its obligations to local, national and overseas causes
in an intelligent and effective manner.
6. To cooperate with other agencies for better mutual
understanding; and
7. In general, to plan for the welfare and development
of the community as a whole, engaging in activities
as will contribute to that end.
To carry out these purposes, the Council has created
various structures. The most important has to do with fund¬
raising. Each year an annual Campaign is conducted to
provide funds for agencies, some 40 in number. These in¬
clude aid for overseas needs through U. J. A., Hadassah and
other groups; combatting anti-Semitism; providing hospital
facilities for the Tubercular and others who are ill; develop¬
ing cultural facilities; maintaining religious institutions and,
of course, meeting needs of our own local institutions such
as the River Garden Home. Almost 2 million dollars have
been raised for these several purposes since the inception
of your Community Council.
To carry on its many other activities, the Council has
established various committees. The Refugee Committee in
past years has done a most important job in the acceptance,
settlement and integration of over 24 refugee families.
Men and women in the Armed Forces are cared for
through the Armed Services Committee. Home hospitality
during the religious holiday is provided in cooperation with
local synagogues.
The Public Relations Committee quietly and effectively
not only stands ready to combat anti-Semitism, but also in
promoting a positive program within the general community.
Recently, as a prime example of the high calibre of
Council work, a census was taken. The results of that self
study were so well received that requests for the Study were
received by many national organizations, public libraries, in¬
cluding the New York Public Library and the Study itself
was given a national award as the “best of its kind” at a
National Convention.
The Commentator, a monthly publication of the Com¬
munity Council, has similarly been given national awards
as a Community Newspaper.
The Community Calendar is another service of the
Council and it has already demonstrated its value by reduc¬
ing conflicts in dates between organizations.
In addition to these functions, the Council maintains an
up-to-date minute list of the entire Jewish Community;
brings the presidents of different organizations together reg¬
ularly to discuss mutual problems and, in general, functions
as the service organization for the Jewish Community. Per¬
haps this last can sum up the Council’s program. ... It is
essentially a service organization created BY the Jews of
Jacksonville FOR any community-wide programs of benefit
TO the Jews of Jacksonville.
97
