The Jewish Welfare Society is the family and children’s case
work agency of the Jewish community. Affiliated with the Com¬
munity Chest-United Fund, the local program is almost entirely
supported by your contributions to the Chest. One of its programs,
the re-settlement of New Americans, is financed by funds that you
contribute through the Jewish Community Council.
Its program can be broken into 6 overlapping categories:
1. Family Consultation and Case Work
2. Child Placement and Work With Unmarried Mothers
3. Applications to River Garden Hebrew Home and Follow Up
Case Work
4. New Americans, Naturalization, Immigration
5. Transients
6. Prison Program
The heart of the agency’s program is the family consultation
and case work program. Two outstanding aspects of this program in
the past year were the retainment of Dr. Merton Ekwall as psychi¬
atric consultant to the director and a marked increase in the num¬
ber of local people seeking family counseling services. In 1954,
there were 87 new local requests. In 1955, it jumped to 129, with
the trend continuing up.
Nine out of ten local requests were for counseling, planning
and other services that do not involve direct outlay of funds. This
percentage remained about the same as in previous years. They
involved problems of marital difficulty, conflicts between parents and
children, mental illness, physical illness or handicapped, educational
difficulties, economic problems, problems that sometimes develop
with the aged and many other varied and complex problems.
LAWRENCE RACKOW
For its counseling service, the agency has a sliding fee schedule, according to one’s ability to pay. As a community program, this
service is available to all Jewish residents and no one is turned away because of their inability to pay.
In 1955, the agency worked with three unmarried mothers and placed two children for adoption. It also received temporary
custody of and placed one child in a treatment center. It is difficult to predict how active this program will be but apparently the child
placement service is definitely established.
Although it has been necessary to cut back its services to the residents of the River Garden Hebrew Home to a referral basis, the
Society maintained its close collaboration with the Home, interviewing the applicants to help them determine the best plans for them
and to help work out financial arrangements with the Home. The Society looks forward to working with the Home on a day care pro¬
gram which hopefully will begin after the building program is completed.
The New American program, which is financed by the Jewish Community Council, re-settled two families in 1955. Almost all of the
families brought over are now citizens. Some New and Old Americans are being assisted in helping their relatives work out sound
migration plans. About 20 families were helped to fill in the forms, questionnaires and affidavits in their restitution claims for Nazi
persecution.
The agency also continued the work with the transients and the Jewish prisoners at Raiford.
The agency re-instituted its quarterly educational meetings, focusing its interest on mental health and parent-child relations. It
continued cooperating with various schools on their undergraduate program and with the Florida State University in supervising the field
placement of a graduate student.
Council of Jewish Women
OFFICERS
President Mrs. J. L. Mack, Jr.
Vice Presidents Mrs. David Meyerhardt
Mrs. Lionel Gaines
Mrs. David Gradman
Rec. Sec Mrs. Lawrence Rackow
Con. Sec Mrs. Bennett Flirsh
Treasurer Mrs. Raphael Klepper
Auditor Mrs. Leonard Cohn
MRS. J. L. MACK, JR.
The National Council of Jewish Women was organized in 1863 and is one of America’s oldest Women’s organizations. There are
245 Sections with over 110,000 members.
Council is dedicated to the full achievement of the democratic way of life. It’s purpose is “to bring about a closer fellowship among
Jewish women, to further united efforts in behalf of Judasim. to foster a program devoted to social welfare, community affairs, educa¬
tion and international understanding for peace.”
Council’s overseas projects are 3 fold: the support of the School of Education of Hebrew University in Jerusalem, maintenance of
graduate scholarships to students from Israel and European countries for study in American Universities, shipments of clothing, play and
study material to Jewish orphanages in the Middle East.
In Jacksonville Council continues to serve the Community thru such projects as our Medical Loan Shelf, Golden Age Club, Sewing
Group, weekly recreational program for children at the Children’s Home Society, the gathering of Books for the High School Libraries in
Jacksonville, so that they will be fully accedited.
This year under our Social Legislation Comm, we offered the citizens of Jacksonville a most outstanding civic event. In November
we were pleased to present our 2 State Senators, Spessard Holland, and George Smathers as guest speakers. This was the first time the 2
Senators had appeared on a joint platform in our community. The senators were introduced by our Governor LeRoy Collins.
Our meetings are held on the 2nd Monday of every month Oct. thru May and we extend a cordial invitation to every Jewish
woman in Jacksonville to join and participate in our program.
101
