R iver Garden
rew
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
3rd Vice-President
4th Vice-President
5th Vice-President
Treasurer
Secretary
Dr. Sam Witten
Irving Klepper
Albert Stein
_. Ben Yoffee
Mrs. Ike Witten
Dr. Irvin Schneider
Ira Stein
Arthur Gutman
Vice-Chairman of the Admissions Committee
Robert Myers and Joe Becker
DR. SAM WITTEN
This year marks the end of a decade of service to the aged and infirm
Jewish people of Florida. Starting in 1946 with a remodeled mansion housing
12 people, the Home has added to its facilities whereby it now serves 50
residents. During this period of time, over 150 persons have found a haven
at River Garden. This gave their families the security that their loved ones
were well taken care of, in a comfortable setting which emphasized the
positive aspects of Jewish living.
The outstanding feature of the past year was the beginning of the new
addition to the Home in November, 1955. The two story modern structure
will be completed in the Fall of this year. It will be a most welcome im¬
provement to the Home because it not only will relieve overcrowded conditions
but will be able to accommodate many people waiting to enter.
The new building will especially answer a most pressing need for spec¬
ialized health service to an increasing number of infirm aged. Adequate
nursing facilities are provided for in the new Health Center as well as the
most modern infirmary equipment.
Thus the services and program of the Home will become more adequate
and fruitful in a setting especially designed to meet the health problems of
an aging population.
The fear and dread of living in a Home for the Aged, so common a
few years ago, have largely been dispelled by the demonstrated services of
River Garden. It has been adequately proven that life in the latter years can
be a happy and satisfyiing one in a Home designed to meet the needs of each
individual.
Installation of Officers at Tenth Anniversary
Seated L. to R. Ira Stein, Dr. Sam Witten, Harry Gendzier
Standing: Miss Lily Volotin, Sidney Entman, Director,
and Mrs. Ike Witten
Ladies Lfebrew Sheltering Aid Society
It is a great privilege for us to bring greetings to the many members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
As River Garden celebrated its tenth anniversary recently, so did we complete ten years of active service
to this institution.
As an auxiliary we have always accepted the responsibility of providing the Home with the many
special needs that could not be met through their regular operating budget. We sponsor the annual
linen shower whereby all necessary linens for the operation of River Garden are provided. Also is our
desire to meet the great needs for an active Hobby Shop. We render services for Friendly Visitors, personal
shopping and transportation for the residents. We mark all holidays with appropriate programs and
gift giving.
The financing of our many projects has been made possible through the wonderful cooperation of our
fund raising committees and consist of Social Printing project, the annual Donors fund, Tombola Bazaar,
both in and out of the city, as well as annual dues. rJThis year all monies collected will go toward the
installation of the completely new kitchens as well as additional equipment for the new Infirmary so
urgently needed.
Officers are:
President Mrs. Ike Witten
1st Vice-President Mrs. Sam Siegel
2nd Vice-President Mrs. Frank Diamond
3rd Vice-President Mrs. Sam Greenburg
Recording Secretary Mrs. Jack Dreher
Financial Secretary Mrs. Louis Witten
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Sam Lazarus
Treasurer, Dues and General Mrs. I. Zaslow
Treasurer, Projects and Special Mrs. Lou Feigenbaum MRS. IKE WITTEN
♦
99
