Zionist Organisation of America
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
President Cantor A. Marton
First Vice-President David Gradman
Second Vice-President Harry Libby
Treasurer - Louis Moss
Secretary Mrs. Leo Meizlik
Membership Chairman David Moss
Education and Program Chairman Jack Becker
Chm. Executive Committee Max Rubin
Chm. American Zionist Council Nathan Newman
CANTOR A. MARTON
The Jacksonville Zionist District began its activities of education and public service with the installation of the newly elected officers
by Seymour B. Liebman, President South Eastern region of Z.O.A. functioning as installing officer. That public meeting heard the first
report of our President’s trip to the State of Israel. Cantor Marton was also called upon to lecture on his trip by Hadassah and several
other civic organizations in the city.
On education and public relations, the district sponsored several educational meetings highlighting a lecture “On the Middle East
Today” by Dr. Paul L. Hanna, Professor of History and Social Sciences, University of Florida and Dr. Charles R. Eisenhart, Dean, Jack¬
sonville Junior College.
A most gratifying J. N. F. annual meeting was held on January 23rd with Rabbi Abraham I. Rosenberg of Savannah, Ga. as guest
speaker. The District owes its gratitude to our veteran Zionist Jack Becker for a splendid job on behalf of J. N. F. A. Tu B’Shevat
musical program was offered by the Center Glee Club.
The District also received special recognition for the part played in the sale of Israel Bonds.
The life of an organization to a great degree is its membership and in this phase the Jacksonville Zionist District marks one of the
most successful attainments in recent years, due to the devoted service of David Moss, Chairman and his diligent committee. Two of our
board members, namely, David Moss were recognized by a National citation of honor on April 20th at which time our community observed
the Eighth anniversary of the State of Israel, and Max Rubin was honored by an inscription in the Golden Book of J. N. F. for his con¬
secrated service in the cause of Zion.
The present crisis in Israel requires even a greater effort on the part of American Jewry and the Jacksonville Zionist District looks
forward with anticipation to be of service to our community and our brethren in the State of Israel.
Young Judaea
OFFICERS AND LEADERS:
City Director Mrs. Irving Brukner
Youth Commission Chairman, under
direction of Hadassah & Z.O.A.: Mrs. Herman Klausner
CLUB: PRESIDENT LEADER
Maccabbee Ivan Diamond Rabbi J. Sodden
Estherette Karen Armel Goldye Naftulin
Zionist Youth Girls Adrienne Perlman
Shofarim Joseph Borkson Mrs. H. Kolitz
Co-Leaders:
Sybil Horovitz
Harriet Naftulin
Zionette Penny Bromberg Susan Margolin
Israel-ites Barbara Biller Ruby Berk
Co-Leader:
Adrienne Perlman
Junior and Senior Judaea offer a well-rounded program to the youth of this city by carrying through their Jewish living program,
group activities, American affairs, and Israeli and Zionism studies. This is done through meetings, special events, city-wide affairs and
individual activities.
Scheduled last year was the Judaean Sabbath Service at the Jax Jewish Center on Friday, November 25th at which time each club
president participated in the Service, Israeli dancing followed in the auditorium, and the parents of members were hosts to the congre¬
gation. On January 26th Young Judaea presented their annual Parents Night; the Estherette Club presented the Cantata “What is Torah,”
Israeli dancing and dramatics by the Seniors, and the how, why and what of Judaea were presented by the Juniors through panels,
playlets, and TV programs. On February 12th the annual Israeli Fair was held in the River Garden Home with its usual fun and success,
the profits being contributed to the Tsofim fund in Israel. Concluding the year was the Bikkurim Festival at which time parents hon¬
ored the members with a Banquet, prizes and scholarships were awarded and Graduation of Juniors into Seniors was presented, as well
as a nice program. Six scholarships were awarded to Seniors to go to Tel Yehudah, the national Camp of Young Judaea in Barryville,
New York.
Special Senior activities consisted of several Oneg Shabbats held at Etz Hayim, River Garden as well as private homes. Also, Chugim
(discussion) Groups under the direction of Mrs. H. Klausner were held monthly to study the early beginnings of Zionism through present
day Israel, and its relationship to the American Jew of today. During the year a Senior Council was formed, with representatives of each
Senior Club planning their year’s activities, with Sybil Horovitz as President. Many members attended the Senior Conclave held in Day¬
tona Beach in December and returned the winners of the Israeli Dance Trophy for the 3rd time, also basketball champions of the Region.
Junior Clubs have been holding meetings every other Sunday afternoon in the Jacksonville Jewish Center; their meetings consist of
holiday celebrations, projects in arts & crafts, singing or dancing, as well as having their own social events and picnics. Purim was cele¬
brated with all Juniors costumed in characters from the Megillah, playing Bingo with prizes, and group singing. An outstanding event
was the Zionette Club participation in a Tu B’Shvat program at which time they visited the Baptist Children’s Home and planted trees,
explaining the meaning of the holiday. In turn, the Baptist children offered them the hospitality of refreshments and dancing.
Young Judaea conducts an outstanding camping program to the youth of the South. Camp Judaea was held for 10-12 yr. old boys
and girls this year in Camp Blue Star, Hendersonville, N. C. from June 10th-24th. About 80 children from various points in the South
attended, and an excellent program was carried through under the direction of capable leaders. Plans are now being made for a longer
period next year.
103
