5
Jacksonville Chapter, Senior Hadassah
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz
Vice-Presidents Mrs. Seymour Burns
Mrs. Henry Cristol
Mrs. Aaron Kovner
Mrs. Dan Dubbins
Treasurer Mrs. Leon Chamison
Recording Secretary Mrs. Herbert Feinberg
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Financial Secretary Mrs. AI Schneider
MRS. ISADORE MOSCOVITZ
President
The Jacksonville Chapter of Senior Hadassah is com¬
posed of approximately 750 Jewish women who meet
monthly to serve together in the ranks of the American
Zionist movement. Meeting in the afternoon on the second
Tuesday of each month, or in the evening with the Hannah
Senesch Group on the second Monday, Hadassah’s members
join in efforts to affect the National Hadassah program of
health and vocational education services to Israel: and the
dedication of our local Jewish women to active participation
in the life and expression of community and American
affairs.
The story of Hadassah is the tale of a group of women
who were instrumental in sending two American trained
nurses to Jerusalem in 1913 to ease the high mortality rate,
and who remained to develop a great health program, not
only to save the mother and the newborn child from pain¬
ful death, but also to build education and health facilities;
to rear the infant into healthy childhood and productive
adulthood.
Jacksonville's Hadassah membership joins with 300,000
Jewish women throughout the country to maintain seven
hospitals, a school of nursing, the Hebrew University-
Hadassah Medical School, the New Hadassah-Hebrew Uni¬
versity Medical Center, Youth Aliyah training farms, and
general youth medical services emanating from the Jerusalem
child health centers, together with a network of vocational
education facilities which range from printing to hotel
management and fashion design.
Today Hadassah’s experiment is preventive and com¬
munity medicine at Bet Mazmil encompasses the entire
family unit, and promises to serve as a pattern for health
programs for the world’s progressive governments. The
Hadassah woman in Jacksonville is aware that through her
active participation in her chapter activities she is sharing
in this historic movement.
The Hadassah motto, “The Healing of My People,”
serves to remind that the healer is made well even as the
bedridden and diseased are restored. By working through
established civic organizations, and through the Hadassah
education program, the Hadassah woman joins in molding
a healthy community here.
Together with Z.O.A. Hadassah supports the Jewish
National Fund for the rehabilitation of the land of Israel
and Zionist Youth Work through Young Judaean Clubs.
The projects are carried out through individual con¬
tributions, and through fund earning events. Highlights
of the coming year will be the opening Brunch to be held
in the Jewish Center on October 9, the Membership Tea,
an event of November 1 3 and the annual Hadassah Show
on February 16th. The year will also include a “Dollars for
Linen” shower for Hadassah-Hospital Supplies; and the
Fund-earners Luncheon in the early spring which will honor
Hadassah Donors.
Organization membership is open to all Jewish women.
Hannah Senesch Evening Group
OLFICERS
President Mrs. Harry Glenn
Vice-President Mrs. Henry Steinfeld
Treasurer Miss Frances Zimmerman
Recording Secretary Mrs. Leonard Saraga
Corresponding Secretary Miss Lottie Salzman
Financial Secretary Mrs. David Benwick
MRS. HARRY GLENN
