B’NAI B’RITH
OFFICERS Trustees
President
President-Elect
1st Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Einancial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Chaplain
Warden
...Lionel L. Gaines
Bert Whitfield
Norman Freedman
I. Scotty Witten
Ben Cohen
Joseph Schwarz
Eli Leff
Hyman Selber
Shustis David
Donald Zell
Sidney Brown
Morton Hirschberg
Martin Lind
Arnold Mayer
Hyman Selber
Morris Witten
SERVICE* Our 250 members present this one word as our creed and with 400,000 members comprising
the national membership are serving our country and jewish causes.
DID YOU KNOW?
WE HELPED 1. With our BB women to equip an electrio-cardiagram room at our Jax Baptist Memorial
Hospital.
2.Thru the ADL, with other Florida BB Lodges, have a law passed in our State of
Florida stopping anti-discrimination in Hotel and Motel Signs and advertising.
3. Veterans re habilitation work at Lake City Veterans Hospital.
4. Over 25 Christian Churches in Jacksonville receive Jewish films and kits explaining
our customs and religious facts.
5. Take underprivileged children out to the ball game at the Jax Braves ball park and
supplied hot dogs and drinks.
6. From our local funds we loan money to local Jewish students for a college education
thereby helping them to professions.
7. Our local youth in their BBYO work.
8. University of Florida Hillel Foundation.
9. Thru our local membership give time and money for our Jax Jewish Community Council
for all National and Charitable projects and avoid duplication and expense.
On the National Level
10. We gave numerical voice and strength to our International President Phillip Klutznick
to demand of the Morrocan Govt, that they release the eleven thousand Jews who were
ready to leave Morroco for Palestine, and that our Foreign Office and the Israel Govern¬
ment were most grateful for his personal trip to Casablanca in behalf of these un¬
fortunate Jews.
11. We are now trying to organize a World Wide group of all Jewish groups to act
together for the majority of jews so that problems like the Morrocan problem can be
handled on an international scale; so that religious persecution and anti-semitism may
some day be eradicated.
12. We will continue in our efforts to make the ADL of B’Nai B’rith stand for justice to
our people all over the world.
A. B. Weil Lodge No. 800 B’NAI B’RITH
LIONEL GAINES
B’NAI B’RITH WOMEN OF JACKSONVILLE
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Joseph Morgan
Vice-Presidents
Mrs. Harold Van Dam Mrs. Minna Geller
Mrs. Louis R. Cohen
Secretaries
Recording Mrs. Murray Shenkman
Corresponding Mrs. A. E. Schubb
Social Mrs. Sam Bryan
Counsellor Mrs. Leonard Helman
Trustees Mrs. Shustis David
Mrs. Ben Rosenfield
MRS. JOSEPH MORGAN
The B’nai B’rith Women is an organization old in years but young in determination. For some years
past the B’nai B’rith Women of Jacksonville have enjoyed working together by servicing mankind today
and planning for a better future tomorrow.
Towards this goal we poiint with pride to an enviable record. Locally we have completed our pledge
to furnish an electrocardiagram room at the new Baptist Hospital. We have sponsored birthday parties
for the retarded children at The Pine Castle Home, and have participated in the local sales of T. B. seals.
B’nai B’rith Women of Jacksonville have also taken an active part in the fund-raising campaigns for
Cerebral Palsy, Muscular Distrophy as well as for the Heart-Fund.
These efforts have not, however, detracted from the fulfillment of our national and international goals.
Through our B’nai B’rith program we have continued to support our “National Jewish Hospital’’, for the
tubercular, in Denver; our “Leo N. Levi Hospital”, for arthritics, at Hot Springs; our “Bellefaire Childrens
Home”, in Cleveland, and our “Childrens Home”, in Israel.
Our 206 Hillel Foundations and Counselorships provide a “Home away from Home”, for our Jewish
youth on the college campus, extending to the Hebrew University in Israel. To inculcate the highest
principles for moral, ethical and healthful living the B’nai B’rith youth organizations maintain a splendid
program for our youth.
We believe that Jewry has a vital contribution to make to the democratic way of life in America,
and through our Anti-Defamation League we hope to be a potent force for the good.
In Israel we have established the Henry Monsky and the Alfred M. Cohen colonies, the Bogen-
Rubinow and Lapidus Forests and, more recently, the B’nai B’rith Martyrs Forest. In a joyful spirit of
friendship and accomplishment we can achieve a two-fold purpose, service to those in need and a strong,
active membership.
COMPLIMENTS OF
POWELL'S LITTLE FOLKS STORE
524 HOGAN ST.
PHONE EL 6-1276
POWELL'S KIDDIE
KORHER
1001 PARK ST. 5 POINT PARK & POST
PHONE EL5-5966
JACKSONVILLE’S OLDEST JUVENILE TOY &
W. H. POWELL, SR.
FURNITURE STORE
W. H. POWELL, JR.
107
