A.Z.A. (Gator Chapter 272)
OFFICERS
Aleph Godol, President
Aleph Sagan, Vice-President
Aleph Mazkir, Secretary
Aleph Gizbor, Treasurer
Aleph Shotare Godol, Sgt.-at-Arms
Aleph Shotare Ratone, Asst. Sgt
Aleph Sopher, Scribe
Aleph Kohen Godol, Chaplain
Aleph Moreh, Pledge Master..
Sweetheart of A.Z.A
Advisor
B.B.Y.O. Chairman
Ivan Diamond
..... Jerry Rothstein
Jack Selevan
.Larry Cohen
_ Sam Sutton
Stephen Freedman
.... Bruce Sanders
Victor Schneider
Arthur Goldstein
Geraldine Mack
Norman H. Freedman
David Weinstein
IVAN DIAMOND
As this report is written three delegates of A.Z.A. are attending the annual conclave at Camp Blue Star; Ivan Diamond, Larry Cohen
and Victor Schneider. This past year a highly successful North Florida Council Convention was held at the Jewish Center. Over 100
members of B’nai B’rith youth organizations were in attendance.
The present membership consists of 20 paid-up members. At a recent pledge stag barbecue held at JCA, an additional 10 potential
members expressed an earnest desire to participate in the A.Z.A. program which briefly consists of a five-fold program encompassing
religious, cultural, social, athletic and community service activities. Newly elected officers were installed with parents and friends in
attendance.
Guest speakers at A.Z.A. functions this past year consisted of Rabbi Tofield, Ben Stark, Lawrence Rackow, Dawson Oppenheimer,
A1 Datz, Larry Glick and many others whose inspirational words and generous gifts of time are sincerely appreciated.
The youth organization of B’nai B’rith, A.Z.A. welcomes you to join us this fall; meetings are Tuesday evenings at the Center and
a very full program is planned in which all interested parties are invited to participate.
B’nai B’rith Girls (Gator Chapter 398)
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary ....
Treasurer
Parliamentarian
MIT Mother
Junior Advisor
Advisor ^
Heart throb
Lois Feinstein
Sheila Gottlieb
Raila Michelson
Barbara Moskovitz
Susan Tuckman
Brenda Bartley
Sara Husney
Freida Horovitz
Miss Sandra Rosenfield
Mrs. Sara Freidman
* Joe Isaacs
LOIS FEINSTEIN
The B’nai B’rith Girls had a very successful year. The seven-fold program of B.B.G. was carried out. The chapter enjoyed many
informative programs during the year. As community service projects, the girls made monthly visits to the Juvenile Shelter, bringing old
clothes and making a tour of the entire shelter.
The last Sunday of each month the girls went to River Garden Home for the Aged, they entertained the old folks, served refresh¬
ments and gave prizes.
A visit to Hope Haven was made. The girls entertained in the wards and gave out books.
The girls enjoyed a lovely party at the home of their heart throb, Joe Isaacs, during the year. A New Year’s party was given at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center so that the teen-agers would have a place to go. A large group attended and had a wonderful time.
The highlight of the year was the North Florida Council convention that was held in Jacksonville in April. The convention proved
a great success, thanks to tne members of both B.B.G. and their brother chapter, A.Z.A.
Towards the end of the season, the girls sponsored a raffle in order to send delegates and alternates to District Convention held at
Camp Blue Star in Hendersonville, North Carolina. Four girls attended from the chapter. Delegates were Lois Feinstein, Susan Tuckman.
Alternates—Brenda Bartley and Marilyn Marks.
Compliments of JOE BLOOM
ATLANTIC HOME IMPROVEMENTS CO.
1611 San Marco Blvd. FL 9-9436
GARRICK'S AUTO SERVICE
210 E. FORSYTH ST. EL 6-0789
SLOAT EQUIPMENT
248 RIVERSIDE EL 6-1383
EXCLUSIVE REWEAVING
MARY HIGHSMITH
506 PEARL ST. PHONE EL 6405
109
