ÉÉÉÜ
Admin istra tion
Kenneth Bowden
Comptroller
Anne Stegman, Secy.
Florence Robin, Secy.
Esther Fishier, Secy.
David Weinstein
Administrator
We of the Administration staff would like to take this oppor¬
tunity of extending to Rabbi Goldblum our sincere welcome. In the
short time since the Rabbi has assumed the position, his warm per¬
sonality and sincere guidance have given us greater impetus in the
administrative work of the Center.
We would like to take this opportunity of extending to the offi¬
cers and lay leaders of the congregation and our fellow staff mem¬
bers best wishes for a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
As one of the outstanding Synagogue-Centers in the Southeast,
we offer to our community a unique program covering every phase
of religious, educational, social, cultural and athletic programming.
In brief summary we are outlining our principal activities which
are described in pictures and words throughout our entire Year Book.
Maintenance Staff
SCOPE OF ACTIVITIES
Religious Services—Traditional prayer services are held daily,
morning and evening in the Chapel.
Friday Family Services, Sabbath and Holiday Services are
observed in the Sanctuary.
Personal Religious Observances—Traditional Jewish customs
are observed in connection with Circumcision, naming of
girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confir¬
mations, Marriages, Conversion to Judaism, Bereavement.
Education—Daily Kindergarten with outstanding program of
secular and religious content.
Hebrew School, carefully graded with intensive Hebrew
content.
Sunday School, with a curriculum including Jewish history
and customs.
Supplementary religious educational training is practiced in
Pre-Jr., Jr. Congregation, youth services and Minyan Club.
Extension Services
Library—outstanding collection of juvenile and adult
Jewish books.
Adult Education—courses on religious and Jewish cul¬
tural subjects.
Music—a program of religious and cultural Jewish
music.
Sisterhood and Men’s Club render valuable service to the
Center.
Social Activities provided by Mr. and Mrs. Club, Amity
Club and "32 Club.”
Youth Activities
United Synagogue Youth. Various age levels are served
by Center Youth League, Charles Palot Club, Major’s Pre-
Teens, Tween-Agers.
Scouting.
Athletics—programs for youth and adults.
Community Service.
9
