Sisterhood Book and Gift Shop
Gifts for your "Jewish Home
Beautiful” and for all religious
occasions may be purchased
from the Book and Gift Shop
at the Center under the auspices
of the Center Sisterhood.
Sisterhood also sponsors the
sale of Barton’s Candy. Orders
may be placed with Mrs. Harry
Yoffee, 733-0171, or Mrs. Jack
Shorstein, 733-2076.
A Sisterhood Book and Gift
Shop Showcase in the Lobby of
the Activities Building with the
Chairmen, Mrs. I. Gartner and
Mrs. Ben Edwards.
Orders may be placed by call¬
ing Mrs. Gartner, FL 9-7841,
or Mrs. Edwards, 733-0391.
A SISTERHOOD TRIBUTE
by One of Our Devoted Sisterhood Members
The Center was built in ’27,
At 3rd & Silver ... a new bit of heaven.
On Rabbi Benjamin, the founder, we could dote,
And Cantor Edgar sang in a sweet note.
The good ladies promised all their support,
They worked very hard, and were always 'dort.’
But even tho promises often flee like the bird,
These were the ladies that kept their word.
They organized dances & rummage sales,
To pay our expenses, they made money in bales.
They even made a party on the block,
And saved all the profits down deep in their sock.
A new auxiliary was formed,
Daughters of Israel was its name.
It was later changed to Sisterhood,
But the purpose always remained the same.
The mortgage was big,
The income was small.
So they really had to dig.
To get us out of the hole.
It was a great struggle
And for the men’s help we yearned.
But the debts were paid off,
And the mortgage was burned.
As time went on, the auditorium got too small,
A new building was built . . . with a social hall,
Did we forget the youth . . . not at all,
We even built them a place for basketball.
Of its beautification, Sisterhood took great care,
With its many projects, it did more than its share.
They ran a bazaar, a luncheon and a Donor,
They raised enough money, to furnish from corner to corner.
They decorated the pulpit . . .
’Tis a beautiful sight
And they place flowers upon it
On Holidays and Friday night.
After services, in the auditorium they meet,
And with a "Good Shabus,” they one another greet,
The children come in too, for the bounteous fare,
Sisterhood just seems to be everywhere.
They stock the library with all sorts of books of knowledge
Where our boys and girls do some studying for college.
They give gifts and prizes for confirmation
And always remember the graduation.
In summertime the day camp is very much fun
In Jewish living and learning — much is done
Sisterhood funds then send them to a convention,
Where they learn about Israel more than we can mention.
For each holiday, the Sisterhood is there . . .
Goodies for the children to prepare
Chanukah they provide them with dredlech
They play games — the boys and the medlach
On Chamishoh Osor B’Shvat they give them to boot
Products of the Holy Land — mostly fruit
And each child is privileged for a small fee
To plant in Israel, a beautiful tree.
Purim with groggers they make much noise
The wonderful combination of medlach and boys
They sing a solo:
"Yarzeit Nach Haman’s Mapoloh”
Then follows the big celebration
Queen Esther is chosen at the coronation
And soon comes Pesach with the Seders
With the traditional foods that Sisterhood caters
On Shevous all the children are invited
To attend the solemn confirmation
Then with punch and cookies they are delighted
Followed by wishes for an enjoyable vacation
To the closing luncheon it is decided
That the Center president should be invited
They present him with a green paper in the Center s honor
With a "1” and three zeros in each corner.
Succoth the men build a Succah fine.
And for Kiddush the ladies bring wine.
They decorate the Succah with flowers and fruit
God bless the hands of Sisterhood.
Even on Simchas Torah, Sisterhoods work does not lag—
They encourage the Children to follow the Torah with a flag.
By Mrs. Rose Sloat
37
