Nathan Schneider
Religious Education
We are pleased to report the following progress in
our Religious Education Department:
Hebrew School Enrollment — 158 boys, 78 girls,
total 236.
One of the main goals of this department has been
accomplished in the implementation of an intensive
and extensive graded school. With an expanded full
time staff we have been able to increase the number of
classes which now serve pupils ranging from 7 yrs. to
Post Confirmation. One of the major innovations is
our supper program which presents an opportunity of
acquainting our pupils with an additional facet of
Jewish ritual and ceremony.
Ted Gross
As an innovation this year Hebrew graduation has been changed
from Hanukah to the close of Passover, Three groups were gradu-
Sunday School Enrollment—292 boys, 342 girls, total 634.
The growth of our entire school is reflected in this department.
There is also better grading which necessitates a total of 29 classes,
Kindergarten — Enrollment: 41 boys, 29 girls, total 70.
We have an outstanding Kindergarten consisting of four classes,
Transportation
Constant planning under a special sub-committee has made pos¬
sible the servicing of all our membership even in the far outlying
Extra-Curricular Activities
Especially successful this past year has been the Sat. morning
Jr. and Pre-Jr. Congregation and Sunday morning Minyan Club.
Under the capable direction of Mrs. Philip Selber and Mrs. Bernard
Glossman, our Library facilities are used both for educational pur-
ated this year, two from the elementary department and one from
the advanced.
with a staff of 35.
Kindergarten—Enrollment: 41 boys, 29 girls, total 70.
which gives the pupils a fine play school in a Jewish environment.
districts. Efficient scheduling makes possible a minimum of riding
time for our pupils.
poses as well as a supervised study hall. Special note can be made of
the following classes which enrich our regular program: high
school Talmud class, course in Shulhan Arukh, arts and crafts, Sun¬
day morning song assemblies, and special classes in synagogue skills.
Mrs. Sidney Polster
Secretary
Thanks are due the Education
Comm, and its Chairman, Dr.
Nathan Schneider; the Men’s Club
and Religious Chairman, Henry
Lasris; Sisterhood Religious Chair¬
man, Mrs. Selwyn Savage; Kin¬
dergarten Mothers’ Committee and
Chairman, Mrs. Morris Berkowitz;
and the many parents who have
served on committees. To all these
a hearty "Yasher Koah”.
Hebrew School Faculty: David Weinstein, Leon Zuckler, Mrs. Zucker,
Cantor A. Martin, Ted Gross
As it is written in Scriptures "When all thy children shall be taught of the Lord, great shall be the peace of thy children.
a
67
