Boy Scout Troop 14
DR. HARRY YERGIN
Scoutmaster
Scoutmaster . Dr. Harry Yergin
Asst. Scoutmasters .Nathan Weiss, Milton Berman and George Glossman
Chairman, Scout Comm Norman Moss
Scout Committee Harry Kolitz, Joe Mizrahi, Robert Fischer, Joseph P. Safer, Dr. Melvin
Néwman, Bernie Moskovitz, David Safer, Louis Slott* Dr. Harold Baker, Shelby Trager
day hike to Camp Blanding and two weeks at Camp Echokotee
where outstanding records were earned.
The joint Cub and Boy Scout Banquet was an outstanding
event of the year. Dr. Harry Yergin’s devoted leadership as Scout¬
master was recognized by presentation of a gift on behalf of the
parents. Presentation of the Troop charter of Ted Freedman took
place and the camping award certificate for outstanding camping
for 1960-61 was presented. Leon Yergin received the Bernard
Glossman Award for Scouting. A highlight of the evening was the
presentation of the President Eisenhower Award for achievement
and advancement with a congratulatory letter to the Troop, which
was one of three to receive this distinction in the Mohawk District.
Troop 14 can be truly proud of its activities and welcomes
boys of 11 years and over to join its ranks.
101
An outstanding record of accomplishment was attained this
year by Boy Scout Troop 14. Within the past two years a proud
record of 30 Ner Tamid award winners was achieved and the
troop was twice cited for the attainment of 98 merit badges.
Eagle Scout status was reached by Leon Yergin, Charles Moskovitz,
Michael Safer, David Steinfeld, Stephan Kolitz, Eddie Mizrahi and
Frank Moss which brings the total number of Eagle Scouts in our
Troop to 30. A first prize blue ribbon for camping and cooking
was received at the Annual Scout Exposition.
The following personal honors were awarded: Order of the
Arrow to Leon Yergin and Frank Moss, third Palm on Eagle rank
to Bruce Yergin, first Palm on Eagle rank to Stephan Kolitz.
Among the outstanding activities was the opening three day
Camporee in the fall at Ross Allen’s in Silver Springs, the three
