— Mazel Tov & Memories —
a special section to honor
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Director of Education and Youth
for twenty years of devoted service to the families of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Rabbi Dov Kentof is a modest, gracious man who
is quick to praise the achievements of others. He is a
man more of action than of words, yet his stories are
filled with insight. It is fitting at this milestone in his
life, and ours, that we reflect on
his achievements and give some
insights into the story of his life.
Rabbi Kentof was bom in
Tel Aviv at the time when Israel
was struggling for statehood. At
age 18, Dov served his country
in the Navy. He attended
college at Hebrew University,
in Israel, where he received a
bachelor’s degree in history and
a master’s degree in education.
When he came to the United
States in 1960, Dov enrolled in
rabbinical school, and was
ordained in 1973. His loving
wife Alina is his soulmate,
mentor, colleague and friend.
Their son, Gil, is a licensed
chiropractor and owner of Back
Pain Chiropractic Center in
Franklin, Tennessee. Daughter
Tali Whitely is a 6th grade
teacher, wife and mother of five
year old Zachary, in Tampa,
Florida.
Among his talents, Rabbi
Kentof is the author of Games
for Keeps, published by the Central Agency of Jewish
Education. He is an expert camper, who has created
unique bonding and Jewish-identity experiences for
youth and families in many different outdoor settings.
His whitewater rafting trips on the Nolichucky River in
North Carolina, for groups of 40-50 children and adults,
have become legendary. A wonderful tour guide, Dov
spent six consecutive summers leading USY groups to
Israel, conducted two teen pilgrimages to Israel and
Poland as well as several group tours. He is a harmonica
virtuoso, a great cook and a prolific photographer.
Rabbi Kentof has a passion for working with young
people. It is his greatest love and his greatest gift. It
shows in everything he does, and it is returned by the
youth whose lives are fired-up by his involvement.
Over the past 20 years,
thousands of children of our
congregation, and throughout
the Southeast, have flourished
Jewishly through Rabbi Dov
Kentof’s innovative programs,
unique educational style and
genuine concern for the
individual. He has drawn in the
fringes of our community like
the corners of his own talit,
instilling a sense of belonging. He
has reached out to those in need,
giving hope and encouragement.
He has demonstrated his love of
Torah in all he does.
A natural leader, Rabbi
Kentof has an uncanny ability to
bring people together to plan and
work on projects of epic
proportions that always succeed
beyond expectation.His large
scale presentations of Noah’s Ark,
Fantasy Flights to Israel, The
World of Our Grandparents, to
name a few, have captured the
hearts and imaginations of
children and adults alike, and
have garnered for the Center numerous awards for
excellence. Among them has been the coveted Solomon
Schechter Award for Family Programming given by the
United Synagogue of America.
Perhaps Rabbi Kentof’s greatest achievements are
the many lifelong bonds he has made with children and
adults. The following pages capture priceless moments
and heartfelt expressions of gratitude and affection from
the many people he has touched with his warm smile,
patient understanding and unflagging loyalty.
“A hundred years from now ... it
will not matter what your banH account
was, the sort of house you lived in, or
the Hind of car you drove ... but the
world will be a better place because you
were important in the life of a child."
— Guardian Ad Litem creed,
quoted by Arlene Friedman
3
