In Honor Of
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Feeling Was Always First
by Tali Kentof Whitely
"5ince feeling Is first, those who pay attention to the syntax of things will never
wholly hiss you." This is the lesson I learned from E.C. Cummings after studying his
poetry in one of my college English courses. But I learned it earlier, much earlier,
from my father.
At the pond, my first memory of us together, sitting at the banh of the water,
summer sun all around us, the ducks begged for bread at our feet. You can't feed
them all was the syntax of things. But feed them. The lesson my father taught me.
My tenth birthday and he was away at Busch Cardens on a Kadima trip. He missed
my party, but crept into my room past midnight, careful not to wake me. He'd
bought me a teddy bear, tucked it between my arms, as I pretended to sleep.
Feeling was first.
The trophy I wanted to bring home after my piano competition in 1986, the one
where I played Beethoven's Pathetique. I came home with tears instead and he
bought me my own trophy, called me a winner, anyway. Since feeling was first.
"What? You want to major in Creative Writing? What will you do with that? Ah—
okay, okay, just do it. Do something. Do what you love." Feeling was first.
At my son's bris, "May Cod bless him and keep him. May Cod shine his light upon
him." Here, the syntax mattered, I know. But feeling was still first.
Even last month, when I came home for Passover, my father gave me a copy of
one of his favorite books, "Don't Sweat the Small Stuff." Because feeling is first.
My father lives a life of significance because of his philosophy. While others are
scavenging for power and money and their personal positions in life, my father is
camping in the mountains, listening to the stars, and feeding souls with his wis¬
dom. My father has touched and influenced more people than he will ever know.
And in turn, they will touch and influence people. He is a modern-day, Jewish Thoreau.
In the end, this is all that matters really, ho one will remember what you said last
Tuesday at the meeting, if you bought your suit at Meiman Marcus, or if you use
Tide instead of the store brand. It's who you are, what you've done, and whom
you've touched with your presence that really matters. And this is what my father
taught me. The mind has a thousand eyes, but the heart just one.
for 20 years of devotion to the youth of our congregation
