A Message from Rabbi Gaffney
Rosh Hashanah and the New Millenium
By my calculation, as I write this
message, there are 189 days left in the
20th century. Imagine, December 31,
1999. A day later we will be entering
the new millenium. One reads
everywhere of plans people are making
to observe this milestone. For example,
many have booked a cruise which will
take them just west of the international
dateline so that they will be the first
people to greet the 21st Century. Others
have purchased expensive tickets for a
concorde flight that will take them
around the world as they want to begin
the new century by experiencing it in
24 different time zones.
No doubt about it. We have
entered a special year which many
people have been anticipating for a long
time. I recall, as we began this decade
in 1990, telling a friend, a rather elderly
person, that in ten years we would be
marking the new millenium. He replied,
rather wistfully, that he was not sure that
he would be around to celebrate this
event. God willing, most of us will be
able to mark our years in two different
centuries. This is indeed a privilege. It
was Einstein who taught us that there is
a space - time dimension. Time is
relative. Sixty minutes on one’s watch
is psychologically longer to the person
waiting by the telephone for the results
of an important medical test and far less
to the person engrossed in relaxing or
vacationing in an idyllic setting. Time
is relative.
The Jewish Theological Seminary
was right on target when it described
how Jews should celebrate the
millenium. The Seminary characterizes
people who are taking cruises to exotic
places and scheduling airline travel to
mark the millenium as people who are
practicing alchemy of the imagination.
Millenium celebrants are turning an
ordinary sunrise, on January 1, 2000
into a moment electric with meaning.
I know ...I know ...you will say an
ordinary sunrise? The daybreak of a new
millenium? Well, yes! Unless you figure
that God is bound to the decimal system.
For God who is eternal no thousand-year
measure is intrinsically divine. No date
on the human calendar is.
Time isn’t handed to us with
significance built in. What we have
instead is a partnership. God gives us
time ...and it is we who give time its
meaning. Marking time would be
irrelevant were it not for the fact that
we shape its character. The eve of
Rabbi David and Inge Gaffney
January 1st of the year 2000, for
example, will occur on a Friday evening.
At the same time that many will flock
to exotic settings, many Jews will be
gathering, with their families, to
celebrate Shabbat with prayers, with
family singing in familiar surroundings
and with loved ones seated around the
festive table. And they will mark the
juncture between the old and the new in
this fashion. This ceremony will not be
a party in recognition of the New Year
...but rather a prayer meal ushering in
the Shabbat which begins at sundown
every Friday and ends after sundown on
Saturdays. We invest time with meaning
when we can say I love you after 20
years ...30 years or 50 years of marriage
despite the hardships and the
difficulties. Time is significant and holy
when a congregation can stand with
reverent silence which is pierced only
by the sound of the Shofar awakening
our conscience. The milestone whose
passages we mark with importance is the
day that we finally get the diploma ...or
that first moment we look into a crib
and see the miracle of new life. These
are moments holy in time.
The prayers we will be offering
on the High Holidays express this
notion. One important sentence found
in the Mahzor is...“vyayda kol pa-ul kee
ata p’alto” ... “when every creature will
know that You created it; when every
living thing will recognize that You
fashioned it”. The prayer states that we
should each look upon ourselves as
God’s creatures? Why? Abraham J.
Heschel, one of this century’s most
significant interpreters of Judaism once
pointed out that in the Jewish view, man
is not man because of what he has in
common with the earth but because of
what he has in common with God. The
Greek thinkers sought to understand
man as part of the universe; the prophets
sought to understand man as a partner
of God. To consider ourselves as God’s
partners is a challenge to continue to
create with God that creature God meant
us to be.
In one of William Stegner’s
novels there is a scene dealing with this
theme. It takes place in a small town in
Vermont where opportunities for young
people are limited. A teacher becomes
interested in a young boy who shows a
great deal of promise. She encourages
him to leave the little town and look
elsewhere for greater educational
opportunities.
“I’d take this chance to go to
college if I were you”, she tells him.
“There won’t be much else we can teach
you around here. You would stay the
same size all your life.”
The risk of staying the same size
all of our lives is as great in Jacksonville
as it is in a sleepy New England town.
And it is not only our minds that must
continue to grow to reach our full God-
given potential. We must mature
emotionally and spiritually as well.
Where our truly human dimensions are
concerned ...the dimension of the mind,
heart and soul -we must not stay the
same size all of our lives.
The year 5760 which will begin
this Rosh Hashanah may have
something more significant to teach us
than the year 2000. Rosh Hashanah and
Yom Kippur teach us that we can make
something of the millenium ...or of any
day if we choose to. That is what we are
here for, isn’t it? Not to wait in hope or
dread, at daybreak on some particular
day, for something or someone to come
from outside and change our lives. Rosh
Hashanah 5760 is here to teach us that
we have the God-given gift to infuse
every day with meaning because time is
ours to fashion and to shape. Rosh
Hashanah 5760 teaches us that we need
not be passive in the face of
uncontrollable forces but it is in our
power to contribute to making each
experience good.
As we begin a New Year and a new
millenium let us resolve to shape these
events, to recognize that we have been
given the gift of time ...and the gift of
life and it is God’s gift to us to infuse
each ordinary day with meaning
...whatever day it is.
As we mark the sacred milestone
of 5760, Inge and I wish all of our
members and friends a year made holy
by human intention. Shana Tovah! 5
