The City That Saved Itself
A city saved itself.
It was marked for destruction
because it was a city of violence.
Yet it was not destroyed
because its people turned from violence.
Nineveh was the city. And Jonah was the prophet
who proclaimed its destruction.
The prophet had to be taught
why the people were spared.
He did not understand at first
why the city was permitted to save itself.
And what Jonah learned about Nineveh
each of us must learn in our life.
Our errors need not be final
Inevitably, we make mistakes.
We cannot be perfect. We are human.
We imagine that the best way to protect ourselves
is to concentrate on ourselves.
We withhold. We pull away. We try to possess.
These are common mistakes.
And often we continue to make them
even though we know they are mistakes.
Yet we also have the power to defeat our mistakes.
We can transform error separating us from others
into a good which brings us together.
At any point in our lives we have the power
to regret a mistake, to learn from it.
Not merely to be sorry but to accept responsibility
for our errors and for the hurt we cause someone else.
We can atone.
And when we do, we can feel as our pain
the pain we have caused others.
We learn that to share pain as to share love
joins us with someone else.
We close the space between man and man.
Certainly, each of us can catalogue
a long list of errors we make.
And these will differ as we are different.
The ancient liturgy includes such a list:
the errors almost all of us must strive to revoke.
Let us consider one of these:
an error which has plagued many generations
and has become increasingly acute in our own time.
The sin we have committed
in lowering our parents and teachers
For many generations we have tended to think of
the Commandment to honor our father and mother
as it concerns only young people and their parents.
But no time limit was set on the Commandment.
And now that science has bestowed on so many
the gift of longevity
we are essentially unprepared for it.
We have to learn how to remain children to our parents
after we ourselves have become fathers and mothers.
We have yet to learn that
to keep the generations of a family together
everyone must be given the opportunity to serve.
To fulfill the deepest need of the aging
we must allow them to give of their wisdom;
to continue to serve, not merely to be served.
And what of our teachers?
Everyone knows we must have the teacher and school
to help us give wisdom and character to our children.
Yet in the midst of our abundance
we turn away from the teachers in whose hands
we have put the development of our children.
In the ways we fail to honor our parents and teachers
we reject the wisdom we need for ourselves.
As we benefit from the gifts of our time
we do not sufficiently remember
that progress consists of more than going forward.
It must also mean going inward.
And when we do this we will remember
that wisdom builds the house
and the teacher is the guardian of the city.
We will remember that each of our errors
properly understood and corrected can lead us
to still richer rewards of wisdom
of love given and love received.
“For the sin we have committed in lowering
our parents and teachers, and for all our
errors, O God who forgives...bear with us,
pardon us, grant us atonement. ”
— From the Prayers for The Day of Atonement
To all our friends, a year of peace and good health, and to children everywhere,
we pledge our efforts to improve the world.
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America
The Seminary is the academic and religious center of the worldwide movement of Conservative Judaism.
Believing that its message for the New Year 5760 is of compelling importance, we have arranged for its publication.
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
AND THE BUSH rtJDTTl
WAS NOT UPK
CONSUMED
4
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
