Cantor Heller’s Message
As we approach Rosh Hashanah
for the year 5760, many of us, myself
included, look expectantly to the dawn
new millennium. Certainly we foresee
this being a once-in-a-lifetime experience
to bring in a new century and, with it, a
host of new hopes, prayers and
aspirations. Despite all this, we don’t
anticipate anything magical or super¬
spectacular is going to happen at
midnight December 31,1999. The most
amazing co-incidence, however, is that
it will occur on a Friday night, which
should remind us as Jews that the special
and significant occasions should be celebrated with family
and in the presence of God. What better forum can there
be other than around a Shabbat Table.
So, as we reach the final Rosh Hashanah and Yom
Kippur of this century, I wish to recall some of the
highlights of the past year, which I will use as a springboard
into the year 2000.
As a teacher, I am proud to have prepared some 29
of our students who affirmed their close ties to Jewish
values and tradition by celebrating their B’nai Mitzvah
on our pulpit this year. Their enthusiasm and diligence
bodes well for the future, as they continue on a path of
Jewish education to eventually take their places as our
leaders of tomorrow. The vibrancy and activity I
experienced in the hallways of the Beit Midrash, the
community Hebrew High School, is a joy to behold. I
was privileged to teach in this forum, comprised of
students from different levels of observance, who were
bound together in the common goal of discovering more
about being Jewish.
My first Cantor’s Concert was a resounding success,
including my choral group from the Solomon Schechter
Day School. Next year, a new and exciting musical
program is planned that will instill in them a love and
understanding of how the Jewish pulse beats in pace with
its music.
Challenges still remain. The
world is changing around us at
lightening speed, pulling us in many
directions. We need to find an anchor.
A factor that remains constant under
these diverse conditions, I believe, is
tradition. Maintaining our Jewish
tradition—laws and customs—and
pursuing its message through
education with continued energy and
commitment, from the youngest child
to the eldest adult, surely is the answer.
To paraphrase the Rosh Chodesh
meditation, life passes by us like a
fleeting shadow, each and every moment is precious to
be used to its fullest.
With this wonderful Center and its enormous
resources, I approach the New Year with a new resolve
to continue this process, and pray that our tefillot (prayers)
will be heard in the innermost chambers of the Heavens,
blessing each and everyone of us with a year of health
and happiness.
Shana Tova, from me and Lynette, and our children
Gary, Lisa, Jonathan and Daniel.
— Cantor Aron Heller
A final run through for Alex Whitman’s Bar Mitzvah.
Cantor Aron Heller
Cantor Heller performing with the Orange Park
Chorale.
Guest soloist Ralph Nussbaum with Cantor Heller rehearsing with Solomon Schechter
Lynette and Cantor Heller students for the Cantor’s Concert.
