President’s Message
ShanahTovah!
We are a special congregation with a
proud legacy.
Of the twenty-two members of our
talented confirmation class last year, five
were at least the third generation of their
families to be confirmed at the Center.
We have a number of families whose
membership at the Center span many
decades, including six generations of our
family who have been Center members.
As a third generation Center officer, I
view this history as more than just statistics. These are
important examples of the rich heritage we have built at the
Center — the foundation from which we assure the Jewish
future of our children and grandchildren.
We have been working hard to make that foundation
even stronger. The Education Committee, under Michael
DuBow’s leadership, has made great strides for our Galinsky
Educational Programs. Our Educational Endowment Funds
are at the highest level ever. For the first time, joint funding
from the Federation and the Center offers Solomon
Schechter Day School financial aid to members of other
synagogues.
Next year we will have a technology coordinator for
grades pre-K through middle school to provide state-of-the-
art computer instruction to be integrated with the general
and Judaic curriculum. The committee is also in the planning
stages of substantially upgrading the computer lab and
equipment.
The Finance Committee, led by Michael Shorstein, has
worked to meet the challenge of financing expanding
synagogue services and programs. The committee has been
faced with balancing additional program requests from
members, educational needs of our schools, and increasing
maintenance needs of our building with traditional funding
limitations.
All of the major committee chairmen, including
Philip Bloom (House), Rhoda Goldstein (Membership),
Sheila Jacobson (Building Fund), Kathy
Osterer (Youth), Harris Rittenberg and
Joanne Davis (Adult Education) Joe Shacter
(Religious), and Elyse Whitman (Cemetery)
have been investing tremendous talent and
energy to upgrade and enhance their
respective areas.
The officers and board are committed
to continuing the Center’s history of Jewish
excellence for you, our members. Among
the priorities of the coming year are:
• We will begin planning for our 2001
Centennial celebration, which will consist
of a series of special events and dedications.
• We will begin the next stage of the strategic planning
process including obtaining member feedback, setting
committee priorities, and establishing a mission statement.
Our goal is to ensure that we understand and are meeting
our members’ needs and expectations.
• We will reinvigorate our membership efforts and ensure
we’re effectively communicating all that we have to offer.
• We will continue efforts in the community on behalf
of our schools to ensure availability to any Jewish child
desirous of a Jewish Education.
• We will complete the payoff of the building mortgage,
and direct efforts to upgrade our facility to first class
condition.
In partnership with you, our members, the board of
directors looks forward to an exciting year. On behalf of the
officers, executive committee and board, and all who
volunteer and work to make our Center exceed your
expectations, we wish you a very good year.
Mazel tov to Peggy Organes, Janis Dorman, and all the
yearbook staff and volunteers for another excellent yearbook.
Beth, Daniel, Rebecca, Jennifer, Benjamin and I wish
you a healthy, happy and prosperous new year!
— Mark J. Shorstein
Mark J. Shorstein
President
Berman Bros., Inc.
Best Wishes for a
J
Happy and Healthy New Year
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
Edward, Millie,
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
. Millie K. Tannen, d.d.s.
Phone 353-3694
3810-5 Williamsburg Park Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
0 (904) 733-3360
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
13
