Administration
Executive Director’s Message
The countdown has begun. While
the new millennium is only months
away, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is busy planning for its own milestone
— the Center’s 100th birthday — to
be celebrated in the Fall of 2001.
While not quite on the scale of
entering the new millennium, the
Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Centennial
carries its own significance. The story
of our synagogue over the past 100
years is truly remarkable. The Center’s
impact on Jewish life in Jacksonville
is immeasurable.
Over the next two years, we will
be paying tribute to the Center’s past,
while laying the foundation for its
future. Many exciting events are being
planned. How fortunate we are to have
the opportunity to celebrate such a
milestone.
Even as we prepare for our
Centennial, daily synagogue life
continues at a rapid pace, adding
important chapters to our synagogue’s
history. This past year’s calendar was
jammed packed with more than 40
lifecycle events, stimulating educational
programs, recreational activities, youth
conventions and social events—all
aimed at meeting the needs of our
diversified congregation.
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Our Samuel and Esther Galinsky
Educational Programs continue to
thrive with the Solomon Schechter Day
School attaining a record enrollment.
Our Preschool and Hebrew Schools
provide the finest programs in their
areas.
This past year also featured
continued improvements to our
physical facility including providing all
new air conditioning units in our
classrooms, and the continued
installation of a new, highly efficient
energy management system to govern
our entire building. More improvements
are planned as we continue our
Centennial Challenge campaign to
refurbish our facility.
All of this activity would not be
possible without the day to day efforts
of our dedicated staff, committed lay
leaders and valued volunteers. It is the
combined efforts of these groups that
make the Center such a vibrant institution.
A special Mazel Tov to Rabbi Dov
Kentof for 20 years of devoted service
to the youth and families of our
congregation and the community.
As our own Centennial approaches,
we have much to be to be thankful for.
We have a rich tradition that has
positively impacted Jewish life for
more than five generations.
Our brightest promise, however,
is in our future. The Center stands
poised to enter the next hundred years
ready to meet the challenges that lie
ahead. With a clear vision and the
continued commitment of all of our
members, we will be up to that
challenge.
It is written: “The best way to
predict the future is to create it.” Let
us all work together to create the future
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
On behalf of Edith, Sam and Max,
I wish you a happy and healthy New Year.
— Bruce
Activities Director’s Message
There is a Talmudic passage that sums up the essence of why we do, what we do at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center — “as my parents planted for me and my generation, so must I
plant for the next generation.” As we begin preparations for the coming year, and plan for the
next century, we are planting for the future of the next generation, which is a sacred task
superseding everything else.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is exemplified by a cadre of devoted men and women
who place the priority of planting for the next generation above all else. I am privileged to
work with so many selfless people who take on enormous challenges, and show such creativity,
enthusiasm and passion. They recognize the profound truth that although we Jews may call
ourselves am olam, an eternal people, our eternity is exceedingly precarious. It is the
responsibility of our generation to ensure our survival. Take the opportunity to become
involved. Let us know what you we can do for you and your family. Let us resolve to make it our duty: to plant for the future.
On behalf of my family, Abe, David, Talie & Dana, my best wishes for a year of health, happiness and peace. L’Shana Tova.
Shirley Bielski
Activities Director
— Shirley
11
