Rabbi Kentof’s Message
The academic year 1999/2000
marks a milestone in the life of our
congregation as well as in our personal
relationship with the Center. For more
than twenty years, Alina and I have
labored with love to build up a
meaningful Education and Youth
Department. As a result, we have been
successful in raising a generation of
Jews who carry with them warm
memories of their involvement with our
formal and informal educational
programs, as well as a sense of pride
in their Jewishness.
In the fast-paced world we live in, there are many
cases where young people feel left out and left behind.
Too often these kids fall between the cracks. With so
many households dealing with both parents working
outside the home, the synagogue must step in to help
bring these children into the loving arms of Judaism where
they can find acceptance. This is, after all, the best place
(after home) to nurture growing children and help them
find themselves and their place in modem Jewish society
so they can lead a meaningful Jewish life.
The youth and education programs here at the
Center are designed to make a positive impact on the
lives of our students, giving them the tools they need to
make Jewish decisions, and in time be instrumental in
their adult decision making as well. Hopefully, they will
look back with fond memories at their time at the Center,
and remember what they have learned, which in turn will
help them choose the right path to follow.
Our schools include a Sunday
School for kindergarten through 2nd,
and an Afternoon Hebrew School for
grades 3 through 7. We also participate
in the Beit Midrash Community
Hebrew High School for students in
grades 8 through 12.
Our Youth Department offers
three excellent clubs that are affiliated
with United Synagogue Youth:
Chalutzim (grades 4 & 5), Kadima
(grades 6-8) and USY (grades 9-12).
Each group participates in a variety of
religious, cultural, social and athletic activities throughout
the year including camping, retreats, conventions, summer
youth programs and Israel pilgrimages. We take pride in
our programs which are often held up as the example by
which other synagogues’ programs are built. We hope
that you, as individuals and as a congregation, will take a
close look at our programs and make every effort to get
your children involved, and keep them involved, in as
many aspects of Center life as possible. Remember that
involved children grow into involved adults.
Alina and I wish you and your family a Happy &
Sweet New Year.
—Rabbi Dov Kentof
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Director of Education & Youth
7
