Organizations
Center Men’s Club
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is a committed organization dedicated
to the enrichment of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish Community. The Men’s
Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work together supporting, sponsoring
and participating in programs that bring meaning to our youth, companionship to our
elders, and involvement in our Jacksonville Jewish community.
Our Men’s Club is also an active member of the Federation of Jewish Mens Clubs,
an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. Through the support of the Federation we distribute hundreds of
Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles every Yom Hashoah to our Congregation families.
This year we will be continuing the successful “Hearing Men’s Voices” program; a series of workshops dedicated to creating
a forum for discussion and sharing issues relating to being a Jewish man in today’s world. These workshops will cover family,
religion, society and health in thought provoking and fulfilling agendas.
We are committed to our Center Youth with programs like the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life) award that rewards our
youth for reading Torah, The Youth Achievement Award for outstanding Confirmation students and presentation of a book to
every Bar and Bat Mitzvah. We also work closely with Rabbi Dov Kentof supporting the Center youth organizations by
helping out with conventions and Religious Schools programs.
We bring companionship to the elders of our community with programs like the River Garden Fishing Day which
brings buhbes, zaydes and kids of all ages together to try their hand at emptying the River Garden pond.
We support the Jacksonville Jewish Federation and the Jacksonville Family and Community Services with tzedakah
programs and are involved with the community at large by volunteering on Christmas to allow our friends of other faiths to
celebrate their holiday with their families.
We are visible friends of our Center as well, with programs like selling and building Sukkot for
our Center families and helping to decorate the Center’s Goldman Sukkah. You can find Men’s Club
members at the Lag B’Omer Picnic every year selling hot dogs and cokes. We form a corps of ushers
for services every Shabbat and holiday. Men’s Club members sponsor, lead and participate in Men’s
Club Shabbat and Armed Forces Shabbat, and take an
active role in preparing B’nai Mitzvah students of
all ages by sponsoring events and providing tutors
and assistance.
These events have earned your Men’s Club
First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards
from the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs in years past, and we are actively
pursuing new Torch Awards for
community service and other events.
The Men’s Club is also a great
way for friends to have fun. Every
summer we unite for the infamous
deep sea fishing trip and take our
families with us to a Lizard Kings
hockey game and a Jacksonville Suns
baseball game. In the Fall we “kick off’
our new year with a membership drive party featuring games of chance and
raffles while we watch a Jacksonville Jaguars away game on a BIG screen TV.
All this and more is waiting you if you are at least 21, male and a member
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Join now, we need your fellowship!
— Dave
-1999-2000 Men’s Club Officers —
President
David Schmerer
Vice President
George Rubens*
Secretary
Randall Smith*
Treasurer
Mike Herring
Board Members
Dr. Leo Davis
Moti Demri
Jeffery Morris
Phil Pakula
Jim Richman
Dr. Steve Warfield
Dan Wilensky
Leon Yergin
*Past Presidents
Ira Grann, Ken Organes,
George Rubens
Neil Sandler, Randall Smith
21
