Organizations
Center Sisterhood
1998-2000 Officers -
President
Beth Shorstein
Education VP
Etta Drashin
Membership VP
Gayle Bailys
Ways & Means VP
Sherry Herring
Marjie Rogozinski
Program VP
Jeanine Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Torah Fund VP
Debbie Banks
Youth VP
Stella Finck
Treasurer
Maxine Romo
Financial Secretary
Elissa Vining
Recording Secretary
Meryl Rittenberg
Corresponding Sec.
Lauren Hochrad
Parliamentarian
Janis Dorman
Budget
Jane Grann
Nominating Committee
Bonnie Sandler
Beth Shorstein
President
It is with great pleasure and anticipation that I begin
my second term as president of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Sisterhood. This past year has flown by, filled with a
multitude of exciting and fulfilling programs and activities.
Our educational programs have been rich and satisfying.
We continue to offer the monthly Sisterhood Seminars, ably
led by Rabbi Gaffney, and were delighted to celebrate with
the successful students of the Sisterhood Adult B’nai Mitzvah
class. Women’s Minyan this year had a wonderful new focus,
incorporating elements of a healing service and explanations
of the daily amidah. Sisterhood Shabbat was spiritually
uplifting and satisfying, and demonstrated the many talents
of our diverse membership. Book reviews, social action and Israeli affairs reports
continue to keep our members informed and involved. Last, but not least, our
bereavement committee continues to bring comfort and aid to Center families in
mourning.
This year our monthly meeting programs were varied, as well as entertaining. We
educated our members with '‘Wheel of Fortune” at the opening meeting, informed them
of community needs with our visitors from P.A.C.E., learned about hat making and table
decorating at the Paid-Up Membership meeting, to name a few. The annual joint
Sisterhood/Men’s Club meeting incorporated a shalosh seudot, which was enjoyed by
all. Finally, our closing meeting, which honored eight very deserving, long-standing
Sisterhood members, was a perfect ending to a fabulous year.
Thanks to this year’s successful Torah Fund campaign, a generous donation was
made to the Jewish Theological Seminary. Our delightful luncheon appropriately honored
Blanche Slott, who was instrumental in making Torah Fund an important Sisterhood
project.
Sisterhood involvement with the youth of our congregation included providing
snacks for the children at high holidays, baking hamantaschen for the students, and
running the arts and crafts booth at the Joint Sisterhood Purim carnival. Leagrams to
our Consecration and Confirmation students provided additional funding for all of the Religious Schools and youth programs
at the Center. We thank you for your generosity! Also, we have begun to work closely with the PTAs of all three schools,
and are busily planning new joint programs for the coming year. Stay posted — wonderful changes are in store!
Be sure to support Sisterhood, with your membership and by getting involved with one of our many fundraising
activities. Watch the Bulletin and Chai Lights for news of our annual New Year’s flower and cards, sales, as well as of some
new and wonderful events.
Our Center Sisterhood is very fortunate to have an
involved, interested, and active board, filled with new and
returning members of all ages. We are proud of our many
activities, and welcome new ideas and volunteers. Bring
your energy and enthusiasm to our opening meetings, and
find out what we are all about!
Mark, Daniel, Rebecca, Jennifer, and Benjamin join
me in wishing you a Shana Tova, and the hope for a peaceful
and happy New Year.
— Beth
Left: Etta Drashin, Bonnie Sandler, Maxine Romo, Beth Shorstein, Barbara
Safer and Marsha Pollock attended the Florida Branch Spring Convention,
May 1999, in Tampa.
23
