Organizations
Jewish Singles
Center Choral Society
Jacksonville offers fun in the sun and jobs to many
Jewish singles who have recently located here. It also offers
social opportunities to any Jewish single age 21 to 40ish.
Group get- togethers are a great way to meet people, make
friends and do important networking. Often the group meets
to have a kosher dinner, usually in someone’s home. The
activities are varied and interesting.
Singles receive three-month calendars letting them
know what is going to be happening, when and where.
This program continues to be sponsored and funded by
the Jacksonville Jewish Center and the Jacksonville Jewish
Federation, which allows dinners to be very affordable.
For additional information, call Rhoda at the Center
office, 292-1000.
55+ Club
Row 1 L to R: Molly Silverman, Pollie Copans, Sada Freedman,
Row 2 L to R: Jack Silverman, Philip Copans, Ben Edwards
The 55+ Club, now in its twelveth year, usually meets
the second Sunday of each month from 2 to 4 p.m. at the Center.
Programs include speakers, musical performers, dancing
exhibitions and interesting presentations. The entertainment is
always exciting, refreshments are served and there’s always
time for socializing. The annual luncheon in June is the
highlight of the year. Membership is open to the entire Jewish
Community with annual dues only $12.50 per person.
For over 52 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving
liturgical music. Over the years they have given numerous
concerts featuring members of the choir as well as nationally
acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have been
singing with this group for twenty years or more. New
members are always welcome.
1999 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Pollie Copans, Organizing Secretary
Stevie Levine, Music Coordinator
Members: Ruchel Broadman, Raymond Cohen,
Pollie Copans, Karen Dubin, Margaret Fleet, Lois
Gosa, Debbie Kaye, Henry Lasris, Stevie Levine,
William McLaughlin, Judy Geller Nevel, David
Organes, Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes, David
Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Anita Solomon, Steve
Solomon and Rebecca Zapin.
— 55+ Club Officers —
President
Ben Edwards
Vice President/Programming
Pollie Copans
Treasurer
Jack Silverman
Recording Secretary
Sada Freedman
Corresponding Secretary
Philip Copans
Hospitality Committee
Pollie Copans,
Sada Friedman
Molly Silverman
25
