EducationalEndowments
“V’Shenantam Lvanecha”— “Teach it to your children”
— Shema
Knowledge has been the means by which Jewish life has flourished for thousands of
years. The Jacksonville Jewish Center is extremely pleased to announce the establishment of
three generous endowments that will enable us to enhance and perpetuate Jewish education
for generations to come.
The Samuel and Esther Galinsky Educational Programs
From the estate of Esther Galinsky, an extraordinary endowment has been established as a perpetual
memorial, in keeping with Mrs. Galinsky’s request that the gift be used to enhance the Jewish education
of children attending our schools. The Samuel and Esther Galinsky Educational Programs, comprising
of the Solomon Schechter Day School, Center Pre-School and Religious Schools, will now be the
recipients of long needed educational enhancements. This gift will benefit not only the more than 400
children enrolled in our schools today, but students well into the future
Esther and Samuel Galinsky immigrated from Russia during the first decade of the 20th Century,
met and married in this country. Mrs. Galinsky, who died in 1997 at the age of 104, was a sweet,
unpretentious and kind woman, and a longtime member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. She took a
keen interest in the Center’s educational programs and delighted in visits with the students.The generosity
of Mrs. Galinsky’s bequest will allow the Jacksonville Jewish Center to provide a Jewish education of
the highest quality.
Alix Schaul Levy Scholarship Fund
The Alix Schaul Levy Scholarship Fund scholarship fund has been endowed by Albert Levy in
memory of his beloved wife, Alix, who was a devoted advocate for the children of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. Among her many activities, Alix served as president of the Solomon Schechter PTA and
played a major role as a leader of our Girl Scout Program. The endowment will provide tuition scholarships
for those needy and deserving students wishing to attend the Solomon Schechter Day School. Mr.
Levy’s generous contribution will significantly expand the outreach that we have to our community and
to our children.
Sol and Hilda Goldman Scholarship Fund
The Sol and Hilda Goldman Scholarship Fund is a permanent endowment to benefit worthy and
needy applicants desiring admission to the Solomon Schechter Day School. Sol and Hilda Goldman
have been lifelong members and dedicated supporters of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Sol was honored
as the Center’s Hatan Torah at Simchat Torah services this past year. This gift will help afford a Jewish
education for all of our children.
On behalf of all of our members, and most especially of our children,
the Officers and Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
expresses its deepest appreciation and gratitude for these special endowments.
19
