Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the
friendly volunteers who give of their
time to perform the mitzvah of
welcoming people to services with a
friendly “Shabbat Shalom”. Greeting is
a good way to introduce yourself to
people and make newcomers and
visitors feel welcome. We thank Martha
for her dedication to the Center and to
all of the people who volunteered to
greet over the past year. Anyone
interested in joining the Shabbat
Greeters, please call Martha, 733-4668.
Shabbat Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
Every Shabbat and holidays these
friendly volunteer members serve as
ambassadors to Center congregants by
helping with seating, guiding and
acknowledging newcomers, and
welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers
help to maintain synagogue decorum
which preserves the beauty of the service
for all of us. We thank all of our ushers
for their efforts throughout the year:
The Ushers
Stuart Appelbaum, Sidney Backer,
Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Philip
Bloom, Ira Grann, Jeffery Morris,
Joel Morris, Carl Passen, Fred
Pozin, Jim Richman, Harris
Rittenberg, George Rubens,
Leonard Saraga, David & Jason
Schmerer, Barry Shuster, Joseph
Shacter, Steve Solomon, Randall
Smith, Tom Spriggs, Joshua
Whitman, and Scott Zimmerman.
Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center
Minnie Schreiber and May Goldie Stillman, Chairs
The Tofield Reading Room of the Henry Kramer Library is very attractive
and inviting. Current magazines, such as Moment, and newspapers, such as the
Forward, are available for the membership to peruse and enjoy.
Many new books have been added to the rich collection of books of Jewish
interest —the Bible, Talmud, prayers, the Holocaust, Israel, philosophy,
biographies, poetry, humor and fiction.
The Steinsaltz Talmud in Hebrew and English is available, and reference
materials are accessible for study assignments.
The Library is open on Sundays 8:30 to Noon.
Shabbat Torah Readers
Ted Gross, Coordinator
There were two interesting
features of the new Torah Readers in
the past year. One was the increasingly
large percentage of girls who have
opted to read more than one Torah
portion for their own, and for their
friends’ Bar and Bat Mitzvahs. Second
was the length of the portions they have
selected, some choosing to read all the
portions available in a Sedra. This is in
keeing with the general trend in gender-
related opportunities for women. We
are proud of the advancement, and hope
it will bring more satisfaction to the
administrators of our educational
programs, and to the members of our
congregation.
Those who joined our team on a
continuing basis were: Josh Berkman,
Sasha Bloom, Robyn Blum, Dena
Mizrahi, Lindsay Morris, Whitney
Rosenberg, Laurie Sandler, Debbie
Shacter, Sammy Warfield and Alex
Whitman.
- Library Committee -
Administrative Assistant:
Elaine Furman
Members:
Blanche Slott
Roselyn Selber
Svetlana Goldiner
Myer Cohen
Jack Dreher
Staff Assistants:
Vicky Goldiner
Rachel Organes
29
