Committees
Adult Education
The Jewish people have historically been called the
“people of the book” We have a tradition of love and
dedication to education, and Jewish education in particular,
as a lifelong pursuit of the highest esteem. To answer the
diverse educational needs of our congregation, the Adult
Education Committee, with the guidance of Rabbi David
Gaffney, coordinated an ambitious program with a wide
variety of courses and speakers throughout the year. Hebrew
literacy, Talmud, synagogue and holiday workshops, Firing
Line and other discussion groups formed the basis of a
comprehensive, ongoing curriculum. In addition, Rabbi
Arnold Stiebel conducted several Shabbat Learner’s Minyans and Etta Drashin introduced “Read Hebrew
America”, a crash course sponsored by the National Jewish Outreach Program The Setzer-Levit Memorial
Lecture, Shabbaton and community-based engagements brought prominent speakers of national and international
acclaim. Chairman Harris Rittenberg and the entire committee invite you to avail yourself in the coming year
of the exciting programs that are now being planned to enrich your spiritual life.
The Adult Education Committee continues to enlighted us with
nationally acclaimed speakers like Professor Shalom Paul.
Rabbi Irving “Yitz” Greenberg was the featured speaker at the Shabbaton
Weekend, underwritten by the Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton Fund. Rabbi
Greenberg, a Harvard doctoral scholar, founder of the National Jewish Center for
Learning and Leadership, and champion of pluralism within Judaism and the greater
world, revealed his vision of Judaism’s continuing triumphs and challenges in the context
of 21 st century secularism, freedom and affluence. His warm, affable style and delightful
humor inspired as well as educated the congregation throughout
the weekend.
Rabbi Irving Greenberg
Abraham H. Foxman, Director of the Anti-Defamation
League of the B’nai Brith, captivated a packed audience on a Tuesday evening as the
guest of the Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture series. Foxman is regarded as one of the
great leaders in the American Jewish community and is world-renowned for his fight
against anti-semitism, bigotry and discrimination. A Holocaust survivor himself, Foxman
is at the forefront of issues such as Christian-Jewish and Black-Jewish relations, as
well as Holocaust restitution. It was an electrifying program.
Two opportunities to meet with representatives of the Jewish Theological Seminary
were afforded our congregation. Dr. Jack Wertheimer, the Mendelson Professor of American Jewish History
and the Director of the Ratner Center for the Study of Conservative Judaism at the Seminary, spoke at the home
of Laurie and Linda Dubow. At Seminary Shabbat, rabbinical student Rick Chisever, lead services and spoke
enthusiastically about life at the Seminary and his hopes for the future as a Conservative rabbi.
Family University, directed by Pam Maman, offered Solomon Schechter Day School students and their
parents an opportunity to study together from one-day curriculum of varied topics. “Shabbat — A Day for the
Rest of Your Life”, coordinated by Harriet Brodsky and Robin Morris provided a year of do-it-yourself
projects to encourage families raise their level of Shabbat observance.
33
