Committees
High Holiday Preparation
It takes many volunteers, many, many hours, to prepare a synagogue for the
High Holiday season. We at the Jacksonville Jewish Center are indeed fortunate
to be able to count on our dedicated volunteers and are very grateful for all the
help they give Richard Ford and his maintenance staff.
The 1998 Selihot program planned by Robin Morris and Shirley Bielski,
“Shabbat - A Day For the Rest Of Your Life”, launched a year of programs centered
around the celebration of Shabbat in the home and synagogue. Heartwarming
personal experiences and memories by Polina Brunfon, Moti Demri, Ellen
Goldstein, Rabbi Dov Kentof, Faye Maiman, Shira Morris, Seth Moser,
Natalie Osterer, Craig & Sherry Sommers and Dot Yerstandig inspired the
congregation to reacquaint themselves with their own family traditions.
Preparing talitot for the congregation to wear during Rosh Hashanah and
Yom Kippur is an enormous labor of love. Thank you to Ava Axelrod and Shirley
Bielski for washing all the talesim and to Beverly Geller for unpacking the new
talesim. Ava Axelrod also baked delicious honey cakes for the Religious Schools to
sell.
Gayle Bailys, Justin Axelrod, Shirley Bielski, Svetlana Goldiner, David
Schmerer, Jason Schmerer, Steve Warfield and the JJC maintenance staff
rearranged and inserted the new plaques in the Memorial Wall. William Rose
checked machzorim for Chalutzim and Kadima to place, along with additional
pamphlets and handouts, on the seats of the expanded sanctuary. As in the past,
USY polished the silver and cleaned ritual objects.
House Committee
Last Rosh Hashanah, the
leadership of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center introduced the “Centennial
Challenge” - a five year program that
would allow us to go forward with
improvements and repairs necessary to
maintain our commitment to enter the
next century in a debt-free, refurbished
building.
Because of the generous support
of many of our congregants, the
following improvements have been
completed and more are under way:
additional bathrooms in the school wing,
repairs to the skylights and roof, handicap
access to the bima and new carpeting in
the sanctuary, refurbishment of the
kitchen, including new equipment and
an institutional refrigerator,
resurfacing of cracked decking in the
pool area, new carpeting in the
Preschool, and installation of a
security system for the building.
31
