Committees
Mitzvah Committee
Joan Waitz, Chairperson
Bikkur Holim literally means “visiting the sick” and is
a religious imperative for us as Jews. The ancient tradition
finds its roots in a number of biblical and rabbinic texts.
In Bereshit, the first book of the Torah, we learn that
human beings are created b’tzelem Elohim, in God’s image.
Judaism understands this to mean that we are required to
emulate the ethical attributes of God, mercy, kindness,
forgiveness, graciousness.
Modern society with its wondrous advances in medical
technology, intimidating procedures and sterile hospital
environments, has, if anything, increased the need for Bikkur
Holim. The needs of the sick and aged require, not only the
best of scientific knowledge, but the loving care of family,
friends, neighbors and the synagogue community.
“To minister to the sick, is to minister to God.”
— Abraham Joshua Heschel
For more information and to volunteer your time, call
Joan Waitz, 731-2486.
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish when
you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe the captains not
only our thanks, but also our participation, in order to
continue providing a minyan for each service. Please call
any minyan captain and become a “regular” for at least one
minyan a week.
Monday a.m.
Monday p.m.
Raymond Cohen, Harry Shmunes
Billy Wilensky, Robert Shenkman
Tuesday a.m.
Tuesday p.m.
Jack Mizrahi
Jack Bettman
Wednesday a.m.
Wednesday p.m.
Joe Shacter
Jack Silverman
Thursday a.m.
Thursday p.m.
Seeman Zimmerman
Fred Kupperman
Friday a.m.
Friday p.m.
Leon Yergin
Philip Selber
Saturday p.m.
David Schemerer
Sunday a.m.
Sunday p.m.
Philip Selber
Evan Yegelwel and Bill Zoske
Membership
Rhoda Goldstein, Chairperson
Rhoda Goldstein and Judy Greenfield
prepare welcome bags.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center was so named because
those who were involved recognized that we had to be more
than just a place of worship to those who affiliated.
As we approach a new millinium, we realize that need
more than ever before. With so many families living far from
their parents and their children, we understand the importance
of giving those who relocate to Jacksonville a support
system — a place for people to make friends and find an
extended family.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center provides a place for
education, socialization and recreation, as well as a place
for meditation, stimulation and contemplation. We attract
new members, and retain those who have already joined us,
by providing for their needs.
The Membership Committee, along with many of the
Center’s other committees, plays a vital role in planning
opportunities for our members. The committee is always
looking for dedicated people to participate, because there is
always so much to do. You can help us accomplish our goals
by becoming a member of the membership committee, by
letting us know when new people have moved to Jacksonville,
by welcoming newcomers when you see them during
services or an activity, or by extending hospitality during
holidays or on Shabbat.
Special brunches encourage prospective members to join the Center.
