Special Events
Shabbat: A Day for the Rest of Your Life
A United Synagogue-Rabbinical Assembly National Campaign
Shabbat has always been a cornerstone in Jewish life. If we get more members to engage
in exploring Shabbat, it will enhance their lives, give them a sense of Shabbat Shalom—
worry-free time, quality time for friends and family. Congregants will come to experience
personally the poetry of being Jewish. Many of our members have not experienced Shabbat.
Our challenge is to encourage our members to explore the richness of Shabbat at home and in
the synagogue—to take first steps and next steps. We are creating programs and environments
which will empower members to discover the joy and enrichment that Shabbat can bring,
providing knowledge, skills and encouragement as they “explore Shabbat.”
Seth Moser and Robin Morris share
Shabbat memories at Selichot.
An Overview of the 1998-99 Shabbat Activities
• September: Selichot Program to introduce Shabbat—A Day for the Rest of Your Life with
speakers of all ages and backgrounds describing their personal experiences and memories of
Shabbat.
• October: Bags containing Shabbat candles and the blessings were distributed to every student
in every school in the building every week in October. Also a sticker was included so that after
Shabbat the child could decorate a 3-D candlestick to show
how many people actually lit their Shabbat candles.
Sisterhood, Men’s Club, USY, and other groups received
bags of Shabbat candles, blessings and stickers at their
meetings during the month.
• November: Grape Juice bottles were packaged in boxes with the kiddush and motzi included.
One week, these were also distributed to schools and at activities throughout the synagogue.
• December: A special Board of Directors Havdalah was shared by many families. A complete
kit for Havdalah including braided candle, spices, wine and blessings was given to each family
to take home. These families were encouraged to invite other
families to join in their own Havdalah the following weeks.
Zach Morris, Max Horovitz and
Lindsay Morris prepare bags of
Shabbat candles.
Solomon Schechter Day School
Students assemble “kiddush” boxes.
• January: Day School Kindergarten Shabbat Dinner was a big undertaking. The students made
their own candlesticks, head coverings, kiddush cups, challah, and challah knives and covers.
Multi-generational families participated in this memorable evening. Consecration of the first
grades of the Day School and the Religious Schools had the
theme of “Shabbat.” The children sang familiar and not-so
familiar z’mirot, recited Shabbat prayers and famous
quotations about Shabbat, and even welcomed the Shabbat
Bride.
• February: Many members opened their homes and invited guests for Shabbat Dinner during
this month. Some invited people they knew and some were matched up with people they
didn’t know. Some did it one Friday night, and some did it several times during the month.
The response was terrific! Some comments:
“We had a delightful Shabbat with a very nice new family that we would have not met otherwise.”
“A great program to encourage Shabbat participation.”
Preschoolers demonstrate the rituals
at Bubbee & Zaydee Shabbat.
“We enjoyed our guests and are always happy to have Shabbos company even after February.”
• April: Family University of the Solomon Schechter Day School was held. The main theme of classes offered to parents and students
was Shabbat. Some of the classes were: Kabbalistic Secrets of Shabbat, Inner Meaning of Shabbat Rituals, How to make Havdalah,
Cooking for Shabbat, Blessings for the Family for Shabbat, Shabbat Story Telling, and Roadmap for Shabbat Morning Service.
Hopefully, this is just a starting point for Shabbat involvement for our membership. We all can experience
Shabbat to a fuller degree. Come to Tot Shabbat or Pre-Jr. Congregation or Jr. Congregation or Ramah Shabbat or
a Shabbaton. Shabbat happens every week, so take advantage of what it has to offer . . . and make Shabbat a Day
for the Rest of your Life.
— Harriet Brodsky and Robin Morris, co-chairs
45
