Special Events
Adult B’nai Mitzvah
June 18-19, 1999 — 26 Tammuz
My B’nai Mitzvah Class Experience
By Karen Dubin
Almost THREE years of study ... it seemed like
an eternity, now it seems like only yesterday when we
began our class with Rabbi Gaffney. Every Wednesday
evening at 7:30, we met with Wendy Brezin for Hebrew
and with Rabbi for our class. We studied Jewish history,
life cycle events, holidays and so much more! Rabbi
showed us everything, from how to properly put on a
talit, to how to light Shabbat Candles.
Our discussions covered many topics and our
opinions were very diverse. We were the B’nai Mitzvah
Class of “Why?” — we had MANY questions! There
was so much to learn, so much to understand. And, it
was fascinating. Rabbi Gaffney made the class very
interesting.
The Hebrew at times seemed impossible.Wendy was demanding, but she made the class fun and the reading
became easier with practice. Lois Gosa and I wondered many times if we could possibly chant the Haftorah. Even
though we volunteered to do it, we were very uncertain. Thanks to hard work, Wendy’s and Peggy Organes’ help we
accomplished it. The sense of achievement echoed through the class .... Jeff’s Torah introduction, Gary and Michael’s
Torah portions, Ava’s Kiddush, Cindy’s Yigdal, Marcia’s explanation of the Haftorah, Lauren’s Mizmor L’David
and Norman’s presentation of the class gift. Svetlana’s Uvenucho Yomar and Yakov’s “True and Certain” were
especially moving, since they were not only B’nai Mitzvah class members, but new Americans as well. Everyone
had a part and did it well.
In the beginning we were strangers; we became twelve good friends and committed Jews. It’s our beginning,
not an end. We have the rest of our lives to continue learning and sharing our love of Torah with each other, our
Synagogue and our families.
Thank you Rabbi Gaffney, Wendy Brezin, all the tutors, Center Sisterhood and everyone else who helped to
make this life cycle event possible for us.
The B’nai Mitzvah Class, R to L - Front: Lauren Hochrad, Ava Fixel,
Svetlana Goldiner, Lois Gosa, Rabbi David Gaffney, Karen Dubin, Cindy
Silverberg, Marcia Kleiman. Back: Yakov Goldiner, Michael Fixel, Gary
Kresel, Jeff Cramer, Norman Kleiman.
Yad Shel Chai Award
Yad Shel Chai Recipients.L to R Front: Jonathan
Tannen, Lisa Rand, Rachel Gerber, Jonathan Heller.
Back: David Organes, Mark Frisch, Jared Fleet, Sam
Horovitz. Not shown: Seth Finck.
Among it’s many activities, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Men’s Club promotes positive youth programs. Two years ago, the
Men’s Club instituted the very successful Yad Shel Chai—Hand of
Life—award program which encourages and rewards post Bar/Bat
Mitzvahs who continue reading Torah on Shabbat, holidays, and at
minyan. Teens who read a minimum of 18 (chai) portions by age 18
are awarded a beautiful, inscribed Torah pointer (yad). To date, the
following youths have received their yads: Seth Finck, Jared Fleet,
Mark Frisch, Rachel Gerber, Jonathan Heller, Sam Horovitz, David
Organes, Lisa Rand, and Jonathan Tannen. We should all be extremely
proud of their accomplishments and hope to see many more join them
in achieving this high honor. If you would like more information
regarding this program, please contact Randall Smith.
37
