Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to
the Evergreen Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both have beautiful
shade trees and mature landscaping. During the past year, a state of
the art sprinkler system was installed in the New Cemetery. The
new system includes water faucets for your use at each gate and at
the little house. In addition, Eli
Fleet has built beautiful
containers for stones for both
cemeteries as his Eagle Scout
project. This wonderful mitzvah
enables visitors to follow the
tradition of placing stones at
the gravesites of their loved
ones.
Both cemeteries are open daylight hours every day except Shabbat
and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach
Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery,
travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on 43rd
Street and the entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Future plans include improvements to the entrances, as well as
additional landscaping. Contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance
and maintain our cemeteries.
We thank the voulnteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman
Eli Fleet with his Eagle Scout mitzvah project.
Hevra Kaddisha
Officers 1999-2000
President
Nathan C. Sandler
VP/Treasurer
Robert Bossen
VP/Education
Ira Grann
VP/Committee Chair (Tahara)
Ilse Gottlieb
Sally Becker
Sheree Spriggs
VP/Secretary
Naomie Bossen
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with
death. It is an experience for which no one is ever really prepared. Judaism
is a faith that embraces all of life, and death as a part of it.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the
reponsibility of the Hevra Kadisha., a group of dedicated Jewish laypeople
from our own community. They are knowlegeable in the traditional duties
and devoted to showing the utmost respect for the deceased. In addition to
performing the Taharah (purification) rituals, cleansing and preparing the
body for burial, the Hevra Kadisha recites the required prayers. In addition,
they provide a Shomer (watcher) to be at the side of the deceased until
burial.
Membership in the Hevra Kadisha has always been considered a great
communal honor. We in Jacksonville are very fortunate to have a group of
dedicated and sincere men and women, who perform this mitzvah for all,
regardless of financial means. They are available 24 hours a day throughout
the year to meet the needs of the Jacksonville Jewish community.
Anyone interested in joining may contact any of our officers.
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
65
