— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs
Solomon Schechter Day School
Willard M. Kennedy
Principal
At this time, we all turn our attention to a new year of our
children’s educational development. We know that, next to the
home, school exerts the most influence on the course of an
individual’s life, and that the relationship between home and
school is an extremely important one.
With a young child about to start formal education, we
look for school readiness; however, this step is just the first in a
process of transition that lasts right through the elementary years.
If we accept this idea of transition, it becomes clear that family
and faculty must adapt to each other so that students get the
most from their educational experience.
What are the signs of a nurturing academic environment
that encourages smooth transitions? In an issue of Kappan. a criterion was published to measure this.
These were:
1. Children like school — they like other children, teachers, classrooms, etc.
2. Steady growth in academic and social skills.
3. Parents are positively involved in their children’s education. (Since we are a religious institution,
supportive learning is especially important.)
4. Classroom environments are emotionally positive for teachers and students.
5. Home and school value each other. In a successful school, teachers
know the parents and value their input. Conversely, parents trust
and value the teachers, knowing they have the best interests of the
students at heart.
Solomon Schechter parents are exceptionally involved in the academic
lives of their children. This commitment, along with the fact the our school
provides a conducive learning environment where a child feels safe, secure
and comfortable enough to take risks in the learning process, earns our
school a top rating.
As your thoughts turn to 1999-2000, you can rest assured that your
choice of the Solomon Schechter Day School for your child’s learning
environment is the right choice.
Evelyn Borstein
School Secretary
— Willard Kennedy
Resource Teachers
