Religious Schools
Afternoon Hebrew School
The Afternoon Hebrew School of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is designed for students in grades 3-7, and provides an
elementary education leading to Bar/Bat Mitzvah and continuation in the high school program.
Meeting on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays, “the basics” are at the core of the curriculum, with stress on Hebrew
reading, Jewish social studies, and current events relating to Israel. Synagogue skills, holiday observances and knowledge of
prayers are all part of the comprehensive Afternoon Hebrew School program.
Aleph Class: Teachers - Carole Goldberg, Alina Kentof
Students: David Chester, Risa Cohen, Corey King, Jordan Kress,
Melissa Neadle, Danielle Palombo, Mark Safer, Paul Sandler,
Molly Seebol, Abigail Weiss, Sam Wyzan.
Bet Class: Teachers - Carole Goldberg, Wendy Brezin
Students: Leah Dubin, Kari Ginsberg, Michelle Jernigan, Shaun
Lesnik, Ali Margolies, Andrew Schemer, Michelle Spivak, Brittany
Vitiello, Tess Wilensky.
Cathy Wilensky and Ava Axelrod
PTA Presidents
Religious Schools PTA
We are looking forward to another exciting year with our Afternoon Hebrew,
Sunday School and Beit Midrash classes.
Our younger students seem to become more involved each year with our Jewish
Holidays. They love the programs they can put on for Passover and Purim. Our older
students are becoming serious, committed Jews.
Parental involvement is so very important in a child’s religious education.
Volunteers are always needed, and we believe your children benefit from seeing you
helping out. Please feel free to volunteer whenever you are able, showing your support for
our programs.
Wishing you a wonderful and healthy New Year!
— Cathy and Ava
Above; Rabbi Kentof with his Valued Volunteers- Justin Axelrod,
Melissa Osterer, Hope Axelrod, Kate Robbins and Shirley
Schinasi.
At right: Religious School teachers:(L-R) front-Pam Maman,
Milanie Hatfield, Rachel Gerber. Back- Moshe Bendit, Susan
Kadish, Carole Goldberg, Stella Finch, Susan Neadle, Cantor
Aron Heller, Alina Kentof, Rabbi Dov Kentof
86
