Scouting
Daisy Troop 258
Daisy Girl Scout Troop 258 had a wonderful and fulfilling year! We formed new friendships that we hope will
last a lifetime. Through our weekly, fun-filled meetings, exciting field trips and inspiring ceremonies, these girls
have grown and blossomed before our eyes. The goals set from the Girl Scouts of America program were easily
achieved by these caring, sharing and ambitious young girls. We are very proud of them all. We truly enjoyed
sharing their experiences, and hope they will continue on as Brownies.
For more information call Laura Cagan, 260-9890, or Debbie Parker, 268-4339.
— Laura and Debbie
Brownie Troop 882
Brownie Troop 882 had a wonderful and busy year. Our girls were
involved in making the Hanukkah holiday bright for the residents at River
Garden. Besides creating beautiful stained glass vases and filling them full of
fresh flowers, the troop sang many of their favorite Hanukkah songs.
Our troop participated in gathering clothing and toys for the needy families
of Jacksonville. Each girl received a special patch for “Goodwill in our
Community.”
They learned about each; then they
related to them and their families.
During this year, the girls worked on many different “tryits”: animal,
creative composing, dancerize, good food, puppet, doll and plays, and safety,
either wrote or discussed the different topics, explaining how, as Girl Scouts, it
We also participated in the annual Girl Scout Cookie Sale. Our troop sold 1,500 boxes of cookies, which is the
all time high. Our troop also donated boxes of cookies to the Mandarin Food Bank, and received a patch for
Community Service.
This year, Troop #882 also donated a State Flag of Florida to the Solomon Schechter Day School. The older
Brownies of our troop presented the flag to Mr. Willard Kennedy, principal of the school.
Last but not least, our troop braved 30° weather to sleep in tents at the Girl Scout camp, Camp Chowenwaw.
The girls enjoyed a roaring campfire, and plenty of “sommores”. We walked along the shoreline of Black Creek,
sang songs and had a great weekend!
As Troop #882 grows and we welcome
a new bunch of brownies, we encourage any
parent willing to help with our larger troop
to contact either Beverly Eagerton, 880-
7525, or Lynn Kluger, 221-5748.
Brownies presenting flag to Mr.
Kennedy.
It has been a great year and we look
forward to our next year as leaders.
— Beverly and Lynn
Camping was great!!!
101
