Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Pack 14 recorded yet another outstanding year due to
the enthusiasm of a record 51 Cub Scouts and to our
exceptional den leaders. Some of our activities included the
annual Pinewood Derby competition at River Garden, camping
and winning many awards at the Riverbend District Cub-o-ree
campout, our Memorial Day camp out, learning outdoor skills,
and making Hanukkah gifts for sick individuals at Wolfson
Children’s Hospital.
The Blue and Gold Banquet recognized all the awards
and achievements our Cub and Boy Scouts had earned during
the past year. Special thanks to Bob and Janis Fleet for
planning this wonderful event. The highlight of the banquet
was the presentation of the Eagle badge to Eli Fleet. Eli
certainly has set a wonderful example that all our future Boy
Scouts can aspire to.
Our hats are off to all the parents who either served as
den leaders or assisted at our monthly Pack meetings and our
outings. Without you, none of the wonderful activities would
have been possible. Special thanks go to my wife, Deena,
who served both as a den assistant and support for me in my
8th year as Cubmaster.
The 5th grade Webelos den was led this year by Alyssa
Vining and Stacy Epstein. Our older scouts successfully
earned their Arrow of Light Award and “bridged” over to Boy
Scouts. We look forward to seeing them involved in Scouting
for many more years.
Jeri Schwartz and Deena Richman led an energetic
4th grade Weblos den. These boys went on a variety of field
trips and worked very hard to earn their Webelos Badge.
The future Webelos of the 3rd grade were led by Alyssa
Vining and Missy Frisch, this past year. Double thanks to
Alyssa for her double duty!!! These boys had a variety of
activities which led to their earning the Bear badge along with
many gold and silver arrows.
The 2nd grade Cubs were led by first year leader Kim
Gartner and by Stacy Epstein. These den leaders did a terrific
job with a huge group of boys in their first year of Scouting.
Kim and Stacy kept the weekly meetings interesting, and we
are indebted to them for their efforts. These boys earned their
Wolf badges and had a wonderful and educational experience.
Our increase in members this year was due in part to
our very first Kindergarten Tiger Cub den. GO TIGER
CUBS!!!!! Although each parent was an awesome coach, two
sets of parents stood out as leaders. They were Bruce and
Cathy Stark and Bob and Sherril Kent. They did an
unbelievable job, as we learned together about the exciting
world of Tiger Cubs. Our wonderful and enthusiastic Tigers
graduated into Cub Scouts.
Tiger Cubs — Kindergarten
(L to R) Back: Cathy Stark, Max Goldstein,
Aaron Stark, Steven Lewis, Michael Mirsky,
Ben Gatewood, Sam Whitman, Sherril
Kent. Front: Bradley Goldring, Noah Pozin,
Jacob Wolfson, Ben Jolson, Sam Kent,
Adam Schwartz. Not shown Sam Levine.
Scorpion Den — 3rd grade
(L to R) Back: Alyssa Vining, Kyle Vining,
Matthew Harris, Missy Frisch. Front:
Marcus Bettman, Stefan Mykych, Kevin
Norton, Adam Friedman, Kyle Solloway,
Cameron Spiritas. Not Shown: Zach Schemer
Flying Eagles Den — 2nd grade
(L to R) Back: Stacy Epstein, Mathew
Kingson, Michael Cagen, Richie Bailys, Gabe
Rosner, Jordon Koslowski, Kim Gartner.
Front: Aaron Zeebooker, Branden Epstein, Ori
Nevo, Austin Gartner. Not shown: Eric
Levenson, Manny Shapiro, Zach Rogozinski.
Cobra Weblos Den — 4th grade
(L to R) Front: Amie Silverberg, Joseph
Yarish, Sam Schwartz, Ben Shorstein,
Louis Richman, Josh Rosenberg. Back:
Jeri Schwartz, Deena Richman. Not
Shown:David Denman, Jonathan Sandler.
My personal hope is that our parents
will continue to realize what a rich and
rewarding experience Scouting is. Very few
organizations offer the opportunity to learn
leadership, teamwork, outdoorsmanship and
sportsmanship at such a young age. Please
become involved with your son. It will be
as rewarding for you as it is for your
son!!!!!
GO MIGHTY CUB SCOUTS OF
MIGHTY PACK 14!!!
— Jim Richman, Cubmaster
Arrow of Light Weblos — 5th grade
(R to L) Back: Stacy Epstein, Michael
Epstein, Andrew Vining, Aaron Blankstein,
Alyssa Vining. Front:Michael Meisel, David
Richter, Joshua Fleet, Jonathan Mizrahi.
105
