Scouting
Junior Girl Scout Troop 5
Junior Troop 5 had a great year with 25 girls enjoying
scouting activities, and sharing their experiences and
adventures in Girl Scouting with younger girls!
This year our goal was to earn the “Sign of the Rainbow.”
This sign explores the five worlds of interest in Girl Scouting:
•The World of People — “Around the World” badge.
We saw a video about events from 1921 and tried on scout
uniforms from years past.
•The World of the Out-of-Doors —“Horse Lovers”
badge. As you can expect, we went horseback riding and
learned how to care for horses. At the Lake-Man-Jose
neighborhood Spring campout, the troop also earned the
“Finding Your Way” badge. This badge taught how to use a
compass, protractor, draw a map, and read a map. Good skills
for anyone to have!
•The World of Today and Tomorrow —’’Puzzlers” badge.
What fun it was to come to meetings and play board games!
•The World of the Arts —“Ceramics and Clay” badge.
The girls made pots and painted tiles to bring home and enjoy.
•The World of Well-Being —“Sports Sampler” badge.
Activities included a trip to the YMCA to learn tennis, a visit
from a Middle School coach, and a visit from a nurse to learn safety
and first aid in sports.
Girl Scouting is not only about learning and having fun
for ourselves, we also give back to the community as good
citizens. Toiletry bags were made and distributed to a local
homeless shelter. Our Girl Scout Cookie sale was a big success
(Who doesn’t love Girl Scout Cookies!) which we shared by
donating three cases of cookies to the Food Bank. Our girls
taught Brownie Troop # 882 about scouting, at a birthday
celebration for the founder of Girl Scouting, Juliette Gordon
Lowe. We also shared our Jewish heritage, and learned about
others, by visiting with Junior Troop #218, from St. Stephens
Church.
One of our scouts, Sarah Anderson, was selected for
the Gateway Council’s 6th grade event about Historic St.
Augustine in the 1740’s. She was a guide and teacher to tourists.
Thanks to Janis Fleet and Susan Cohen for serving as
Cookie Moms. Thanks also to Barbara Hunter, Badge Mom
for keeping our records straight, Jill Tager for her help when
we needed it, as well as all the other parents for their wonderful
support of their daughters and Troop 5!
—Helen Shacter and Shirley Jernigan
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
The troop kicked off the year with a camping weekend,
sleeping in tree houses, cooking, hiking and planning activities
that will carry us also through this coming year, The girls were
additionally able to share their Bat Mitzvah and Jewish holiday
experiences with a troop of girls from many other faiths. What
a wonderful experience for all of us in the woods by moonlight
under the stars! Other camp outs followed. Several Cadettes
helped Junior Girl Scouts learn compass skills and
orienteering, and several attended a council-wide Cadette-
Senior Weekend.
Cadette Troop 969 welcomed ten new members this
year! We also “bridged” two girls to Senior Girl Scouts, after
completion of their Silver projects. The Silver award is the,
second highest award in Girl Scouting and is earned at the
Cadette level. Lisa Rand and Crista Cohen completed their
work, a combination of interest patch achievement, service
and leadership, by teaching JJC Boy Scouts first aid
techniques. Congratulations girls!
Girl Scouts participated in several service projects: they
helped kick-off the Baptist/St. Vincent’s Health System-United
Way campaign by serving as greeters, serving refreshments
and manning a booth at a rally at the JCA, and participated in
a Good Will clothing drive. Crista also gave the invocation at
the National Conference honoring local Christian and Jewish
youth who had earned their religious awards in Boy and Girl
Scouting. Crista spoke on what the Menorah award (the
religious award for Jewish Girl Scouts) meant to her.
Girl Scouting affords friendship, fun, learning and
leadership opportunities for girls! We hope you will join us!
Girls in grades 7-12 are invited to participate in the
Jacksonville Jewish Center’s first Cadette/Senior Girl Scout
troop. Contact Karen Southall, leader, at 292-1337 or Jan
Lipsky, co-leader, at 268-7225.
Junior Girls Scout Troop 5 had a great time earning their badges
103
