Community Agencies
Jewish Community Alliance
8505 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone: (904) 730-2100 • Fax: (904) 730-2444
www.JaxJewish.org/jca
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
— Board of Directors —
Executive Committee
Irene Jaffa
President
Ira Goldfield
Vice President
Stephen Goldman
Vice President
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President
Ernest Brodsky
Vice President
Randee Steinberg
Secretary
Sherwin L. Burman
Treasurer
Kenneth Jacobs
Assistant Secretary/Treasurer
David A. Stein
Lois Chepenik
Bruce Warschoff
Mark Green
Howard I. Korman
Past Board Presidents
The JCA continues to grow and change, to strengthen our Jewish commitment and
Jewish involvement. We also continue to make improvements to our building, equipment,
programs, services, and staff.
Our identity is important. From the moment you enter the JCA, you are met with
positive affirmation of Jewish culture and heritage. Jewish music and videos are played
continuously in the lobby. The lobby is decorated for each Jewish holiday as part of our
celebration, and as a way of introducing some to, and rekindling others with, the important
cycle of events in the Jewish year. There is a “hamisha” feeling, as we serve people of all
ages — from 6 week old babies to senior adults.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life, culture,
and community, (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish community, (3)
enhance the quality of life for all segments of the community, and (4) strengthen family
life. The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality programs for
people of all ages including: child care and family programs; fitness and recreational
facilities and activities; Jewish education, culture and arts programs; and by providing a
place for family, “neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
It is with great pride that we are able to work with the Jacksonville Jewish Center
and other Jacksonville synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational
programs and holiday celebrations.
The JCA was freed of its mortgage debt this year thanks to a group of visionary
leaders. We now move into the next century to continue our mission of service to the
Jewish Community and all our members. A sliding fee scale is available to make
membership affordable to all. We invite you to be a part of the JCA — after all — YOU
ALREADY BELONG. Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
The River Garden Auxiliary is unique. It began in 1922 with a small
group of ladies who called themselves the Ladies Hebrew Home Sheltering
Aid Society. The Group was formed to help care for the 12 residents in the
house on Riverside Ave. Today our goals remain the same, to enhance the
daily lives of each and every resident.
As volunteers, we care for our own and any one else who needs our
tender loving care. The Auxiliary has so many examples of caring people
serving the needs of our residents, caring unselfishly and with great tenderness.
Auxiliary volunteers give of their time willingly and with love, a fact of which
we are so proud. The Auxiliary also gives financial support for ancillary
needs and services for the residents.
Caring and Sharing, the perfect way to bring happiness and joy into
someone’s day. As part of the Auxiliary, you can make a difference.
— Gayle D. Bailys, Auxiliary President
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers
President:
V.P. Fundraising:
V.P. Membership:
V.P. Service Coordinator:
Treasurer:
Financial Secretaries:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Gayle Bailys
Andrea Raitt
Evelyn Meisel
Ruth Nachman
Nancy Mizrahi
Mary Selber
Sandi Roth
Fran Leibowitz
Sharon Seebol
193
