Community Agencies
Jewish Family & Community Services
3601 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32257-5582 • Phone 448-1933
Iris T. Young, Executive Director
Jewish Family & Community Services strives to be pro-active in meeting the
needs of the Jewish community. The agency is both visionary and responsive.
Adoption
JFCS continues to place babies into loving homes across the country. The decision
to adopt is highly personal, and the agency treats adoptive parents and birthparents
with respect and consideration.
Bus Rental
If you’re facing the daunting challenge of shuttling guests and family to and from life
cycle events and family gatherings, remember that the JFCS buses are available to rent.
Catering Service
Need a caterer for brunches, engagement parties, bar and bat mitzvahs and other
life cycle events? JFCS will provide delicious food, tastefully presented, while
observing dietary laws.
Community Kosher Nutrition Program
CKNP continues to provide hot, delicious, kosher meals to the seniors in our community.
The program creates a friendly, social environment centered around nutrition.
Counseling
JFCS may be best known for its quality mental health services. A staff of caring,
qualified professionals works with individuals, couples, families and children.
Services include pre-marital counseling, divorce mediation, custody home studies,
grief counseling and family counseling. Confidentiality is always guaranteed, and
most insurance plans are accepted.
Feed A Needy Neighbor
Thanks to donations of cash and non-perishable food items from a concerned
community, JFCS provides emergency groceries to families and individuals
experiencing difficult times.
Planned Lifetime Assistance Network
PLAN enables individuals to arrange for the future care of themselves or their
loved ones. Children of aging parents or relatives of disabled individuals can contract
with JFCS to ensure that the financial and social needs of these individuals are
taken care of throughout the course of their lives.
Senior Transportation
JFCS still transports seniors to religious services, medical appointments, shopping
centers and recreational activities for a very affordable fee. The Shalom Shuttle
and Mitzvah Mobile are air-conditioned, handicap-accessible buses operated by
courteous, professional drivers who provide door-to-door service.
Support Groups
Sometimes the best way to tackle a problem is to talk with others facing the same
situation. JFCS offers a variety of support groups, ranging from Age Spot for adult
children of aging parents to Camp Whatchamacallit for adopted and foster kids.
JFCS Officers 1999-2000
President
Gary Wilkinson
First Vice President
Mark Shorstein
VP/Mental Health Director
Dr. Michael Solloway
Treasurer
Michael Lissner
Vice Presidents:
Lawrence Ansbacher Debbie Gottlieb
David Cohen Sandy Kesler
Stuart Herman Dr. Ben Lewis
Nathan Goldman Richard Salkin
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904) 733-6696
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens apartments
was designed, even to the smallest detail,
to provide comfortable and pleasant
surroundings. From the initial concept,
Mt. Carmel Gardens has strived to create
respectable living for the elderly
community, providing more than
housing. Mt. Carmel Gardens offers a
17-story building on a beautifully
landscaped site, 24-hour staffing,
community facilities, and planned
programs, all of which were developed
as part of an over-all concept.. .a concept
of responding to the desires of retirees
for security, comfort, safety,
independence and the enrichment of
stimulating social-recreational activities
shared with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is conve¬
niently located, with transportation,
shopping, hospital and doctor’s offices
nearby.
Mt. Carmel Officers
and Board of Directors:
Jack Coleman, President
Brian Benwick, 1st Vice President
Gerald Levin, 2nd Vice President
Terri Poster-Taylor, Secretary
Dr. Ben Lewis, Treasurer
Members:
Louise Axelberg
Debbi Carter
Dolores Dworetsky
Nathan Franzblau
Ardene Halpern
Francis L. “Len” Loving
Jim O’Steen
Ruth Slutzah
David Thorny
George Thornton
197
