Community Organizations
Hadassah
National Council of Jewish Women
“Hadassah has always been an important bridge to peace.
By treating all people without regard to nationality or religion—
Hadassah has shown the world what peace in the Middle East
will look like.” -Yitzchak Rabin, Jerusalem, 1994.
Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity —
we must actively pursue righteousness and justice at home, in
the, community, and in the world. In this tradition, Hadassah
was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold to bring public health
services to pre-state Israel. Today, more than 300,000 American
women support our network of Israel projects in addition to
our volunteer work at home. Across the US, Hadassah promotes
health education, community service, and Jewish education and
research. Hadassah advocates on issues ranging from Israel-
US relations to First Amendment protections to women’s rights
and health concerns.
One by one, we must each take responsibility for
transforming hopes, promises, and echoes into deeds.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites your participation in one of our
four groups: Hannah Senesch, Shir Li, Tikva, and Nurse’s
Council.
For information please contact any of our presidents:
Chapter Phyllis Goldberg and Robin Morris
Hannah Senesch Esther Glasser and Mozella Hayes
Shir Li Robin Allerding
Tikva contact Janis Dorman
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah Board:
The National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW)-
Jacksonville Section, Inc. is a volunteer organization, inspired
by Jewish values, that works through a program of research,
education, advocacy, and community service to improve the
quality of life for women, children and families, and strives to
ensure individual rights and freedoms for all.
The Jacksonville section was established in 1939, and
has been involved in the following programs:
• Tutoring “at risk” girls at PACE to provide them with a
second chance to earn a diploma and job skills;
• Bringing kosher meals, as well as a caring word, to the
homebound (Kosher Kart);
• Starting a model program, later adopted nationwide, to
provide abused children with a voice in the court system
(Guardian Ad Litem);
• Bringing the Home Instructional Program for Preschool
Youngsters (HIPPY), a school-readiness program for at risk
4 and 5 year olds to Jacksonville;
• Spearheading advocacy efforts at the local, state, and
national levels for programs and policies which impact our
six priority areas, which include women’s issues, children
and youth, health and aging, constitutional rights, Jewish
Life, and Israel;
• Provide educational monthly programs to educate the
community about a variety of topics.
For information, contact Ellen Rubens —737-1552 or
the NCJW Action Line — 443-2820
1999-2000 NCJW Officers
Education VP Etta Drashin
Fundraising VP Helen DuBow
Treasurer Ellen Rosner
Records Janis Dorman
Corresponding Stella Finck
Recording Joanne Rosenberg
Social Marjie Rogozinski
Life Membership Pearl Marton
American Affairs
Arlene Yegelwel
Zionist Affairs Iris Kraemer
Wills & Bequests
Wendy Honigman
JNF Trees Rubye Safer
Young Judaea Eta Perras
Hadassah Associates
Lillian Meizlik
Israel Bonds Evelyn Moskovitz
Hadassah Supplies Dse Gottlieb
Dollar Power Store Rhoda Kagan
Major Gifts Joan Waitz
Parliamentarian Barbara Safer
Nominating Comm.
June Shenkman
Bulletin Editor
Melanie Livingstone
President
Co-VP’s Community Service
VP Membership
VP Fundraising
Co-VP’s Programming
VP Public Affairs
Treasurer
Corresponding Sec.
Financial Secretary
Recording Secretary
Social Secretary
Bulletin Editor
Ellen Rubens
Beverly Brinn, Susan Edelman
Sonya Cohen
Janice Meisel
Debbie Banks, Marjie Rogozinski
Gloria Einstein
Kathy Cohen
Lisa Hochman, Robin Shorstein
Sandra Morgan
Sherry Herring
Elaine Barnert
Debbie Goldstein
Alexandra’s
W Eleos‘slysls
QjnftmtfecT
1®^ We Bring People And Nature Together*
ALEXANDRA STOLYARSKY
Jim and Jo Ann Radcliffe
Licensed Electrologist
sterile instruments, disposable needles
Owners
Sunbeam Professional Center
3948 Sunbeam Road, Ste 5
1610 University Boulevard West • Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Jacksonville, FL 32257
904-739-BIRD • FAX 904-739-3610
(904) 292-2400
Bird Baths, Birdfeeders, Birdseed, Nature Gifts
200
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
