OFFICERS 1971-72
President Rochelle Zucker
Vice-President Karen Fleischer
Vice-President Mitch Kowitz
Vice-President Seth Lazarus
Recording Secretary .— Karen Mizrahi
Corresponding Secretary Lin Levine
Treasurer Donald Zimmerman
Advisors Gail Price, Rhoda and Arthur Goldstein
Members of the Charles Palot Club have had a very
exciting year fulfilling the three-fold purpose of the
United Synagogue Youth program: learning more
about our Judaic heritage, helping others and social
activities.
Varied programs throughout the year included
guest speakers on the subjects of mental retardation,
cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophy and dating prob¬
lems. Social programs included “The Dating Game,”
“Sensetivity,” a picnic at the Zoo, bowling and a swim
party at the home of Donald Zimmerman. Two excel¬
lent study weekends were held at the Center South-
side Site. The topics discussed were “Interdating” and
“Observance of Traditional Sabbath.”
Members also actively participated in National and
Regional Conventions and were co-hosts with our
Senior Chapter, C.Y.L., to the Tri-City Regional Con¬
vention held in Jacksonville June 15-16 with over 150
USY’ers attending from Tampa, St. Petersburg, Or¬
lando, Lakeland, Daytona and Jacksonville. During the
summer months USY’ers attended Camps Ramah and
Leadership Training Institute.
Many thanks are due the Advisors for their time
and direction given to our Club. We look forward to
their continued leadership for the coming year and wish
them and all friends of U.S.Y. a Shana Tova.
<J\Vadi
ivna
U. S. %
Kadima, the youngest Center U.S.Y. group was
reactivated this past year. This group, for seventh
graders only, came back strong with a constant variety
of activities. Enthusiastic leadership included: Michael
Shorstein, President; Richard Ansbacher, Vice-Presi¬
dent; Sam Jacobson, Treasurer and Holly Ruby, Sec¬
retary. Advisors were Mrs. Lewis Ansbacher, Mrs.
Richard Goldstein and Janice Mizrahi.
The fall meetings included a trip to the Zoo and
selling toys for the Day School. “The Great Dreidle,”
an original play, was presented at the Sisterhood
Hanukah Supper, and a Valentine’s Day Dance added
glitter to the social calendar. Working on the Purim
Fair booths, holding a car wash, Israeli singing and
planning a spring Banquet kept all the members busy.
Newly elected officers were installed at a well at¬
tended dinner-dance and the 7th graders turned over
Kadima to a very competent new group. Kadima had
meant fun and friendship within a Jewish atmosphere
and they look forward to the Charles Palot Club.
The 7th graders had a “Farewell Swim Party” given
by member Robert Zimmerman while the new Kadima
group planned a kickoff for late summer member en¬
rollment. The officers for this year are: Brian Haft,
President; Elyse Backer, Vice-President; Roland Miz¬
rahi and Bud Wolf son, Secretaries; and Mitchell Ben¬
son, Treasurer. The new advisors are Mrs. Larry Haft
and Mrs. Richard Goldstein.
103
