President Bert Whitfield
Vice-Presidents Bennett Hirsh
Lawrence Jaben
Dr. David Konigsburg
Dr. Morris Price
LAWRENCE RACKOW
Director
Treasurer
Edward Siegel
BERT WHITFIELD
President
Founded in 1917, the JFCS has had a long tradi¬
tion of helping the members of the Jewish community
face and overcome their personal and interpersonal
problems. With the changing conditions and new or
increased knowledge, new programs and techniques
were added. In its 54th year, with the addition of
Mrs. Jane Staly to the staff we were able to add to
our traditional case work technique of individual per¬
sonal interviews and family therapy, joint therapy for
certain marital cases and co-joint therapy with a Teen
Age Rap and Encounter Group that has been in ex¬
istence since December 1970. We believe these are
most effective and valuable tools.
distribute the greatly increasing amount of clothing
to needy families, visiting the secluded sick and older
people on our Friendly Visiting Program, taking them
to doctors, hospitals and meetings and bringing medi¬
cines to families with limited incomes. A very generous
donor has enabled us to supply medcines for those un¬
able to secure funds to pay for certain prescribed
medicines that have to be taken in large quantities
and for those whose limited income makes it impos¬
sible to receive them through regular channels. The
regular and continuing actions of these two men have
truly been in the highest tradition and an inspiration
to all concerned.
Our monthly visits with the Jewish patients at the
State Hospital in Macclenny have proven to be effec¬
tive and popular with the non-Jewish as well as the
Jewish patients and have given the Jewish patients a
sense of belonging and hope. With the wonderful pro¬
gram of River Garden, we believe we have helped move
the last of the older Jewish patients back to our own
community and have watched with great satisfaction
their truly remarkable change in behavior and outlook
towards life.
We have had trouble in getting volunteers to reg¬
ularly lead weekly services for the Jewish prisoners at
Raiford. The riots and the ensuing discontent of the
Jewish prisoners at being the only major religious
group that could not hold weekly services caused us
to renew our efforts. With the help of Walter Levy
and Norman Moss and others we have been assured
of at least two meetings a month. The interest of
Samuel Rosenthal and Barney Gorenstein and others
who try to come from time to time gives hope that
we will be able to achieve this goal this year.
Walter Levy, in semi retirement, wholeheartedly
and faithfully gives us three days a week helping to
The tight labor market, inflation and the ironic
effect of the increased social security grants cutting
off and making inelligible large numbers of senior citi¬
zens from welfare grants helped raise our expenditures
for financial assistance to its highest point in our his¬
tory.
The Agency is currently offering the following
services:
1. Family and Individual Counseling.
2. Vocational and Employment Counseling.
3. Service to Senior Citizens in their own homes.
4. River Garden admissions.
5. Adoption program.
6. Foster Home Care.
7. Short term financial assistance.
8. Service to transients.
9. Service to prisoners at Raiford.
10. Service to patients at Macclenny.
11. Day Camp scholarships and College Loans.
12. Friendly Visiting.
13. Teen Age Rap and Encounter Group.
When you buy Ask For.
Compliments of:
BANANA PROCESSSORS
Jacksonville Produce Terminal
Tel. 356-8477
West Indies Fruit Co. of Jacksonville
175
