OFFICERS
President
First Vice President
Second Vice President ..
Third Vice President ....
Recording Secretary
Financial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
General Treasurer
Projects Treasurer
... Mrs. Paul J. Witten
Mrs. Gerald Glickstein
... Mrs. H. C. Sims, III
Mrs. Robert Kogan
... Mrs. William Dubow
Mrs. Herman Paul
Mrs. Sam Witten
Mrs. Roy Sloat
Mrs. Lawrence Richter
River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged this year
marked an historic milestone by celebrating its 25th
anniversary in our community. Even more important,
River Garden Auxiliary, the founding organization
behind the Home, marked its 50th year of service lo¬
cally.
Originally, Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society,
River Garden Auxiliary was established to give shel¬
ter, loving care, companionship and medical care to
our elderly and infirm. They have continued to be
the guiding light in maintaining a personal “Home”
atmosphere instead of permitting an institutional at¬
mosphere to prevail.
The Auxiliary comes to the fore in providing extra-
budgetary needs such as furnishings, decorations,
linens, hobby shop items, etc.
The Auxiliary contributes not only financially to
the Home, but also sponsors activity and volunteer
programs. Golden Sunshine meetings are held weekly.
The Red Cross Volunteer Program helps in yet another
way to personalize life for the residents. Special holi¬
days, such as Mother’s Day, are celebrated for all —
whether they have family or not.
The Auxiliary has established an outstanding pre¬
cedent during the past 50 years and looks forward to
continuing their work in even more productive ways
during the next 50 or more.
POEMS
By Isaac Kabbany
OUR IMMORTAL SOUL
The High Supreme Creature is infinite living power
GOD IS ALL IN ALL, ruling the highest tower.
A molecule will be developed into crawling animal
Animal will be developed whispering in the tropical.
An instinct animal will be developed into talkative bird.
A sensitive soul will come next to the THIRD.
He is a giant and brain builder.
Rolling around the earth and always wonder.
We call him ADAM, developed from the ground,
Eve comes next by power of ELOCHAI.
A living soul wants to get all the mountain
By his hand by his brain digging deep in fountain.
A man as the grass will dry
His physical body will go for ever and die.
His soul still living from the great ocean
GOD giving to him in one motion.
His act will be carried on to the Supreme FATHER
Which is by the suffering MOTHER.
His remembrance of Soul will go from generation to generation
Is appreciated in Heaven as the heart in palpitation.
When we say the Kaddish and
Our voice will go far away above the clouds.
REINCARNATION
The childrens’ soul will bring the experience of their
past ancestors
So to reunite as brothers and sisters.
One will become a great musician
Another an enormous physician.
One will become a teacher
Another a public speaker.
One is rude as the oil crude
Another stubborn from manhood.
WHY?
Both from the same mother
One is sand spur, the other is pretty flower.
Who knows but GOD—in this great world we have.
179
