C7L 9QMvs V«9*
Dear Friends:
It hardly seems a year since I have become your
Rabbi. In the short time Elaine and I have been here,
we have come to know and love many of you, to enjoy
working and building with you, and to feel a part of
this community. We have seen great progress in the
year now ending, but much more remains to be done.
I will need the cooperation and devoted self-sacrifice of
every Center member in order to achieve the great
goals I have for our Synagogue-Center.
I pray that the year 5732 will bring peace to Israel,
freedom for the Jews imprisoned in the Soviet Union,
a total end to American involvement in Indo-China,
and peace and harmony in the cities and streets of
our great nation. We as Jews have much to contribute
to these causes. Our awareness, our concern and our
action in the coming 12 months will be a part of the
solution of the world’s many problems.
During 5732 we will be trying to increase attend¬
ance at Sabbath services, to strengthen our religious
education program for children and adults, and to
serve Jacksonville Jewry the best way we can. With¬
out doubt the most important project we shall under¬
take this year will be the raising of the funds neces¬
sary to create a new building complex for our worship,
education and recreational activities. Our new build¬
ing on State Road 13 will help assure the success of
Jewish life and of Judaism in this community. It will
give us the facilities and the motivation to improve
our total Jewish program. I truly believe that it will
mark the beginning of a new and glorious chapter in
the life of Jacksonville Jewry.
It is to this task that all of us must give ourselves
earnestly and totally during the coming year. We pray
that God will strengthen us and inspire us to build a
great House of God to enrich our lives and to imbue
each of us with a sense of holiness in our everyday
living. May the year 5732 bring to each of you peace
and contentment, happiness and good health, and the
opportunity to perform good deeds.
Faithfully,
Rabbi
9
