he Cewie»* <2^oy (3
amp
%
MRS. LOUIS SLOTT
Program Director
CAMP IS A CHILD’S WORLD
The magic formula for Camping begins with the
observation that Camp is a Child’s World. It is a great
relief to escape from the huge, complex, tense and
troubled world in which we all live. Adult-centered,
often scary to adults themselves, that world is beyond
the ability of many children really to understand and
adjust to.
Camp is so different. It is, first of all, quite small.
Any child can see its limits and achieve a feeling of
belonging within them. At Camp, everything revolves
around the child and his group. It is child-centered. A
child can understand it. Just this atmosphere en¬
hances his sense of worth as a human being and en¬
hances the development of his personality.
The Center Day Camp has been in continuous
operation since 1946. Located on the Center’s South-
side Site at 10149 State Road #13, the Camp is situ¬
ated in lovely natural surroundings which are most
conducive to camping fun.
During nine weeks of the summer, children of the
Jacksonville Jewish community have an opportunity
to spend their time in a creative Jewish atmosphere.
Services are conducted each morning, the Birchat
ha’motzi and Birchat ha’mazon are chanted by the
campers at meals, Shabbat is observed by lighting the
Shabbat candles, chanting the Kiddush and having a
special program with singing and dancing, and Tisha
B’Av is solemnly observed at our own Kotel ha’Maravi
(Western Wall). In addition, Hebrew instruction is
given to all who request or require it. Campers experi¬
ence the joy of Judaism in an informal atmosphere, in
Machonim Variety Skit
the hope that they will grow to appreciate their heri¬
tage and delve deeper into it.
The Camp has the finest facilities for growth in
other areas as well. An Olympic size swimming pool,
water-skiing, sports and arts and crafts are a few of
the many activities available to campers. Traditional
camp activities such as camp-outs and an end-of-camp
Color War help make Camp an enriching, fun-filled
experience for each camper. Each summer, field trips
are taken to places of interest in the Jacksonville area.
During the past summer, trips were taken to St.
Augustine and Fort Castillo de San Marcos, Fort-
George Island and the Kingsley Plantation, and the
Jacksonville Naval Air Station.
We plan to add many new activities in the future
and hope you will let your children join us for many
hours of fun and enjoyment at the Center Day Camp.
Melvin Glazer, Program Director and Camper
115
