f •
nai
A. B. WEIL LODGE No. 800
OFFICERS
President Hy W. Kliman
President-Elect Jack Coleman
Financial Secretary Victor Hubsch
Treasurer Joe P. Safer
Secretary H. T. Freedman
Chaplain Rabbi Israel Kaplan
Membership Hyman Selber
Scholarship Leonard Cohn
Community & Veteran Service Edward Mass
Anti-Defamation League Ira Loeb
Legal Advisor Arthur Hurwitz
Hillel Martin Glickstein
B.B.Y.O Richard Axelberg
Education and Religious Jack Becker
Publicity Samuel Rosenthal
Pro gram-Luncheons Emanuel Ehrlich
Program-General Arvin K. Roth child
A firm foundation for exceptional potential growth
has been established during the 1970 Lodge year, and
we are looking forward to a year of great success.
Our Local Scholarship Fund Committee has just
completed a very successful year. We are again look¬
ing forward to working with the prospective Jewish
college students of our community.
S ‘ritk
HY W. KLIMAN
President
We are anticipating a very active and meaningful
year for Hillel on the J.U. campus. The Hillel Com¬
mittee is armed with both youth and experience, and
we are looking forward to outstanding achievements.
Through our Community and Veteran Service
Committee, we paid tribute to outstanding students
and citizens of Jacksonville during the past year.
Our Anti Defamation League Committee remained
ever vigilant last year, and our experienced A.D.L.
group this year, is prepared to ably represent us as
situations develop.
We sincerely trust that 1971-72 year will prove to
be a very successful one in regards to general member¬
ship and in over all accomplishments in our commu¬
nity.
SAMUEL W. WOLFSON LODGE NO. 2588
OFFICERS
President Norman I. Brody
1st Vice-President Dr. Henry Wengrow
2nd Vice-President Edward J. Grenadier
3rd Vice-President Barth A. Weinberg
Recording Secretary Edward J. Witten
Treasurer George Glossman
Financial Secretary Marshall Fox
Corresponding Secretary Alfred Freidlin
Warden Bernard Nachmaan
Chaplain E. Charles Oberdorfer
Board Members
Paul Isaacs, Warren Schulman, W. A. Gartner,
Ronald Katz, Robert I. Roth, Gerald Schemer,
Dennis Wolf son and Jack Levine
Dear Center Members:
It is with great pleasure that I write this letter as
President of Samuel W. Wolfson Lodge of B’nai B’rith
for inclusion in your Year Book. On behalf of all our
members I wish to extend our greetings to all the
Center members for a Happy and Prosperous New
Year.
Our past year has been highlighted by a very suc¬
cessful fund raising affair, our annual Art Auction at
Beauclerc Country Club. In addition, the Lodge has
helped sponsor a community wide Israel Independence
Day celebration in conformity with our concept of
community service, distributed tickets to the Family
and Children's Service and to the River Garden Home
for use by their people.
Under the direction of State President Robert I.
Roth, Dr. Henry Wengrow completed and presented
at the annual State Convention an exhaustive in-depth
study of B’nai B’rith in Florida. New constitutional
amendments were presented for state consideration in
changing B’nai B’rith to be more responsive to its
members in Florida.
187
