WHY WE MUST BUILD
There comes a time in the life of a synagogue, as in the
life of an individual, that moves must be made and
directions changed if the needs of the future are to be
met. Such a time is now at hand for our synagogue.
It is not enough in planning for the future physical
plant needs of the synagogue to think in terms of the
next ten years or even twenty-five years. Its planning
must encompass at least two new generations, or a
period of at least fifty years. Such planning demands
foresight and imagination, but above all it demands
a willingness of its present members to assume the
responsibility for coming generations as well as for
its own generation. Even more important, however,
is the demand to ask ourselves in the words of Hillel,
“if not now, when?”
With the urban redevelopment now beginning adjacent
to the Center location and with the Junior College ex¬
pansion program scheduled across the park from us,
there will be no better time than now for the synagogue
to dispose of its present plant.
A far more important reason, however, for the im¬
mediate launching of this effort to secure new facilities
is the compelling needs for updating the present facili¬
ties. It might be well to list the elements which consti¬
tute this updating.
1. The Jewish population has not only moved to
the San Jose area, but there is every indica¬
tion that this trend will continue in a southerly
direction. This should place our site on State
Road 13 within the center of what should be¬
come the area of greatest Jewish concentration.
Such a location will no doubt greatly enhance
the effectiveness of every facet of our program.
2. Any successful synagogue program demands
considerable space and land areas. Extensive
outdoor recreational and athletic facilities are
an absolute must for the school and Center
programs of our synagogue. Fortunately, these
facilities are already installed and ready to be
integrated with these school and Center pro¬
grams. Extensive and easily accessible parking
is a must for any program. The construction of
all facilities on a one-floor level is extremely
desirable. Sufficient areas for providing natural
landscaping is helpful in adding new dimen¬
sions in the use of all facilities. Adequate space
is necessary to create buffer zones to insulate
the synagogue’s usages from the influence of
outside and adjacent properties.
3. Now that the Center’s educational program has
been expanded to include a complete ele¬
mentary and pre-elementary day school pro¬
gram, the physical plant must keep pace. The
new school facilities now being built represent
tremendous changes both in concept and space
requirements. These newer type facilities are a
must if our school is to develop in the manner
envisioned by all of us.
4. The present Auditorium facilities do not meet
the expanding needs of the congregation. Our
present multi-purpose facilities have served the
congregation well but today much more and
better facilities are needed. There is a need for
multi-purpose facility for use by the school for
its recreational, cafeteria, indoor play, and
athletic programs. This type facility should be
separate from the Auditorium and available for
use in the general Center program. At the same
time, however, there is a need for Auditorium
facilities with the necessary decor and beauty
so as to make it possible for the functions, both
of the congregation and its individual members,
to be held within the synagogue in an atmos¬
phere equal to those available in hotels and
country clubs.
Such an Auditorium should also be located so
that it can be combined with the sanctuary in
making it possible for the entire congregation
to be seated together for one combined service.
5. There are many other needs, such as the need
for improved and expanded chapel facilities,
the need for an expanding library service for
Adults and students and the need for additional
office and administrative space. Many more
needs could be listed but only the most im¬
portant and obvious have been mentioned.
Important conclusions become obvious — the need
is here and the financial ability of the congregation to
provide for its needs is unquestioned. The only ques¬
tion to be determined is whether the membership has
the vision, the imagination, and above all, the desire
to begin now to meet the needs of the present and the
future.
30
