OFFICERS
Chewier
President Bruce Horovitz
Vice-President Janice Mizrahi
Vice-President .... Martin Leibowitz
Vice-President Edith Gendzier
Treasurer Skippy Miller
Corresponding Secretary Karen Cohen
Recording Secretary Michelle Ansbacher
BRUCE HOROVITZ
Dear Friends:
Article II, of the Center Youth League Constitu¬
tion, states the following: The aims of the United
Synagogue Youth is to offer opportunities to the Jew¬
ish youth to continue to strengthen his identification
with Judaism and with the Synagogue as the central
agency of Jewish life in America, and to give Jewish
youth an awareness of the essential harmony between
the ideals and traditions of Judaism and American
Democracy.
I strongly feel that the past year the Jacksonville
US.Y. began to undertake the task of living up to the
objectives set forth in this constitution. The goal of
our organization was to apply the Jewish ethics to the
pressing problem of the day and to explicitly spell out
this harmony between Jewish ideals and American
Democracy.
This year was topped off with a sub-regional con¬
vention held in Jacksonville on June 13-16. The theme
of the convention was the commandment, “Thou shalt
not separate thyself from the community. Thanks to
the diligent work and concern of the young people in
our congregation, guided and assisted by advisors of
both chapters and a mothers’ committee headed by
Mrs. Albert Levy, youth Vice-President of the Center
Sisterhood, this convention ranked as one of the most
unique in U.S.Y. history.
Our program included a variety of relevant politi¬
cal, religious and social action topics such as Hunger in
America, Racism, Special Education, Counter-Culture,
Soviet Jewry rallies and a Freedom Seder.
I would like to thank my fellow officers and Jack
Mizrahi, Advisor, for the great assistance they gave in
helping to mold our U.S.Y. into one of the most re¬
spected chapters in the south.
The challenges that face us next year are enormous.
The momentum and potential are most definitely
there. We must continue in our positive course to¬
wards a closer identification with our Jewishness and
to apply our ethical and moral concepts to the prob¬
lems that are prevalent in our world. I am looking
forward to working with my new Board and members
to face this challenge so that these ideals set forth
will soon become realities.
Shalom,
Bruce Horovitz
Most Valuable Boy and Girl Awards
Bruce Horovitz and Donna Ansbacher
101
