O. 92. a
OFFICERS — 1971-1972
President Mrs. Kenneth Weinstein
Vice Presidents Mrs. Myron Dunay,
Mrs. Richard Hyken, Mrs. Ronald Katz,
Mrs. Joel Greenhut
Recording Secretary Mrs. Michael Kersun
Corresponding Secretary .... Mrs. Brian Feingold
Treasurer Mrs. Arthur Krull
Financial Secretary Mrs. Robert Greenfield
Parliamentarian Mrs. Philip Bork
Chaplain Mrs. Walter Levy
Now in its sixth year, the Jacksonville Chapter of
Women’s American ORT (Organization for Rehabili¬
tation through Training) is one chapter of many mak¬
ing up the 90,000 nationwide membership enrollment
of an organization that is 91 years old.
Women’s American ORT is a vital life giving or¬
ganization through which over 60,000 students an¬
nually in 693 vocational training installations through¬
out the world as taught skills as varied as cosmetology
and engineering. In addition to learning a trade our
students are given the necessities of life — (food, shel¬
ter, clothing, medical care) as well as recreational and
religious training. Thus, the total individual is reha¬
bilitated. IT IS A CHARITY TO END ALL CHARI¬
TIES!
The most essential aspect of the ORT program
is the cultivation and enrichment of Jewish Iden¬
tification. In these troubled times Jewish youth
throughout the world are experiencing a crisis of iden¬
tification which ORT seeks to resolve through its
constructive, practical, and above all — relevant pro¬
gram. Few organizations are better equipped globally
to counteract this alienation. The Jacksonville Chap¬
ter of ORT embarks this year on an American Affairs
program which will involve community service volun¬
teers in ORT related fields with emphasis on Jewish
youth.
O.R.T. SCHOOL
An enlarged Study Groups program will be offered
to provide opportunities for furthering Jewish studies,
as well as instruction in handcrafts and needlecraft
skills.
Community service and study groups are just two
of our avenues for involvement. Many find our fund
raising activities to be most rewarding. To help meet
our financial assignments locally, we conduct several
projects throughout the year. Our on going project of
ORT cookbooks (compiled by Jax ORT members)
sales will benefit the ORT School of Engineering being
built on the campus of the Hebrew University in Is¬
rael. Our single largest project this year will be our
annual Art Show and Auction to provide funds for
maintaining the ORT schools. Of every dollar raised
through these functions, 90% goes to the ORT pro¬
gram.
For every two people joining ORT, another child
can be accepted in an O.R.T. school somewhere. Our
open meetings are usually the second Monday of each
month September through May. Won’t you join us?
195
