s.
enior
President Mrs. Lewis I. Meisel
V ice-Presidents:
Fund Raising Mrs. Saul Eisen
Membership Mrs. Ronald Levin
Programming Mrs. Sam Rosenthal
Education Mrs. A. J. Bloom
Secretaries:
Social Mrs. Albert Kofka
Recording Mrs. Richard Blustein
Corresponding Mrs. Edwin Presser
Financial Mrs. Murray Shenkman
Treasurer Mrs. Barry Zisser
In all fifty states and in the commonwealth of
Puerto Rico more than 318,000 women pledge their
interest and energy to the multi-faceted goals of Ha-
dassah. Their commitment takes various forms and is
interpreted in many different ways. Some volunteer in
a school lunch program — thus participating in the
Hadassah “Action” program on the American scene.
A workshop in fundraising techniques, a campaign to
counter Arab propaganda, a forum on innovations in
the Youth Aliyah program — these interests and more
concern the modern Hadassah woman.
In Israel Hadassah signifies dedication and prog¬
ress. To the young people of Israel, surrounded by the
demands of war, yet ever hopeful of a life of peace,
Hadassah means training and education, a modem cre¬
ative approach to knowledge and the wonder of learn¬
ing. To the young soldier, wounded in battle, Hadas-
sah’s medical resources may mean survival.
Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Through every crisis, Hadassah members continue
to regard Zionism as a living idea and are committed
to the basic tenets of Zionism — that the Jewish
people is one people and that Israel is its spiritual and
cultural center.
Jacksonville chapter of Hadassah is proud of the
past highly successful year. All quotas were met and
oversubscribed. On the social scene, Cafe Sabra was a
shining event of the year. Our always popular summer
book reviews continue to entertain and educate and
are open to everyone. The Hadassah Bazaar, located
at.411 Main St., has been refurbished and revitalized
and continues to be a source of profit and satisfaction.
Hadassah meets the second Tuesday of each month
from September through May.
<3~Cannah
cncsc
It <£
venincji
President Mrs. Alfred Rosenzweig
Vice Presidents:
Fund Raising Miss Kate Bandrimer
Membership Mrs. David Moed
Education Mrs. Minna Geller
Program Mrs. George Ringold
Treasurer Mrs. Milton Lipkowitz
Secretaries:
Financial Mrs. Abe Sinoff
Recording Mrs. Martha Silver
Corresponding Mrs. Albert Bressler
Honorary Vice President and
Donor Chairman Mrs. Lottie Salzman
This evening group of Hadassah is a vital part of the Jacksonville Chapter.
It provides opportunity for active participation in Hadassah work to those
women who are unable to attend day-time meetings. The programs for each
meeting are carefully planned to include educational and fund raising
themes. They feature interesting speakers, movies, and book reviews. A so¬
cial hour follows each meeting and newcomers and guests are always
welcome.
185
