CTlte CL
enter
JU,
en s
OFFICERS
President Stanley Greenfield
Vice-President Harvey Sheldon
Vice-President Dr. Michael Greenburg
Vice-President Stewart Goldberg
Treasurer Albert Wolf son
This year we hope to have a full and successful
program. We are looking forward to many outstanding
speakers and panel discussions and other interesting
activities.
As always, the major concern of the Men’s Club
has been the youth of the Center. We hope to spon¬
sor events to improve our facilities, promote Boy
Scouts and other youth organizations, and provide a
social outlet for our members of the synagogue.
STANLEY GREENFIELD
During this past year we had some fine meetings
and programs. A lecture and film on “Youth and
Drugs Today” in which Sheriff Dale Carson spoke to
us on the problems of youth and narcotics. Another
program was the presentation of tapes from Israel and
the Near East. Two films were presented: “Struggle
for Israel” which told the story of the history and
development of the State of Israel, and “Strike Zion”
which was shown at the Little Theatre of the Civic
Auditorium, a story of the Six Day War.
The Sports Banquet was the outstanding event of
the year. 230 awards were given to the Center children
of all ages for their participation in the sports program
during the year. At the Banquet Coach Wasdin of
Jacksonville University was unable to attend but was
represented by Pembrooke Burroughs, Chipper Dub¬
lin, Ed Fleming and Harold Fox and Assistant Coach
Jim Watson. Also we honored Timothy Riley and
Morris Montford for 25 years of service to the Center.
A view of the Sports Award Ban¬
quet in Setzer Auditorium.
Head table at the Banquet: Left
to Right: Mrs. Elkins, Rabbi D. P.
Elkins, Mr. Jim Watson, Sidney
Cohen, who was in charge of the
Banquet; Morris Montford and
Timothy Riley.
Morris Montford and Timothy Riley with the plaques presented to them
at the Sports Award Banquet. From left to right: Rabbi D. P. Elkins, Mrs.
Elkins, Morris Montford, Wilbur Margol, President of the Center, Timothy
Riley and Sidney Cohen.
39
