SAMUEL ROSENTHAL
President Ben Friedman
Vice President Joel L. Goldman
Vice President Richard S. Jaffa
Vice President Hyman Selber
Secretary Mrs. Michael Donziger
Treasurer Joe P. Safer
Executive Director .... Samuel J. Rosenthal
BEN FRIEDMAN
Honorary Presidents
Morton R. Hirschberg, Alexander Brest, P. N.
Coleman, Edgar M. Felson, Harry Gendzier, Al. L.
Schneider, George Richter, Jack Coleman, Leon
Irgang.
B’nai B’rith Wolfson Lodge Norman Brody
B’nai B’rith A. B. Weil Lodge Leonard Cohn
B’nai B’rith Women Mrs. Walter Poe
Jewish Center Sheldon Gendzier
Leo Jacobson
Joel Selber
Barry Sinoff
Center Men’s Club Stanley Greenfield
Center Sisterhood Mrs. Sheldon Gendzier
Etz Chaim Synagogue Jack Levine
Etz Chaim Men’s Club Stephen Davis
Etz Chaim Sisterhood Mrs. Sam Goodfriend
Temple Bennett M. Hirsh
Bert Kaplan
Julius L. Mack, Jr.
Temple Sisterhood Mrs. Irwin Goldberg
Jewish Family & Children’s Services .... Bert Whitfield
Hadassah Mrs. Jack Price
National Council of
Jewish Women Mrs. Jack Coleman
ORT Mrs. Kenneth Weinstein
River Garden Lewis Meisel
River Garden Auxiliary Mrs. Paul Witten
Progressive Credit Union Ed Presser
Zionist Organization of America David Goodman
Jewish War Veterans Victor Hubsch
Members-at-Large: Leonard Barnett, Charles Bay,
Jack Becker, Aaron Block, Bud Goldberg, Jack
Price, Harry Jaffa, Mrs. Myron Rosenberg, Dr.
Roy Sloat, Louis Small, Mrs. Joseph Wilensky.
The Jewish Community Council is the social
planning, community relations and fund raising body
serving the entire Jewish community of Jacksonville
and its environs. Its representative Board of Direc¬
tors is composed of delegates of the major Jewish re¬
ligious, philanthropic and service organizations in the
area, plus members-at-large.
The annual community-wide United Welfare Fund
Campaign provides funds for the support of local, na¬
tional and overseas needs, including the United Jewish
Appeal.
Local beneficiaries receiving funds are River Gar¬
den Home for the Aged, the Jewish Family & Chil¬
dren’s Services. The Council is the sponsoring agency
for the Mount Carmel Gardens.
The Community Calendar and its clearance service
are maintained by the Jewish Community Council to
enable all Jewish organizations in the community to
clear dates for all their events.
The Council publishes the COMMENTATOR, a
newspaper published monthly. It is the official paper
of the Council and its member organizations.
The Council conducts community programs in
celebration of special events and, through its Youth
Division, promotes various programs for the Jewish
youth of all ages.
The Council is a member of the Council of Jewish
Federations and Welfare Funds, The National Jewish
Community Relations Advisory Council and the Com¬
munity Planning Council of the Jacksonville area.
173
