Center Men s Club
OFFICERS
President Alvin Rubin
Vice Presidents Sam Rosenblum
Leonard Rosenberg
Lewis Newman
Secretary Joe Lipson
Treasurer Joe Grossberg
Membership Sec Allie Goldstein
The Center Men’s Club, the service and social organi¬
zation for the male adults of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
is rapidly approaching maturity in its thinking and in its
ideals. Óur Club has become affiliated with the National
Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs, and is taking the lead
in the formation of a Southeastern Region of Men’s Clubs,
by sponsoring the first convention of this body in Jackson¬
ville over the Labor Day week-end.
The Men’s Club seeks to attain the following objectives:
A. Bring renewed Jewish inspiration to the men of the
synagogue by identifying them with the highest so¬
cial, cultural and religious goals of Judaism.
B. Inculcate Jewish men with a more thorough knowl¬
edge and appreciation of their Jewish heritage; deep¬
en their loyalty to the Synagogue and its ideals;
strengthen their Jewish interests and activities.
C. Train Jewish laymen for active responsible leader¬
ship and participation in the Synagogue and com¬
munity.
ALVIN P. RUBIN
D.Incorporate the teachings of Judaism as a vital force
in the lives of their members.
In striving to arrive at the ultimate completion of these
goals, the Men’s Club will have during the year a series of
well planned programs, designed to bring to its membership,
through fellowship and companionship, a working knowl¬
edge of the satisfaction to be derived from conscientious
service to the Synagogue and community.
The focal point of the Men’s Club’s interest lies in the
youth work of the Synagogue. To accomplish this aim, our
Club sponsors the Minyan Club, the annual Sunday School
Awards, the Sunday School picnic, Hebrew School awards,
The Bernard G. Glossman award to an outstanding Scout
of the Synagogue troop, and in addition takes an active in¬
terest in the affairs of the C.Y.L. and Y.P.L.
The Men’s Club has established and maintains a blood
bank for the use of its members and families.
The officers of the Men’s Club pledge their full co¬
operation to the various Synagogue affiliates and to the
Synagogue itself in every endeavor.
COMPLIMENTS OF
JACKSONVILLE WHOLESALE BEER
DEALERS ASSOCIATION
25
