Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
425 Newnan Street
BEN STARK
OFFICERS
Honorary Presidents Alexander Brest, P. N.
Coleman, David Harris, Morton R.
Hirschberg, Leonard Moss, Sam
Wolfson
President Edgar M. Felson
Executive Vice-President Harry Gendzier
Vice-Presidents Mrs. Felix Glickstein,
Sam Green, Sam H. Siegel, Ben B.
Yoffee, J. L. Kipnis - Ben Stein
(Advanced Gifts); Wm. Z. Gold¬
berg - Bert Whitfield - (Men’s Di¬
vision); Mrs. David Rothstein -
Mrs. Phil Sher - Women’s Division
A1 Schneider - Public Relations
Committee
Secretary George B. Miller
Treasurer Philip Bork
Auditor Robert M. Rieders
EDGAR M. FELSON
The Jewish Community Council is the one organization which
speaks for and represents all the Jews of Jacksonville. This is true
whether or not they belong to many different organizations or to
none. It is one of hundreds of Jewish Community Councils
throughout the country, each of which is a member of the parent
organization—the National Council of Jewish Federations and
Welfare Funds.
The Community Council is a democratic organization made up
of representatives of all Jewish groups which in turn elect the offi¬
cers, set the policies and the framework within which the Council
operates. Any activity which concerns the entire Jewish com¬
munity is the direct concern of the Council. As such, it functions
for a larger number and on a broader plane than does any single
organization.
The Council is an incorporated body under the state laws of
Florida and it has its charter, dating back to 1935, from the state
of Florida. Since that date, it has served the Jewry of Jacksonville
in many ways.
The By-Laws of the Community Council best describe its func¬
tions:
1. To help maintain the dignity and integrity of Jewish life;
2. To develop an articulate, intelligent and effective public
opinion on community problems and interests
3. To foster cooperation among all elements in the Com¬
munity of Jacksonville
4. To raise, receive, collect, hold and distribute funds for Jew¬
ish causes, either directly or through presently existing or
subsequently established agencies
5. To enable the Jewish Community of Jacksonville through
coordination of fund-raising activities to meet its obligations
to local, national and overseas causes in an intelligent and
effective manner
6. To cooperate with other agencies for better mutual under¬
standing; and
7. In general, to plan for the welfare and development of the
Community as a whole, engaging in activities as will con¬
tribute to that end.
To carry out these purposes, the Council has created various
structures. The most important has to do with fund-raising. Each
year an annual Campaign is conducted to provide funds for agencies
—some 40 in number—so that they can carry out their objectives.
These include aid for overseas needs through U. J. A., Hadassah
and other groups; combatting anti-Semitism; providing hospital
facilities for the Tubercular and others who are ill; developing
cultural facilities; maintaining religious institutions and, of course,
meeting needs of our own local institutions such as the River
Garden Home. Almost 2 million dollars have been raised for
these several purposes since the inception of your Community
Council.
To carry on its many other activities, the Council has estab¬
lished various committees. The Refugee Committee in past years
has done a most important job in the acceptance, settlement and
integration of over 24 refugee families. It has again accepted ad¬
ditional refugee family units as its responsibility and when these
families arrive, the costs of housing, medical care, education, in fact
the fitting of these families into the American scene will be done
again through the Refugee Committee.
Men and women in the Armed Forces are cared for through
the Armed Services Committee. Home hospitality during the re¬
ligious holiday is provided and other needs of service personnel are
met as the demands arise.
The Public Relations Committee quietly and effectively not only
stands ready to combat anti-Semitism, but has in the past, and is in
the present, active in promoting a positive program within the
general community.
This past year, as a prime example of the high calibre of Coun¬
cil work, a census was taken. The results of that self study were
so well received that requests for the Study were received by many
national organizations, public libraries, including the New York
Public Library and the Study itself was given a national award as
the "best of its kind’’ at a National Convention.
The Commentator, a monthly publication of the Community
Council, has similarly been given national awards as a Community
Newspaper. Serving the Jewish people of Jacksonville, its purpose
is to keep you informed of activities in the Jewish community.
The Community Calendar is another service of the Council and
it has already demonstrated its value by reducing conflicts in dates
between organizations. All organizations now clear dates with the
Council.
In addition to these functions, the Council maintains an up
to the minute list of the entire Jewish Community; brings the
presidents of different organizations together regularly to discuss
mutual problems and, in general, functions as the service organiza¬
tion for the Jewish Community. Perhaps this last can sum up the
Council’s program ... It is essentially a service organization cre¬
ated BY the Jews of Jacksonville, FOR any community-wide pro¬
grams of benefit TO the Jews of Jacksonville.
ÍJ.
113
