A Message From The Rabbi
Summit has become a household word. The hopes for world
peace were focused this summer on the statesmen of the summit
level meeting at Geneva. With the hopes went the prayer of the
millions who inhabit the globe.
How fitting is this mood at the approach to the Jewish New
Year. The key-note of our age-old prayers is "Inscribe Us in the
Book of Life and Peace." May our worship together on Rosh
Hashanah and Yom Kippur lead us to the summit of life’s values—
personal happiness supported by good health, the world’s salvation
founded on peace!
In the Jacksonville Jewish Center fellow-ship we are striving
towards the summit of the aims and purposes of the Synagogue.
Our Sanctuary is about to be adorned by a new Ark and Pulpit.
Our place of worship for year round purposes is to be completely
beautified and appointed. God grant us the insight to seek and de¬
rive spiritual fulfillment in the sacred environs.
Our wish of L’Shanah Tovah embrace the supreme good that the
Almighty can confer from the Summit of the world’s source of
goodness.
The Center in The United Synagogue
Space in this volume is not available to describe the different
ways in which the Jacksonville Jewish Center has established a
place for itself in the National Conservative Judaism movement and
DR. SANDERS A. TOFIELD
its affiliated branches, the Jewish Theological Seminary of America,
the United Synagogue of America and the Rabbinical Assembly of
America. We present here photographs portraying some events in
this field of our endeavor.
Dr. Tofield installs Rabbi Philip Schnairson of Temple Israel, Or¬
lando, Florida, on Nov. 21, 1954. Seated on the pulpit to extreme
right is President Philip Selber, who also brought greetings as Presi¬
dent of the Southeast Region United Synagogue.
Our Rabbi pictured with the delegation that attended the Area Sem¬
inary held at Columbus, Georgia on Feb. 27, 1955, where he deliv¬
ered the keynote address at the luncheon.
Two scenes from the Southeast Region United Synagogue Convention
held at Miami Beach on April 22-24, 1955 appear in lower right.
The Rabbi is conferring with Rabbi Abelson of the North Shore
Congregation, Regional Director of U. S. Y. and with delegates from
Atlanta and Savannah. At this Convention, our Rabbi was elected
President of the Rabbinical Assembly Region, Philip Selber was re¬
elected to the Presidency.
