DR. IRVING DIAMOND
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice President
2nd Vice President
3rd Vice President
Treasurer
Executive Director
Dr. Irving Diamond
Albert J. Datz
A. J. Bloom
Frank Benjamin
David Moss
.... Lawrence Rackow
LAWRENCE RACKOW
The Jewish Welfare Society is the family and children’s case
work agency of the Jewish community. Affiliated with the Commu¬
nity Chest-United Fund, the local program is almost entirely sup¬
ported by your contributions to the Chest. One of its programs, the
re-settlement of New Americans, is financed by funds that you con¬
tribute through the Jewish Community Council.
Since its inception in 1917, it has been helping individuals and
families with their personal problems. Through the years, with in¬
creased knowledge about the human behavior becoming available
to the professional and layman, the professionalization of the agency
and the growth of the city, the services of the agency shifted in stress
and the clientele broadened to include all segments of the commu¬
nity. The changing times we live in, is reflected by the annual
increase of the number of people served, in spite of the relative
prosperity we have been having during the past years.
About ninety per cent of the local requests are for counseling,
planning and other services that do not involve direct outlay of
funds. In our reports and statistics, so that we can see the trends
and needs, it is necessary to classify each request in a specific cate¬
gory; some of them are marital difficulty, difficulty in parent-child
relationship, unmarried parenthood, individual personality adjust¬
ment, planning substitute care for children, care for physically or
mentally ill (diagnosed-suspected), intellectual retardation, plan¬
ning with the aging, economic assistance, employment, New Ameri¬
can resettlement, migration, adoption requests, housing, transient
care, etc. We know though, that personal problems are like finger¬
prints with no two exactly alike. Usually they do not lend them¬
selves easily to categorization for they often appear in combinations.
For its counseling services, the agency adopted a sliding fee
schedule for those clients who are able and want to make such
payment. This same service, however, is available to all Jewish
residents and no one will be turned away because of payment or
non-payment.
With the developments of case work, there has not yet been
discovered a means to fill an empty stomach or assure a roof over
one’s head as well as money. The agency has been able to help
families through emergencies till they became self sufficient. It has
been able to supplement the small grants of the State Welfare
Department to widows, children and aged so that a minimum
standard of decency could be maintained. It has taken full responsi¬
bility for those who were ineligible for this help because of citizen¬
ship requirement, while helping the persons meet these requirements,
and for the totally incapacitated under 65, who until now, were ex¬
cluded from State Aid. It helps the transients with shelter and
board and when indicated, with counseling, employment or con¬
tacts with family. It conducts a limited social service program with
the Jewish prisoners at Raiford.
While helping the aging person remain in the community as
long as they can, the Society works in close relationship with the
River Garden Flebrew Home for the Aged in processing applications
and providing case work services to the residents and their families.
The Welfare Society for years has been the only licensed Jewish
child placing agency in Florida. We are pleased to announce that
the Jewish Social Service Agency in Miami has inaugurated a child
welfare program this year. Also, the demonstration Family Consul¬
tation Service that the Jewish Welfare Society sponsored, has borne
fruit in the establishment of a non-sectarian Family Consultation
Agency.
SEASON'S GREETINGS
FLORIDA LUMBER & BUILDING MATERIALS CO.
6207 BEACH BLVD. PHONE EX 8-8601
SEASON’S GREETINGS
One Hour Martinizing
LEB'S RESTAURANT
More Than Dry Cleaning
IN ROOSEVELT HOTEL BUILDING
Featured by
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
also
MILMOR CLEANERS
ATLANTA, GEORGIA
3216 Hendricks Ave. Phone EX 8-5431
JACKSONVILLE SHIPPER COOPERATIVE, INC.
WE CAN SAVE YOU MONEY ON YOUR SHIPPING
1301 CANAL STREET
— PHONE EL 3-1138
840 W. FORSYTH STREET
PHONE EL 6-7916
Please Remember our Advertisers — They Deserve your Patronage
119
