Troop 14. Boy Scouts of America
MANUEL GOLDSTEIN
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 1955
Chairman Manny Goldstein
Advisor Rabbi Sanders A. Tofield
Institutional Rep.. . .Dr. Nathan J. Schneider
Scoutmaster Marshall Grauer
Asst. Scoutmaster Victor Sultan
Committee
Joe P. Falis
Sam J. Fishier
H. T. Freedman
Dr. Carl Hackel
Joe P. Safer
Harris T. Shafton
MARSHALL GRAUER
Troop 14, Boy Scouts of America enjoyed a very successful year
with emphasis placed on outdoor activities. The Troop participated
in an over-night camping trip, or its equivalent, every six weeks
from October to June. In June the Troop went to Camp Echockotee
for a week of Scouting activity.
in mind, Gene Shafton was promoted to the rank of Junior Asst.
Scoutmaster and Stephen Hackel promoted to the rank of Senior
Patrol Leader. The boys run the troop, and do an excellent job.
Mr. Grauer sincerely believes that responsibility should be given to
those who show the desire and ability to lead.
The Ner Tamid Award, the biggest religious award in scouting,
was presented to Herbert Fishier, Victor Schneider, and Ronnie
Levin. These honors were received at a very impressive Scout Sab¬
bath Service in which members of the Troop participated.
Scouts George Glossman and Ronnie Levin were selected by the
Troop Committee to go to Camp Philmont in New Mexico. The
boys selected for Camp Philmont must be fourteen years of age and
meet the qualifications set forth by the Troop Committee. Three
weeks of intensive Scout activity at Philmont is one of the ambitions
of every Scout.
At Camp Echockotee, Gene Shafton was inducted into the Order
of the Arrow, which is a National Scout Honor Society.
The Troop participated in all district activities, the highlight be¬
ing the Scoutorama at the Gator Bowl, where our Troop set up a
model camp in record time.
It has been the desire of Scoutmaster Grauer to see the Troop
run by the boys themselves under his guidance. With that thought
It is significant to note, that under the able leadership of Scout¬
master Grauer, and the chairmanship of Manny Goldstein and the
Committeemen listed above, Gene Shafton and Stephen Hackel be¬
came Eagle Scouts, and Ronnie Levin, George Glossman, Herbert
Fishier and Stephen Entman became Life Scouts.
This is the first time since 1951 that Troop 14 has had a pro¬
motion to Eagle Scout, and the first time since 1945 that two
Eagle Awards were made in the same year. As we go to press,
history is in the making as a third application for Eagle Scout is
in the process of being submitted by Herbert Fishier. This year
will be the first year since Troop 14 was organized in 1920, that
three Eagle Scout Awards will be made in one year.
In tribute to the memory of our late Scoutmaster, we close this
description with a paraphrase of his own prophetic words and
say, "The seeds that were planted by our late Scoutmaster Bernard
Glossman have flourished."
1. Left to Right - Rabbi Tofield shown pre¬
senting Ner Tamid Awards to Scouts Victor
Schneider, Ronnie Levin and Herbert Fishier
in the presence of Horace Williamson, Scout
Executive and Dr. H. Yergin, Chairman Ner
Tamid Committee.
2. Left to Right - Manny Goldstein, Chm.
Scout Committee shown with Scouts Stephen
Hackel and Gene Shafton who received
their Eagle Awards. Mr. Williamson is also
pictured.
3. Left to Right - Committeemen Shafton,
Dr. Hackel and Goldstein with Scouts
George Glossman and Ronnie Levin, who
attended Camp Philmont this summer.
37
