Building Fund
Progress and Prospect
by Harry Gendzier, Chairman
Last year on this page we published the picture that
appears below with the caption “Make This Picture A
Reality.’’ As we go to press this year that plea has almost
been realized. We reached this stage of progress by means
of the Holy Ark “Hai” Fund. This is how it happened.
At a meeting of the Building Committee and of the Sis¬
terhood’s Beautification Committee an idea was born. The
Holy Ark should be built by as many people as possible; by
parents honoring children, children honoring parents, rela¬
tives and friends showing reverent courtesy to one another.
It was agreed that “Hai” — Life — spelling in Hebrew 18,
translated into that many dollars would be in reach of every¬
one in multiples.
Amidst the solemnity of our High Holiday service, prior
to the Yom Kippur Yizkor, when we bring back memories of
departed dear ones and pray the blessings for our cherished
and beloved, the membership was advised in calm tones.
They were told that the contract for the Ark must be signed
soon and that this was an opportunity for registering faith
in the congregation, in Israel, and in Conservative Judaism.
The response came out of overwhelming appreciation
of life, family Love, Loyalty to tradition. Never before in
the history of the Jacksonville Jewish Center was a response
so spontaneous. Within a short time the offerings brought
us near our goal. Additional offerings were made later.
Hundreds of names are ready to be inscribed in the Golden
Book which will perpetuate the respect for Torah that
dwells in the heart of every member of the Center.
To rebuild the Sanctuary a great deal of money was and
still is required. Therefore, despite the wonderful support
of the “Hai” Fund we have to continue to appeal for larger
amounts. We still recall the joy with which we dedicated
the Activities Building and the Youth Center. May we re¬
joice equally at the dedication of our Synagogue and other
facilities yet to be built.
There is still time to reserve inscriptions in the Golden
Book with “Hai” contributions. Pages will be kept open
until after the Holidays. Link your name with the Torah
and its message. Continue to support the Building Fund
with larger contributions. Maintain the interest in our
Building Program that you have demonstrated up until now.
Maintain pride in being part of an outstanding Congrega¬
tion in Israel.
¡§¡§11
- ’ V >.;M
IvvSvv?
9
