Friends of The Seminary
Every great institution reflects the par¬
ticular genius of the wise, inspired and
dedicated men who help to create and sus¬
tain it. The Jewish Theological Seminary
of America is no exception. Since its found¬
ing in 1887, the Seminary has been blessed
with an extraordinary number of outstand¬
ing scholars and skilled interpreters who, in
every decade, have lent their piety and
greatness to building the Seminary and the
Movement which it represents.
On November 19, 1955, four decades
will have passed since the death of Solomon
Schechter, perhaps the greatest single spir¬
itual influence in American Judaism, in all
the three hundred years of its existence.
World famous as the foremost Rabbinic
scholar of his time, discoverer of more than
100,000 ancient Hebrew manuscripts which
had been stored for centuries in a neglected
room in a Cairo synagogue, master of Eng¬
lish literary style, Solomon Schechter won
his permanent place in Jewish history for
his reorganization of the Jewish Theological
Seminary of America in 1902, his establish¬
ment of the United Synagogue of America,
and of The United Synagogue of America,
and of The Rabbinical Assembly of Ameri¬
ca. Insofar as American Conservative Juda¬
ism is the work of any individual, it owes
its existence to him.
Schechter was born in Roumania, studied
SOLOMON SCHECHTER
in Vienna and Berlin, and at the age of
forty was brought to England by Claude
Montefiore. He was soon appointed Reader
in Rabbinics at Cambridge University.
Knowing his great talents and deeply in¬
spired by his personality, a group of Amer¬
ican Jewish leaders, including Cyrus Adler
(who was to succeed him as President of
the Seminary), Jacob Henry Schiff, Felix M.
Warburg, Louis Marshall, Sol M. Srtoock,
Leonard Lewisohn, and Irving Lehman, per¬
suaded him in 1902 to come to America to
be head of the Seminary. He became Pres¬
ident of its Faculty, and served until his
death.
His works on Jewish Theology and his
three volumes of Studies in Judaism are still
widely read texts. One of his most impor¬
tant Jewish historical discoveries was a doc¬
ument describing the life story of an ancient
Jewish sect, whose very existence had been
so completely forgotten that no Jewish his¬
tory mentioned it. It is this sect, described
in one of Schechter’s books, which was re¬
sponsible for the preservation of many of
the Jericho Scrolls now being brought to
light from caves near the Dead Sea.
Each congregation, and every one of its
members is a beneficiary of Schechter’s dedi¬
cation to Judaism, for, without his guidance,
the Conservative Movement in its present
form, and with its present energy, could
never have been developed.
The wisdom of Solomon Schechter, is for
all time, a living, vital force in American
Judaism, lending strength to those who love
and study Torah, and live by its eternal
precepts.
The Jacksonville Society
The Jacksonville Jewish Center realizes its intimate association
with its national institutions through the annual Friends of the
Seminary affair, which usually comes at the culmination of an an¬
nual membership campaign. Last year the effort was in charge of a
committee headed by Abe Selber, Membership Chairman. Promi¬
nent personalities in the Conservative Movement have visited Jack¬
sonville for conferences with Center leadership and for pubkc
appearances. This year we had Prof. Shalom Spiegel, Dr. Abraham
Halkin, Dr. Bernard Mandelbaum, Dr. Hugo Weisgall and Rabbi
Harry Halpern, President of the Rabbinical Assembly of America.
HARRY GENOZIER
President
LEONARD MOSS
Vice President
JOE BECKER
Treasurer
ABE SELBER
Cbm. Membership Com.
"Better See Perdue"
OFFICE FURNITURE
OFFICE MACHNIES — NEW & REBUILT
SERVICE, SALES, RENTALS
EASY TERMS
LARGEST STOCK IN FLORIDA
SAME SPOT 39 YEARS
In the Heart of the City
Perdue Office Furniture Co.
11-21 South Laura St. Phone EL 5-2513
Compliments of
Publix Cleaners, Inc.
EXPERT CLEANING
FINE SHIRT LAUNDERING
LEATHER REFINISHING
Branches Conveniently Located
PLANT: 1021 KING PHONE EV 7-5242
251 E. 8TH PHONE EL 6-1154
12 W. 8TH PHONE EL 3-8841
63
