River Carden Hebrew Home For Aged
2508 Riverside Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida
OFFICERS
President Harry Gendzier
1st Vice President Ralph Mizrahi
2nd Vice President Joe Becker
Secretary Albert E. Stein
Treasurer Irving Klepper
Chm. Admissions Board Dr. Sam Witten
Co-Chm. Admissions Board Irving Klepper
Co-Chm., Admissions Board Ira Stein
Executive Director Sidney Entman
SIDNEY ENTMAN
ViV..V,;.V.WVAV.V.V.V.V.V/MyA\\VAW.,.V.,.V.,.W.V.V.V.V.V.V.1
HARRY GENDZIER
To report on the services and activities of the
River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged during the
last year, is to tell the story of the lives of our resi¬
dents and their families. The role the Home plays in
our community of giving protection and care to the
helpless, the lonely, the senile aged has been well
demonstrated over the years. It is not a dramatic role
but that of a day to day living pattern which strives to
make people more comfortable. That the Home has
succeeded in carrying out the vision of the Ladies
Hebew Sheltering Aid Society has been proven by
the growth and progress of River Garden.
The Home, today, is on the threshold of new
developments and expansion. The increasing needs
of older people requiring special care has made it
imperative to build again. The Home plans to start
shortly on the construction of a new building adjoin¬
ing the present buildings. This new unit will include
a thirty bed infirmary to provide the most modern
facilities to care for the many medical problems pre¬
sented by an aging resident population. A new and
modern kitchen will enable the Home to provide for
special dietary needs as well as facilitate the prepara¬
tion and serving of Kosher foods. The new Chapel
will be large enough to allow all the residents attend¬
ing services to sit within the sanctuary of the Chapel
rather than among desks and filing cabinets. It will
also provide a wing where the well aged residents
who require minimum nursing services, can lead a
more active life.
When the new addition is built, the Home will
be able to care for 75 residents and give them the
necessary services to meet the needs o feach indi¬
vidual. It will provide the setting in which the aged
oerson can find security and comfort at the time of
ife when they need these supports most.
River Garden, in accepting the responsibility of
caring for the older Jewisfi people in our State, has
discharged its responsibilities to its residents, their
families, and the Jewish communities in a most
creditable mnner. The Home has anticipated many
of the problems of the aged and is prepared to meet
the challenge of the future.
J* JHL Church well Co
Wholesale
DRY GOODS SHOES NOTIONS
Our Specialty
MERRILL & SMITH, Inc.
DRIVE WAYS
FURNISHINGS
LADIES READY TO WEAR
REAL MONEY WORK CLOTHING
301 East Bay St. Phone EL 3-7331
• Patios • Porches • Sidewalks
• Free Estimates • No Obligation
• No Down Payment • 36 Months To Pay
542 Samples St. Phone EL 5-5050
115
