The Center Sisterhood
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Nat F. Cohen
Vice - Presidents
Chairman of the Board Mrs. Philip Selber
Membership Chm. Mrs. Eli Edwards
Co - Chairman Mrs. Herbert Warner
Program Chairman Mrs. M. W. Goldstein
Co - Chairman Mrs. Carl Hackel
Fund Raising Chairman Mrs. Manuel Goldstein
Co - Chairman Mrs. Maurice Cherry
Recording Secretary Mrs. A1 Schneider
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Sheldon Gendzier
Financial Secretary Mrs. Meyer Chepenik
Treasurer Mrs. Harry Cranman
Our object is to strengthen Judaism ... to make
it more meaningful, dynamic, and vital in the lives
of the Sisterhood member and her family, through
the Synagogue and through the home.
MRS. NAT F. COHEN, President
Sisterhood s accomplishments of this past year
have been noteworthy. Our membership of 619 is a
new high. Our youth program has been stimulating.
Our fund raising activities, to provide revenue for
our projects, have been successful. While fund rais¬
ing is not an objective in itself; it is important for
carrying out our over-all plan.
Our projects include financial assistance for our
Center Youth League, for helping to defray expenses
of delegates to National Conventions, Leadership
Training Institutes, and Regional Conventions. The
teen-agers, benefitting by this program are strength¬
ening Judaism within themselves, their homes, and
their community.
Sisterhood assists in the Center’s educational pro¬
gram by providing the funds for the salaries of teach¬
ers in our Sunday Religious School. With over 500
children enrolled, this is no small project. We also
assist in other school activities by providing prizes and
awards for pupils, and refreshments for special cele¬
brations.
By our participation in the Torah Fund, spon¬
sored by the National Women’s League, we contrib¬
ute toward the Jewish Theological Seminary and its
schools for the training of Rabbis and teachers.
Mrs. Nat F. Cohen,
newly elected President,
receives gavel from Mrs.
Tofield.
Mrs. Sanders Tofield
shown presenting Presi¬
dent’s Pin to outgoing
President, Mrs. Samuel
J. Thier.
NEWLY INSTALLED SISTERHOOD OFFICERS . . . Standing, left to right: Mrs.
Manuel Goldstein, Mrs. A1 Schneider, Mrs. Sheldon Gendzier, Mrs. Harry Cranman,
Mrs. M. W. Goldstein. Seated: Mrs. Philip Selber, Mrs. Nat F. Cohen, Mrs. Eli Edwards.
:20
