A. B. Weil Lodge, No. 800\ B nai B rith
OFFICERS
President
Arnold E. Mayer
Vice Presidents
Dr. Neal M. Roth
Simpson R. Walker, Jr.
Pin uncial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Treasurer Emeritus
Chaplain
Warden
Dr. Sidney Storch
Dr. Sanford Arnold
Eric F. Asher
Norman FI. Kristal
Harvey Freedman
Morris H. Witten
Dawson N. Oppenheimer
Shoustis David
ARNOLD E. MAYER
B’nai B’rith is the world’s oldest and largest Jewish service
organization. Founded in 1843 in New York City, B’nai B’rith
has today more than 350,000 members, united in almost 2,000
lodges and chapters in 300 countries of the free world. Members
of B’nai B’rith, over a period of 112 years, unselfishly gave of
their time to help others, fought for the principles of democracy and
represented the interests of Jewish people whenever the need arose.
B’nai B’rith has never altered its aims which were stated in
the first constitution of 1843, as follows:
"B’nai B’rith has taken upon itself the mission of uniting
Israelites in the work of promoting their highest interests and those
of humanity; of developing the mental and moral character of the
people of our faith; of inculcating the purest principles of philan¬
thropy, honor and patriotism; of supporting science and art; alle¬
viating the wants of the poor and needy; visiting and attending
the sick; coming to the rescue of victims of persecution; providing
for, protecting and assisting the widow and orphan on the broadest
principles of humanity.
The local lodge has over 200 members.
B'nai B rith Women Of Jacksonville
OFFICERS
President
Mrs. Leonard Helman
Vice-Presidents
Mrs. Saul Zavon
Mrs. Murray Shenkman
Mrs. Sidney Storch
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Social Secretary
Treasurer
Financial Secretary
Counselor
Mrs. Theodore Hart
...Mrs. Arnold Mayer
Mrs. Sam Bryan
...Mrs. Anna Lazarus
.Mrs. W. L. Tobias
Mrs. S. David
MRS. LEONARD HELMAN
The B’nai B’rith Women is an organization old in years, but
always young in their goal for a better future in the world of to¬
morrow. It will continue its progress as a prominent organization
is this city.
Our program consists of helping to support our National B’nai
B’rith projects such as, Hillel Foundations, Youth Organizations,
Children’s Hospital in Israel, the Jewish National Hospital in Den¬
ver, Colorado, dedicated to the cure of T.B., the Leo N. Levi Hos¬
pital in Hot Springs, Arkansas, dedicated to the prevention and
cure of arthritis, B’nai B’rith Service Clinic for the convenience
of visitors and patients at Mayo Brothers Clinic in Rochester, Minn.,
and the all important Anti-Defamation League, which is world
wide in scope.
Our record for participation in civic activities, such as cam¬
paigns for T.B. Sales, Cerebral Palsy, Muscular Distrophy, Heart
Fund, etc., has been highly commended and we shall continue our
endeavors in these fields.
A new and worthy project has been added to our program
which is bringing joy to the retarded children at Pine Castle Home
on their birthdays.
Through a strong and active membership we will achieve our
goal of service for those in need, locally, nationally and in foreign
countries.
129
