President and Chairman of the Board
PHILIP SELBER, PRESIDENT
In the preparation of this message to the Congregation on the eve of
the advent of the year 5716, I reviewed my previous messages to the
Congregation. It is interesting and satisfying to note the changes and
trend in the character of these messages as the congregation progresses
toward spiritual maturity.
In the earlier years of my tenure of office, the appeal to the con¬
gregation was for more adequate financial support, both for the ordinary
budgetary requirements and for the building program. My later messages
dealt more with the need for an expanded educational program. It is there¬
fore quite logical that this year’s message should deal with the necessity
for a spiritual rededication of the congregation to our religious practices
and beliefs.
Such a religious rededication becomes a climax to the years of our
building a program and a physical plant to maintain it, because this year
will be the year for the dedication of our synagogue and its new Ark.
But even more important in causing this to become a climax to all of
our efforts is the fact that it emphasizes that the final and all-important
goal of all our programming is the spiritual development of the members
of our congregation.
Some may say that it is impossible to effect a return of our congregants
to the traditional religious practices of our people because of the environ¬
ment in which we live. Others may blame the deviations of our congregants
on the changes which have taken place in the character of the Jewish
community in America from what it was in Europe. Many other ex¬
planations can be offered, but reasons and alibis, no matter how logical,
will not supply us with the means to correct these failures.
The prominent challenge for us today is whether or not it is possible
for synagogues in America to effect a return of their members to
Judaism. It is inconceivable that the history of our people’s religious
development is destined to have its closing chapters in America. It is
inconceivable because the Jewish religion has always, through the years,
shown a tremendous capacity to adapt itself to the climate and to the
ROBERT J. GORDON, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
circumstances in which it found itself—whether those circumstances were
of freedom and opportunity or of persecution and oppression. Certainly
the Jewish religion itself has lost none of this vitality in being able to meet
new situations.
Secondly, it is inconceivable that the religious rededication is not poss¬
ible in America, because America is a land of religious freedom and oppor¬
tunity. Even more so, America is a land based on religious principles and
a land where church and synagogue loyalty is a national ideal.
Thirdly, it is inconceivable because of the strength and resourceful¬
ness of the American Jewish community. Never in Jewish history has
there been a community equal to the contemporaneous Jewish community
in ability and opportunity. No community in Jewish history has had
more concentration of wisdom, intellect, wealth and affluence than has had
our own American community.
The only possibility of failure in our quest for religious rededication
then lies within ourselves. Failure will only come from our own lack
of conviction that we can succeed in America in fashioning a great
religious culture. If we are convinced that Judaism can regain its role
as a dominant influence in the shaping of our lives, then it will.
This challenge for religious rededication thus becomes a real one for
our congregation as it stands on the eve of the rededication of its syna¬
gogue and Ark. May we summon to our cause the zeal and the determina¬
tion that even here in Jacksonville we shall meet well this appointment with
history. May we be privileged to achieve in 5716 these goals for a more
profound and more inspirational Jewish life.
In the name of the Officers and members of the Board of Directors
and the Board of Trustees, I extend greeting to all of our members with
the traditional blessing for a Happy New Year, “Le Shanah Toavah
Tiketevu,”.
“May the Almighty to whom we pray for personal welfare and for
the welfare of humanity, render the coming year auspiciously inscribed in
history and in His will.”
13
