Jacksonville
Chapter, Senior Hadassah
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz
Vice-Presidents
Mrs. Seymour Burns Mrs. Aaron Kovner
Mrs. Henry Cristol Mrs. Dan Dubbins
Treasurer Mrs. Leo Kayser
Recording Secretary Mrs. Herbert Feinberg
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Financial Secretary Mrs. A1 Schneider
MRS. ISADORE MOSCOVITZ
President
The Jacksonville Chapter of Senior Hadassah is com¬
posed of approximately 750 Jewish women who meet month¬
ly to serve together in the ranks of the American Zionist
movement. Meeting in the afternoon on the second Tues¬
day of each month, or in the evening with the Hannah
Senesch Group, on the second Monday, Hadassah’s mem¬
bers join in efforts to affect the National Hadassah pro¬
gram of health and vocational education services to Israel;
and the dedication of our local Jewish women to active par¬
ticipation in the life and expression of community and
American affairs.
The story of Hadassah is the tale of a group of women
who were instrumental in sending two American trained
nurses to Jerusalem in 1913 to ease the terrific mortality
rate, and who remained to develop a great health program,
not only to save the mother and the newborn child from
painful death, but also to build education and health facili¬
ties to rear the infant into healthy childhood and produc¬
tive adulthood.
Jacksonville’s Hadassah membership joins with 300,000
Jewish women throughout the country to maintain seven
hospitals, a school of nursing, the Hebrew University-Ha-
dassah Medical School, the New Hadassah-Hebrew Uni¬
versity Medical Center, Youth Aliyah training farms, and
general youth medical services emanating from the Jeru¬
salem child health centers, together with a network of vo¬
cational education facilities which range from printing to
hotel management and fashion design.
Today Hadassah’s experiment is preventive and com¬
munity medicine at Bet Mazmil encompasses the entire
family unit, and promises to serve as a pattern for health
programs for the world’s progressive governments. Belgium
and Burma have asked for blueprints of the Met Mazmil
plan, and the Hadassah woman in Jacksonville is aware
that through her active participation in her chapter activi¬
ties she is sharing in this historic movement.
The Hadassah motto, “The Healing of My People”
serves to remind that the healer is made well even as the
bedridden and diseased are restored. By working through
established civic organizations, and through the Hadassah
education program, the Hadassah woman joins in molding
a healthy community here.
Together with Z.O.A. Hadassah supports the Jewish
National Fund for the rehabilitation of the land of Israel,
and Zionist Youth Work through Young Judaean Clubs.
The projects are carried out through individual con¬
tributions, and through fund earning events. Highlights of
the coming year will be the opening Brunch to be held
in the Jewish Center on October 11th, the Membership
Tea, an event of November 8th, and the "Salute Florida-
Margaret Newman Fashion Show” which will be presented
in the early winter. December will feature Henrietta
Szold-Youth Aliyah Parties. On the evening of February
1st Hadassah will join with the other Jacksonville Zionist
groups to present the Israeli Fashion Show at the Center.
The year 195 5-56 will also include a "Dollars for Linen”
shower for Hadassah-Hospital Supplies; and the Fund-
earners Luncheon in the early spring which will honor
Hadassah Donors.
Organization membership is open to all Jewish women.
Hannah Senesch Evening Group Officers
President Mrs. Harry Glenn
Vice-President Mrs. Henry Weintraub
Treasurer Miss Frances Zimmerman
Recording Secretary Mrs. Stanley Wadler
Corresponding Secretary Miss Lottie Salzman
Financial Secretary Mrs. David Benwick
MRS. HARRY GLENN
123
