Because of my age I find it difficult to ‘look back” with any degree of accuracy or intelligence. .. and
besides “the good old days” were not all that good. . . today, tomorrow and the future is what we should be
looking at. I know. . . I know. .. it’s always nice to look back and reflect. . . learn from those wise folks who
have come before us. . . but, I’m not that smart and I doubt my contribution as President of the Center bore
any significance worth documenting.
What my term as President of the Jacksonville Jewish did teach me. . . and what impressed me. . . is the
need for me to stay committed to a Jewish way of life and to the institution that allowed me to gain a deep
insight as to how the Conservative Jewish movement operates. More significantly, I came to understand that
after leaving the office of President, I wasn’t “leaving”. . . I was just beginning my total involvement with the Center. I had gone
through a process of learning and understanding the needs of the Center with a close up view. . . and since then I have made
every effort to contribute where needed to assure the success of the Center. . . the schools and the programs that bring Jewish
fulfillment to the members.
Certainly each past President can cite specific instances and items that were significant to them and the congregation.. . all
of which have been extremely helpful to the success of our synagogue. I choose to think that what I am now doing will make
a greater difference in the future of the Center. . . and if each past President would come forth, bringing with them all their
knowledge, experience, financial capability and accomplishments of the past, the Jacksonville Jewish Center would certainly
prosper, grow and maintain its religious vitality.
Well. . . those are my thoughts. . . do with ‘em as you wish.
Laurie DuBow
My term as president began in May of 1976. We had moved from Third and Silver to Crown Point Road
a year earlier. The new building provided opportunities to revitalize old programs and create new ones.
Unfortunately, with that came a mortgage and increased operation expenses. We began my term with the
mortgage technically in default, unpaid bills, a cash flow shortage, and a budget with an operating deficit.
The sale of our old building had been expected to ease the burden of the mortgage, but there was no sign
of buyer.
A group got together and we began an aptly named “Ein Breira” campaign. My first year was spent with
leadership working on raising money. In all my years at the Center I have never seen such dedication. We
also looked at the budget, cut the little bit of fat and then cut useful but not vital items.
I considered my term a success, not because of the programs that I would dearly have liked to work on, but just because we
were in much better financial shape when the new administration took over.
Sheldon Gendzier
Our country began its military engagement in Kuwait and Iraq just minutes before the start of our annual
raffle. I led the congregation in a moment of silence. That night, we celebrated the achievement of our
schools, but the atmosphere was tinged with the uncertainty of the country’s military initiative.
Every month, a big box of checks prepared by our bookkeeper Inez would be presented to me for my
signature. To avoid increasing our deficit, painful decisions were required. When challenged, however, our
I congregation was actually much stronger than I could have imagined.
Walking through the building on any given Sunday, I would see Minnie Schrieber, on her knees, stacking
books in the library; a sweaty Ben Setzer summoned from the gym to the chapel to make a minyan; a soon to
be Bat Mitzvah girl chanting her prayers with Cantor Fox; Kathy Osterer waiting on a customer in the gift shop; or Dov Kentof
piloting our children in Noah’s Ark in the Fletcher-Selber Auditorium.
Jeff Morris
6
