It is hard to express in words how it felt to be President. Physically, it was a lot of time spent at the
Center. Emotionally, it was one of the most rewarding jobs, with definite peaks and valleys. Spiritually, it
elevated my appreciation of Judaism to a level that I would not have been able to achieve otherwise.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a unique place and seeing how each Congregant uses our Synagogue,
in times of happiness and times of grief, for spiritual, religious and educational pursuits, provided me as
President, with an understanding and appreciation of Synagogue life and the immense impact it has on the
lives of us all.
Like an instant hot water system that works on demand, the Synagogue’s clergy and staff, must be
available on demand to handle all of the needs of the Congregation. They must handle these needs with care, with discretion,
with tenderness, with understanding and with love, and often in times of crisis. And being able to be a part of that was what
made me realize how truly blessed we are to have this great place at the center of our lives.
When I first joined the Center, I had just gotten married to my wife, Linda, and having come from the Temple,
Conservative Judaism was a little unfamiliar to me. I was a twice a year service attendee. After the Bat Mitzvahs of my
daughters, Lauren and Sasha, I got involved. My father-in-law, Sonny Waitz, got me going to Minyan every Thursday morning
and I joined committees and became a regular Shabbat morning attendee. Naturally, as a contractor, I drifted towards House
committee and soon became Chairman. My involvement continued as I started Talmud class and took a class to learn Hebrew
again. Finally, I became President and Thursday morning Minyan Captain.
I tell you my story to illustrate how I was able to grow at the Center, through volunteer work, through service attendance,
and through religious observance. I discovered that each Congregant had their own unique story and what was most delightful,
was that the Center was able to accommodate each Congregants journey into Judaism and Center life and I encourage each of
you to take advantage of the many opportunities that await you at this wonderful place.
Shana Tova,
Philip Bloom
■■■■
5
