0For over 109 years the Jacksonville Jewish Center has been meeting the challenge of changing times. For 18
years I went from a Board Member to President of Sisterhood and PTA to President of the Congregation. Twenty
two years have passed since I served as the Congregation President and we are still in a time of great change, but
our goals remain the same- the perpetuation of Conservative Judaism. It is the emphasis and the implementation
which may exhibit some differences.
The synagogue was in the midst of transition. We moved in this location in 1976 and were remodeling and adding
on to our building. The building was closed off except for the main sanctuary. Administration was housed in trailers.
The accounting system and records were almost non existent. We faced a deadline in our building completion, as the school year
approached, followed immediately by the coming of the high holidays.
Looking back I am not sure how we did it- the school opened on schedule and with no parking to speak of we managed to observe
the high holidays in an orderly fashion.
Our Executive Director was Eric Reiter and he and our staff worked days, nights, and Sunday’s along side our architecture, building
fund and house committees to make this happen. I am pleased to report our deficit was reduced due to the continuous response of our
members to a new Patron’s campaign. In addition and most encouraging was the fact that the congregation responded to a significant
dues increase.
Our accounting system was revamped and statements going out in a timely fashion improved our cash flow. Our budget and finance
teams brought us to the point that we closed the year with a balanced budget.
We mapped out a plan of action for greater productivity to meet the immediate needs and at least some of the long range needs-
they included a full time Cantor, a more efficient computer system, and long range programs such as wills and requests and archives.
Programs reinstituted over the year were young family shabbaf s and men’s club.
Having worked with Rabbi David Gaffney for the previous eighteen years I thought I knew what to expect from him. The
relationship between the Rabbi and the President gives the President a chance to see the incredible number of hours he spent with
members of the congregation, attending meetings, fundraising, performing life cycle functions, teaching, and most especially preparing
his sermons for Shabbat.
Rabbi Dov Kentof added his special talents to our rabbinic staff instituting the family counsel and youth group programming. Our
youth group programs were not only the largest in our city but have become an example in our entire region. The college program
helped fulfill our hope that the synagogue will remain a part of our children’s lives while they are away at college.
In his book “Tale of Two Cities” Charles Dicken said “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times”. I must borrow this quote
to explain the two years of my term. In these two years unfortunately not all of the news was good- we suffered some permanent losses
with the passing of colleagues Annie Mae Fort, Tim Riley, Esther Fishier, Kenneth Bowden and Cantor A1 Marton.
After many years our current lay Cantor Joel Bressler would be moving. As is the custom here at the Center, our lay members
rallied and covered this loss.
A number of building fund projects remain to be completed: the Donor’s Wall and Memorial Pylons were underway for those
completions.
Oliver Wendall Holmes said “the great thing in the world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving”.
For the most part, the two years were the best of times for me although the planning wasn’t always smooth and easy. The efforts
of this administration were not readily accepted by all. The accomplished work was due to many. Past President, Gene Komblum, was
always there to listen. The board and the staff of office, school, and maintenance were crucial to the success. Without all of them, the
phone calls wouldn’t have been answered, the correspondence prepared and mailed, the programs developed, the children educated, or
the daily observances of Judaism held.
The JJC is all about providing a Jewish education and Jewish way of life for our members. The JJC is the largest congregation in
Jacksonville with a membership of over 800 and truly is a family. Our members support us financially and the volunteers support with
hard work and caring.
In 1901 the foundation was laid and in 1988-90 we continued to grow and prosper. From Pirke Avot, the teaching of our fathers,
the Hebrew translates to read.. .’’it is not your job to complete the work, but you are not free to walk away from it”.
As I transitioned from this important leadership position, Jeffrey Morris, was there eager to oversee our amazing congregation
continue to grow and prosper.
1 am not the same women that was installed in 1988, as my horizons were expanded because of this fulfilling opportunity and for
this honor I THANK YOU.
Marsha Pollock
