PDi?crni7MTr4 r Ti?ttztt’tu
Jl jKXS di UJu±yi JL X 1%XX> C/ JL Jlj
It was an incredible opportunity to participate in the leadership of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. At
that time, there were many challenges on the horizon, including the implementation of the Restoration 2000
project; the continued development and growth of the Galinsky Educational Programs; and the coordination
and completion of the Centennial Celebration Programs.
Each of the challenges was met through an Initiative for Excellence. This Initiative sought to meet the
needs and expectations of the membership in order to ensure that the Synagogue continued to be the Center
of our lives. During that period, the refurbishment campaign was completed to upgrade the facilities of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center to first class condition (“Restoration 2000”). Additionally, there was a year
long celebration of the Centennial Anniversary through a series of special events and dedications. For over 100 years, the
Jacksonville Jewish Center has created wonderful memories for its members and families; it was a privilege to participate in
making some of those memories.
Michael Shorstein
When I was asked to reflect on the accomplishments of my presidency, I immediately thought Bruce
Horovitz becoming Executive Director was the greatest achievement. He agreed to the position on the day
that I agreed to become President of the JJC.
Speaking with Bruce recently, we recalled that we implemented a successful patron’s campaign prior to
being officially sworn in in which more than 65 families pledged $1,000.00 each to offset a growing deficit,
that we had the most successful raffle to date in the Center’s history, that the summer camp completed its
most successful enrollment season, and that the day school had its largest enrollment in grades K-6.
One of the greatest achievements was having three loyal families, the DuBows, the Selevans and the
Setzers, buy the Center’s northside property thereby ensuring that our mortgage was reduced to an amount that would give us a
debt-free congregation as we headed into our second 100 years. We discussed that we not only raised money, we raised spirits.
Then Bruce reflected and reminded me that our greatest accomplishment was replacing the dance floor!
As successor presidents make their annual appeals, it becomes apparent that just as congregants celebrate life cycle
events most weekends, the synagogue itself has its own recurring life cycles: the continuous need for physical improvements
and security for the building, the continuous need for volunteers for our Sisterhood, Men’s Club, and various committees,
the continuous need for new members and the continuous campaign to fill our classrooms with children and our endowments
with dollars.
Just as I am always thankful that there is another generation that steps up to meet the challenges, I am always troubled
when I hear members lament they no longer need the Center, “my children are grown.” As Rabbi Joseph Telushkin writes
in his book “A Code of Jewish Ethics,” “Be grateful to institutions that have helped you, not just individuals.” The Midrash
teaches “A person must be grateful to a place where he derived some benefits (Genesis Rabbah 79:6).”
We should all reflect on the benefits the Center provided to our families over the decades. The support of the clergy
during our families’ darkest times, the education and socialization of our youth, the religious services and, yes, the celebration
of our Simchas on the dance floor. May G_d bless these members who give back to the Center and ensure its viability for
future generations.
Evan Yegelwel
been asked
When I was originally nominated to become president of the Jacksonville Jewish Center I was very
apprehensive. I had envisioned a position of managing gridlock, fielding complaints, and counting the days
until my term ended. Well, that couldn’t have been further from the truth (other than managing gridlock,
fielding complaints, and counting the days until my term ended). But in all seriousness, my tenure as
president was one of the most fulfilling commitments of my life. During my two year term, I witnessed the
amazing potential for growth and enrichment that is so very unique to the Center. Together, we became an
egalitarian synagogue we hired a second Rabbi and recruited an ordained Hazzan. The most meaningful
to me, however, was that we helped to reshape a culture that has become more open, more inviting, and more
welcoming than we could have ever imagined a generation ago. I am still very proud and humbled to have
to lead such a sacred community.
Shana Tova,
Sandy Zimmerman
9
