fr-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner I
BECOMING A KEHILLAT KESHER, A COMMUNITY OF CONNECTION;
2020 VISION FOR THE FARSIGHTED
Should a person of Torah learning participate in public affairs, he brings stability to the
world. Yet if he sits at home and says to himself “What have the affairs of society to do
with me? Why should I trouble myself with the needs of others? Let my soul dwell in
peace! ” — he causes destruction to the world.
—Midrash Tanhuma, Mishpatim §2
Many of us may not realize the debt of gratitude the Jacksonville Jewish Center owes
to Professor Mordecai Kaplan, one of the most original Jewish thinkers of the 20th century.
Among his many remarkable achievements, Kaplan pioneered the idea of the “synagogue
center” - the notion that beyond services the synagogue of the future would also need
to offer a wide range of educational, social and recreational opportunities to Jews of all
ages. Today it hardly seems radical, but when Kaplan first promoted this idea in the
late twenties and early thirties, the vast majority of synagogues offered little more than
worship and perhaps some supplementary education for young children.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center was quite farsighted in its embrace of the synagogue
center concept more than 80 years ago. From the 1927 opening of the building at 3rd
and Silver, through its eventual relocation to the Mandarin campus of the present, the
synagogue has always aspired to serve as “the center of your life” by offering one-stop shopping for everything Jewish.
There is still much value in the vision of an institution capable of meeting the diverse needs - spiritual, social and
educational - of the Jewish community.
But will this suffice to ensure a bright future for us? What will the synagogue be like ten years from now in the year 2020?
Jewish life today is far more decentralized than ever before. In an era of on-line communities, Jewish programs
of distance learning, and independent minyanim, the importance of serving as a central address for Jewish needs has
diminished. Equally significant, young adults no longer gravitate toward Jewish institutions for fellowship as their
parents and grandparents once did. Comfortable as we are in the melting pot of American life, the Jewish affiliation of a
day camp or basketball league matters less to us than its quality.
Vibrant synagogues, however, continue to excel in providing Jews with meaningful spiritual connection, a sense
of significant being that comes when a person belongs to something infinitely larger and more important than oneself.
Just as once the Jacksonville Jewish Center placed itself in the vanguard of 20th century Jewish life by its embrace of the
synagogue center concept, we can lead the way into the 21st century through the creation of a portable Judaism, a way to
carry our ethical mission as a synagogue into the larger world. The challenge is not the formation of a better social action
committee, but to become a community in which tikkun olam is embedded at the cellular level in the work of every arm
and branch of the congregation.
There has long been a demand to make Judaism “more relevant.” The good news is that the Torah has never, ever
been irrelevant - we need only supply the missing link that leads from learning to action, from word to deed. If our
liturgy affirms kinship with all who believe in the one, living God, it is incumbent upon us to build bridges with other
faith communities. If our tradition teaches us to care for God’s earth, then we must translate that value into stewardship
in our congregational backyard, literally. If the Torah insists we are responsible to feed the hungry, clergy, lay leadership
and members need to go out into the world and together do just that. As a community truly connected to our religious
heritage and one another, we have to find ways to see Jewish values in the mirror of the world, and see the world outside
in the mirror of our Jewish values. After all, a Judaism unable to make a real difference outside the synagogue is unlikely
to inspire passionate commitment within its walls.
It is no accident that each and every time we read from the Five
Books of Moses we remove the Torah and carry it forth into the
congregation, affirming that our core sacred beliefs find their most
meaningful expression only when brought into contact with others.
This is the essence of Kehillat Kesher, a true community of connection;
this is our holy task, to repair the world by making the Almighty’s
sovereignty palpable where it counts most. Reverence for doing God’s
work on Main Street and finding relevance in God’s word in the main
sanctuary are different paths to the same destination.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in hoping that the New
Year be one of blessing and meaning for us all.
ifinnm unan raía rut?1?
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
11
