Tribute
My term as president began uniquely after the only contested election in the history of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. A group of individuals who wanted change nominated a slate of its group to run for the board
of directors to oppose the nominees of the Center nominating committee. I had been nominated for president
and my wife Sylvia and my brother Bud had been nominated for the Board of Directors. However, none
of the officers had opposition, only nominees for the Board of Directors were opposed and included in the
nominees who were being opposed were Sylvia and Bud. At the largest general meeting in the history of the
Center, the officers and directors nominated by the nominating committee were overwhelmingly elected.
The group that wanted the change resigned from the Center and organized the Beth Shalom Congregation.
Although it was initially a difficult time financially for the Center, the members who remained loyal gave generously and
willingly cooperated to make the Center a stronger and more unified congregation.
During my term as president we (1) Engaged Rabbi David Gaffney who remained our spiritual leader for 29 years;
(2) Selected the architects to design the building of our new Synagogue Center Complex; (3) Contracted with the Auchter
Construction Company to build our Center and to work with the architects and members of our congregation to be sure that our
new facilities could be built in an efficient way that would meet our needs; (4) Negotiated and finalized the exchange of land
so that we could make our main entrance on Crown Point Road; (5) Began fund-raising to pay for the construction and engaged
Milton Hood Ward, a New York company to advise and help with the fund-raising; (6) Planned the ground breaking ceremony
for September 16, 1973; and (7) Began making plans to sell our Third and Silver Street property.
Since the new Synagogue Center Complex was begun during my presidency, but was not completed until later, I felt an
obligation to sell the Third and Silver Street property. It was critical because we needed the cash to make payments on the new
mortgage, the insurance company threatened to cancel our insurance on the empty buildings and the local tax collector threatened
to cancel our real estate tax exemption because we were only using the property for daily minyans. It was difficult to find a buyer
because of the location and the deteriorating structures. However, after very extensive, sometimes disappointing and stressful
negotiations, Bud and I managed to sell the property to the U.S. Department of Labor for $400,000 cash.
It was a challenging period and I know that it was successful thanks to the encouragement and support of my family, close
friends and congregants who gave so unselfishly of their time.
Jack Shorstein
It was an honor to serve as Center president as our synagogue approached its 100th anniversary. As a fifth
generation Center member, and third generation Center officer, my family’s roots were firmly planted here.
Giving back to the Center was a labor of love.
As with most successful ventures, the years from 1998 to 2000 at the Center benefitted from the talents of
a number of dedicated people.
Michael DuBow provided creative and bold leadership for the Education Committee and the newly
named Galinsky Educational Programs. Plans were made for a new technology coordinator to provide state-
of-the-art computer instruction. For the first time, joint funds from the Federation and the Center offered Day
School financial aid to members of all synagogues, ensuring availability of a Jewish education to any Jewish child.
The Finance Committee, led by Michael Shorstein, worked to meet the challenge of financing expanding services and
programs. We completely paid off the building mortgage, and celebrated with a mortgage burning ceremony. This was likely the
first time in history that the Center was ever debt-free.
All of the officers and committee chairs dedicated many hours to ensure quality programs and a continuing legacy. We held
a number of parlor meetings at congregants’ homes to talk to members and hear feedback about governance issues and Center
programs, answer questions, hear opinions, and invite greater participation.
It was a particular joy working with the Center professionals - who were not only our professionals but also our friends -
Bruce Horovitz, Rabbi Gaffney, Rabbi Kentof, Mr. Kennedy and others.
Two years as president helped enhance my appreciation and pride of what a wonderful center has been built for all of us and
our families over the last hundred plus years.
Mark Shorstein
mmmmm
8
