IISIP1
¥—A Message from Rabbi Cohen -H
“FREDDIE THE LEAF”
At the beginning of this summer, I was introduced to Freddie the Leaf, by Dr.
Leo Buscaglia. Freddie is a maple leaf who, along with his companions Daniel,
Alfred, Ben and Clare, leams about and experiences the passing of each season.
As he experiences the changing seasons, Freddie leams from Daniel, a larger leaf,
that death too is part of life. Throughout the course of his metamorphosis and the
process of asking Daniel questions, Freddie gains a deeper understanding of life
and death. Freddie also comes to understand that although leaves superficially
look the same, there are subtle differences between himself and each other leaf.
Fie begins to gain more knowledge about who he is and what is his purpose.
“What’s a purpose?” Freddie had asked.
“A reason for being,” Daniel had answered. “To make things more pleasant
for others is a reason for being. To make shade for old people who come to
escape the heat of their homes is a reason for being. To provide a cool place for
children to come and play. To fan with our leaves the picnickers who come to eat on checkered tablecloths.
These are all reasons for being.”
“The Fall of Freddie the Leaf’ utilizes this gentle discussion and metaphor of the annual changes in
seasons and color and nature of the leaves to help us appreciate life’s different phases. Each leaf departs from
the tree differently; some drift quietly, while others fiercely resist the tug of the wind. The metaphor portrays
how each one of us approaches death differently, but the story also provides insight to how we approach life.
The way in which we answer these questions sets the course for the lives we lead.
What is your purpose? What is your reason for being?
By asking these questions, we, like Freddie, gain deeper insight into our beings and grow stronger, being
able to help others. The discoveries we make while connecting with others, as Freddie does, expose us to the
riches of each other and our community. The riches, like a treasure chest, are mostly hidden from us, and will
only be reached by searching inward and asking these questions that are sometimes difficult.
In his newest book, “The Seven Questions You’re Asked in Heaven”, Dr. Ron Wolfson challenges us to
consider these ultimate questions that may be asked upon our arrival to heaven. Inspired by a quote from the
fourth-century Talmudic scholar Rava: “At the hour you enter heaven for judgment, they will ask you.. .Did
you deal honestly with people in your business practices?” Wolfson simplifies Rava’s six questions into five.
He adds two more questions to the list and invites us to add our own.
Were you honest? Did you leave a legacy? Did you set a time to study? Did you have hope in your
heart? Did you get your priorities straight? Did you enjoy this world? Were you the best you, you could be?
This year I hope we will ask these questions and add others to the list. Surrounded by family and friends,
may we establish ourselves as ancestors to a new set of questions. We, like Freddie, have a purpose, and the
function of the Yamim Noraim is to aid us in this self-discovery. We may not approach all of the questions
or begin to discover all of the answers, yet posing the question is essential and will assist us in realizing our
purpose in life. We are connected to one another and can see above and below. This New Year, may we see a
new perspective and be able to ask those questions even if they
do not yield immediate answers. May we continue to search and
learn from those with answers, for those that are not answerable
by ourselves or others. When we answer one question, may we
go on to another. These may or may not be the questions asked in
heaven but are the ones that concern us on earth.
Michele and Benjamin join me in wishing you and your loved
ones a shana tova umetukah.
Rabbi Rafi Cohen
Rabbi Rafi Cohen
