pp
•sí
A Message from the Hazzan —4
A PLACE IN THEIR HEART
What a year it has been! Leora and I are so grateful for the gifts and support
of community, family and friends here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It
is extremely exciting to be part of an amazingly warm and loving environment.
On the eve of new beginnings, the words of the great Israeli Poet Ehud
Manor (1941 -2005) come to mind: Od tir ’eh od tir ’eh Kama tov yihiyeh
bashana bashana haba’ah which translates as, “You’ll see, you’ll see how good
it will be, next year.” Manor, lyricist for great Israeli standards such as Ein Li
Eretz Acheret (I Have No Other Country), Chai (Life), Abanibi, and Halevai (If
Only), bridged cultural gaps through his musical collaborations with a variety of
Israeli composers. His words were often adapted to the varied musical style of
his colleagues. Ehud Manor wrote songs of passion, love, desire and soul.
As we embark on the New Year 5771,1 am hopeful that we as a community
will be equipped with similar traits to write our own songs- of family, faith and
love. There are no limits to what we can accomplish as individuals and as a
community in the year ahead. Whether it is literally through the musical groups of our Center Choir, Koltrain
and Harmonía, or by a deeper commitment to cherish each moment of our lives, we are equipped to celebrate
a new song here at the JJC. You will see. Next Year. This year.
This fall, I take on the new role of Program Director of MAKOM, our new Jacksonville Hebrew High
School. I am excited about working with inspired Jewish educators and inspiring Jewish teens. I am also
reminded of a personal musical favorite of mine, Manor’s Makom Balev (A place in the heart.) Makom Balev
reflects a desire to keep on dreaming:
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
In order to make one old dream come true
there’s a need for a million dreamers
that do not close their eyes.
In order to make one old dream come true
there’s a need for a million dreamers
that do not block their ears.
That are ready to approach the dream,
that still remember how to lighten the pain.
That are able to fall in love, undertake
and reveal that there’s still a place in their heart.
Makom Balev. May you find the Center to be a place in your
hearts- for times of great joy, for times to be together and for
times to just be. May this dream come true in the coming year.
Shana Tova.
A warm and sweet new year!
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
