RELIGIOUS COMMITTEE
During the past year 5770, the Religious Committee, under the direction and guidance of Rabbi
Jonathan Lubliner, continued its mission of helping to set a proper religious tone for the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. A key initiative was the selection of a new Mahzor for the High Holidays, Mahzor Lev
Shalem. This new Mahzor, published by the Rabbincal Assembly, has running commentaries that explain
each prayer. An added feature is a full transliteration of all songs. The selection of this Mahzor is aimed at
enhancing the worship experience for our members.
The coming year will provide more opportunity to activate additional sub committees to ensure the
synagogue’s long term vision. Together with Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Cohen and Hazzan Holzer we are
poised for yet another year of spiritual growth and commitment.
We would like to thank all active members of the Religious Committee for their service and
commitment during the past year:
Religious Committee Members 5770
Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Robert Bossen,
Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Dina Fetner, Etta Fialkow,
Janis Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg,
Phyllis Goldberg, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg,
Joseph Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid,
Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, David Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein,
Karen Southall, Dan Wohl, Howard Wolpoff and Evan Yegelwel
DAILY MINYAN CAPTAINS
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults, may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer
be recited. Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It
is because of them that you can recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those who served as minyan captains during the past
year: Robert Bossen, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Jack Mizrahi, Steven Mizrahi, David Schmerer, Harry
Shmunes, Russell Selevan, Edward Tannen, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan Yegelwel, Sandy Zimmerman and
Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week. Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce
Horovitz at 262-1087.
27
