Communities & Organizations ~4
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
This past year was one of innovative and
exciting adult education programming at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Under
the leadership of our Rabbis and Hazzan
our tried and true classes such as Monday
Morning Mapquest, Coffee and Torah, Intro
to Judaism, Beginner’s Hebrew, Talmud
class and Jewish Meditation were offered
throughout the weeks and months. Jewish Meditation even
got a more extended treatment as Michael Fixel led more
than 30 participants on a 2 hour mini-retreat in February.
We’ve discovered that the
synagogue is a place to get
creative in a variety of ways.
Congregants were able to
dabble in the arts, expressing
themselves artistically in
classes offered by Kimberly
Miller and Linda Parker.
Kimberly lead a four week session dedicated to Havdalah
traditions expressed in glass art, and
Linda offered a course entitled “Psalms
and Prayers in Art.” We also became
creative in the kitchen, as cooking classes
have become a popular activity for our
congregants and members of the greater
Jewish community. An enthusiastic crowd
of bakers and baker-wannabes attended
“Bake like Bubbe!” to learn how to bake ruggelah and
mandel bread. This class, taught by the staff of Margo’s
Catering, was a hit.
The Adult Education Committee was honored to bring
so many distinguished speakers to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center this year:
^ In conjunction with the Jewish Family and
Community Services Healing Network the JJC
welcomed Rabbi Simkha Weintraub, LCSW, who
presented a program entitled: “A Healing Word, A
Helping Hand.”
^ Jerry Honigman, author of a new book “A Quest for
Justice in the Middle East,” came for a Sunday morning
book talk and signing.
^ Two programs came to us from the Jewish Theological
Seminary:
$ Arnold Eisen, Chancellor of JTS, honored the
congregation and community by speaking on the
topic of “Training Leaders for the 21st Century.”
$ Dr. Benjamin Sommer, Professor of Bible and
Ancient Semitic Languages, gave a lively lecture
on the book of Exodus in a session entitled “The Tent
of Meeting and the Presence of God.”
> An Israeli Speaker Series sponsored jointly by the
Shorstein Family in memory of Bess K. Shorstein;
Ronnie and Joanie Levin in honor of their grandchildren;
and the Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture Fund presented
three evenings with Israeli authors.
$ Meron Benvenisti, Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem from
1971 - 1978, spoke on “Israel/Palestine: The
Meaning of Geo-Political ‘Status Quo.’”
$ Sammy Smooha, Dean of Social Sciences at Haifa
University, addressed the topic of “Is Israel
Western?”
$ Sayed Kashua, an Arab citizen of Israel, hosted a
discussion that was preceded by a screening of a
television series episode entitled “Arab Labor.”
One of the cornerstones of our adult education
programming is the annual Marilyn and Louis Safer
Shabbaton. This year Scholar in Residence, Professor Aaron
Demsky, joined us from Efrat, Israel. The theme of the
weekend was “Leaving No Stone Unturned... A Weekend
of Jewish Discovery,” and this covered an interesting range
of topics. These included: “What’s in a Jewish Name;”
“Jewish Table Manners;”
“The Jewish Calendar;” and
“Leaving No Stone Unturned,
The Excavations at the
Temple Mount.” A spirited
dessert reception was also
held at the home of Edward
and Mille Tannen. The
weekend was a marvelous
opportunity to learn from a
bible scholar and historian.
It has been an honor to
serve the congregation by
leading the Adult Education
Committee for the past
two years. I continue to
believe that as adults our
learning takes on new meaning and significance. Judaism
has so much to offer, and I encourage everyone in our
congregational family to
choose a topic and just get
started! I am grateful to my
committee and to the staff
of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center for the guidance and
support they have offered to
me during my chairmanship.
2009-2010 Committee Members
Beth Fleet - Chair
Ruben & Naomi Mirensky
Etta Fialkow
Susan Neadle
Michael Fixel
Lita Poehlman
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Bob Schvey
Dorri Kraus
Eyal Wirsansky
Deborah Leboire
Staff: Christina Levine
Joanne Lowell
Maura Silverstein
33
