Shorstein & Kelly
Attorneys at Law, p.a.
THE ADOPTION PROFESSIONALS
Michael A. Shorstein and Brian T. Kelly are now exclusively practicing in the field of adoptions.
V Matching and placement services V Identified adoptions V Interstate (ICPC) adoptions
V Grandparent, stepparent and relative adoptions V Contested adoptions
Creating families through successful adoptions is our goal.
BEST WISHES FORA HAPPY NEW YEAR!
m
Fellows of the
American Academy of
Adoption Attorneys
SAVES
We welcome your referrals.
Jacksonville Office: 3821 Atlantic Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32207 • (904) 348-6400
Daytona Office: 1540 Cornerstone Blvd., Suite 200, Daytona Beach, FL 32117» (386) 673-1234
Fax: (904) 348-6424 • Adoption@ShorsteinKelly.com
LexisNexis-
JNF reservoirs provide much
needed water for Israel's farmers.
JNF develops security roads to
allow Israelis to travel safely.
www.Adoption-USA.com
You may think you know JNF.
Over the past 106 years, Jewish National Fund has evolved from an organization that was known
for its blue boxes and tree planting into a worldwide environmental leader that does so much
more. The new JNF provides:
• Water Projects: JNF continues building reservoirs to provide viable solutions to Israel's water
shortage. Our 200 projects provide water to 1.5 million Israelis every day.
• Jewish Identity: JNF partners with programs like the Alexander Muss High School in Israel -
a transformative experience that promotes deep-rooted connections between American teens
and Israel.
• Community Development: As part of its 10-year, $600 million Blueprint Negev campaign,
JNF is building 25 new communities in the desert, revitalizing existing communities, and making
great strides towards transforming the city of Be'er Sheva with our River Park project.
• Security Roads: JNF is building and refurbishing security roads along the Lebanon and Gaza
borders to protect Israelis and provide parents and their children safe means of traveling to work
and school.
• Heritage Site Restoration: JNF is committed to protecting more than 250 irreplaceable
historic buildings and heritage sites associated with Israel's rebirth and history.
Join millions of contributors around the world and help JNF continue its vital work in caring for the
land and people of Israel.
Get to know us!
Visit wimv.jnf.org to learn more about our workor to be involved locally contact
Beth GlickmanMorris at 1 -888-563-0099 or binorris(fi)jnf. org
JNF is working with Israel's new
pioneers to develop the Negev.
FORESTRY * WATER • COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT • SECURITY
EDUCATION • RESEARCH • TOURISM & RECREATION • ECOLOGY
JNF, for
ISRAEL
28
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
