Special Events
5770 SIMHAT TORAH HONOREES
Marco Rand
Hatan Torah
Although our Hatan Torah grew up in New York, he became much more knowledgeable and active
in synagogue practice here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. He has acquired enough knowledge to
serve as Baal Tefilah and Baal Korei for the congregation, including at high holiday services. Marco
received his BA from Queens College in New York, and it was there that he met future bride, Robin.
He earned his dental degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1974. After service in the Air
Force in Columbus, Ohio, Marco moved to Jacksonville in 1977 to start what was to become his
life’s work at the Veterans Administration Outpatient Clinic. For the past 32 years Marco has had
the honor of caring for the dental needs of the veterans who live in the North Florida/South Georgia
area. During the last 13 years, Marco has been chief of the clinic’s Dental Unit. He is an Assistant Professor at the University
of Florida College of Dentistry. At the JJC Marco has been a long time member of our board, and has served on the Education
and Religious Committees. In 2003 he became chair of the Religious Committee. The Rands are members of a great Havurah
which marked its 30th Anniversary this past year. Marco enjoys travel and reveling in the achievements of his amazing wife
Robin, children Douglas, Jonathan, Lisa and daughter-in-law, Dafna.
Jack Bettman
Hatan Bereshit
Jack Bettman’s entire life has been intertwined with the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Jack is a third
generation Center member. The Center is truly “his synagogue,” the place where he grew up and
where he has celebrated all his family’s life cycle events. He has served on the Board of Directors
and Religious Committee, is a daily minyan captain, tutored confirmands, and has read Torah on
many Shabbat mornings. A graduate of the University of Virginia School of Law and a former
captain in the U.S. Army Judge Advocate General’s (JAG) Corps, Jack is a Jacksonville attorney.
He has served as chair of the General Practice Section of the Florida Bar, its Law School Education
Committee and the Workers’ Compensation Section of the Jacksonville Bar. Jack’s family is an
important part of his life. He and his wife Tricia have four children, all educated at the Day School: Herschel, Katie, Seth and
Dori, and an adorable grandson Hayes.
Joanne Rosenberg
Aishet Chayil
Joanne Rosenberg was bom in Chicago, raised in Wheaton, IL, and moved to Florida in 1976
where she found her wonderful husband, Sandy. She was trained as a buyer in Chicago at Chas and
worked locally for Jill Stevens and French Novelty. Joanne held many PTA positions, including
PTA president in 1994 at the Day School. As her children moved on to middle school in Orange
Park, Joanne also became PTA President of St. Johns Country Day School. She has held numerous
positions in the Clay County Dental Auxiliary and chaired Orange Park Dental Health Month with
the schools. At the Center, Joanne has been a long time member of our board. She has served on the
Finance and Education Raffle Committees, serving as co-chair for the Education Raffle. Sisterhood
has also filled a special place in Joanne’s heart and she has held many officer positions, including treasurer, vice president and
president. She is especially proud of being a past Region Leadership Award winner. She has served on the Women’s League
Region Board for more than four years and recently served as a Hadassah President for Tikvah. Joanne is extremely grateful to
have a wonderful husband and supporting daughters that allow her to spend a great deal of time volunteering.
!■■■■
29
