Communities & Organizations
WHAT IS SISTERHOOD?
Sisterhood is women
who know that when
you need friendship,
togetherness and support,
Sisterhood is the place to go.
Sisterhood is women
who know that if they are
looking for educational
opportunities, Sisterhood
provides a wide array,
including this year’s Hot
Topic and Unbook Club.
And if getting together
and having fun is on the agenda, Sisterhood has great events
on the calendar like Casino Night, Mystery Theater and a
Scavenger Hunt with Men’s Club.
Sisterhood is women who know that through our dues
and fund raising our Sisterhood is able to give scholarships
to help our youth attend Camp Ramah, USY on Wheels and
summer Israel programs. We are proud that our Sisterhood
has donated funds to the JJC Preschool. Sisterhood also
contributes to help maintain the Center’s kitchen, provide
snacks to our children during the Holidays and operate our
Judaica Shop.
Sisterhood is women who know that through gifts to
Torah Fund, we support the Jewish Theological Seminary
and protect the continuity of Jewish life by ensuring there
are Rabbis, Cantors and professionals for the future. In fact,
all three of our clergy are JTS graduates. Our dedication to
Torah Fund and the Seminary are seen every year in the gifts
we make and the pins we wear.
Sisterhood is women who work and give. In recent years
we have given our time, energy and money to do a variety of
mitzvot including making blankets for hospitalized children,
painting and furnishing a youth crisis center, knitting caps for
Whether you are looking for avenues of self exploration,
strengthening your family, our synagogue and our
schools, or just want to have a little fun...we have a place
for you at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood.
Past Presidents Council
Sybil Ansbacher, Gayle Bailys, Shirley Bielski,
Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Annetta Komblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg,
Maxine Romo, Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler,
Shirley Schinasi, Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott
Israeli soldiers, and providing books for children who have
none at home.
Sisterhood at the Center is a part of the Women’s League
for Conservative Judaism, the largest synagogue based
women’s organization in the world. By becoming a member
of Center Sisterhood our members are not only participating
in our local community but are involved in an international
organization that is the voice of Conservative Jewish Women
around the world. Through Women’s League, Sisterhood
has representation at the United Nations, aids Masorti/
Conservative Congregations in Israel and supports efforts
aiding women and women’s causes worldwide.
Sisterhood is the heart of this Center. Sisterhood women
are the women who get things done. Just like the mission
of Women’s League is to strengthen and unite Sisterhoods
and perpetuate Conservative/Masorti Judaism, it is this
Sisterhood’s mission to enrich the lives of our members and
strengthen this synagogue community.
Center Sisterhood women gather to study, socialize and yes,
work. The list of Sisterhood’s activities is long. No matter how
you look at it, Sisterhood women keep the flame of Judaism
glowing. Our members commitment to Shabbat at home,
activities in the shul, and personal enrichment are what sustain
Jewish life here at the Center and globally. We should all be so
proud of what we do. I know I am proud to represent you.
Lara Werwa
Sisterhood President
2010-2012 OFFICERS
President
Membership
Lara Werwa
Vice Presidents
Rachel Morgenthal
Education Vice President
and Jen Katz
Kim Glasgal
Treasurer
Program Vice President
Marla Lewis
Rebecca Fixel
Financial Secretary
Torah Fund
Meryl Rittenberg
Vice Presidents
Cindy Wohl and
Recording Secretary
Estelle Kritz
Rebekah Selevan
Youth Vice President
Corresponding Secretary
Faye Mizrahi
Lita Poehlman
Ways and Means
Social Secretary
Vice Presidents
Judie Benwick
Kathy Stark
35
