P— Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
In so many
ways our present
and future are
often formed
by our past. In
the recent past,
the Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Membership
Committee has
focused its efforts
on continuously
providing a
welcoming environment for our members and
the larger Jacksonville Jewish community. Being welcoming, however, is only the first component of how we
hope to view membership at the Center. Looking forward, as we remain passionate about opening our doors,
it is critical that we use our welcoming ways to create a Kehillat Kesher - A Community of Connection. As
such, when we make deeper connections internally, our congregation is elevated above a simple fee for service
organization and instead becomes a spiritual center that supports our members in good times and bad. Externally, a
connected community can then better fulfill the commitment that we make to the greater community and its future.
The membership committee is very proud of the programming and services that we provide to connect all of
our members ... new and established, young and old, families and singles. Here is a sampling of what has been
offered this year.
> Warm greetings welcomed everyone, not only on the holidays, but on every Shabbat, too.
> We extended hospitality to new and established members for Shabbat and Holiday dinners.
> As we’ve done previously, we featured monthly family services and Shabbat dinners, but this year we also
added special dinners and activities for Singles and Empty Nester members.
> A late summer New & Prospective Member Event included swimming, board games and complimentary lunch.
> Our New Member Shabbat provided a warm Friday night service at the Center and was followed by dinner
for new members at established members’ homes.
> During our Annual Tiyul to Shul a special program called Building Community: An Interactive Sanctuary
Experience gave all members a chance to connect and get to know each other during Shabbat service.
> For members looking to give back to our community, we helped them connect with volunteer opportunities
and had a recognition ceremony at our Annual Meeting for all the “Indians & Chiefs” who make our
synagogue the vibrant place that it is.
In ways that we don’t even realize, we are ALL really a part of the Membership Committee. By welcoming,
greeting, hosting or even just visiting with other members ... whether new or existing ... we are all participating
in creating a Community Connected. Thank you for choosing to be a part of this special community.
Wishing you all a sweet, peaceful and healthy New Year.
Christina Levine
Director of Membership & Development
2009-2010 Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP COORDINATOR - Maura Silverstein
MEMBERSHIP VP - Dina Fetner
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR - Sue Levine
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Shirley Bielski, Moti Demri, Holly Ernas, Etta Fialkow,
Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg, Polina Koropova,
Robin Morris, Jeanine Rogozinski, Melanie Setzer,
Stephanie Teitelbaum, Joan Waitz, Lara Werwa,
Cindy Wohl, Beth Wolpoff and Talie Zaifert.
32
