r Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool ^
LOCATED IN THE SELEVAN PRESCHOOL & DAY CARE CENTER
There are many jewels in this building. One sparkling, busy, messy, loud, full of life
gem is located just down the hall. It is called the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool. As
we like to call it, it is a “Home away from Home” for the children and families who step in
its doors. We view each child as a unique, precious gift entrusted in our care.
I want to share with you some of the stories our preschool parents have shared with me.
A parent once told me this sweet story. She was driving down San Jose Blvd. and from
the back seat her 3 year old son asked, “Mom, have you ever seen Hashem?” What surprised
her was not that he asked if she had ever seen Hashem but that he used the word Hashem.
They did not use this word at home. He told her he had learned this word at school.
Another mom shared with me that her daughter asked her if she would come on her
class field trip to River Garden. She told her that she had made hamentaschen and stated
that her class would be doing a mitzvah by giving them to the people at River Garden. “Do
I care that she used the word ‘mitzvah’?” the mom asked. “Not necessarily, it warms my
heart that she wants to make the gift and that she’s connecting it back to something she’s
been exposed to at school, which is that we take care of one another.”
At a recent parent meeting we shared stories about Passover and our family seders.
One mom beamed as she told us her story. She said that this had been one of the best seders
she ever had. She and four other families with young children celebrated together. Each family was asked to bring the many
Passover treasures that their children had made. The hosting mom set out all the seder plates, Elijah cups, afikomen bags,
frogs, ten plagues books and more that all the children had made at our school. It was a gorgeous display. They began their
evening with a Passover circle time. The children were able to lead most of the songs and the telling of the story.
Every day I hear these types of endearing stories & find that our kids amaze us. This is why I chose this preschool -1
wanted my daughters to leam how special it is to be Jewish. When I first walked into the JJC Preschool, I felt immediately at
home. My faculty and 1 strive each day to help our parents feel this connection. This doesn’t come from simply walking into
a friendly environment and hearing kids singing, it comes from something deeper - it comes from walking into our school
and hearing kids sing the Shema, watching as they peek out from their tent dressed up as Sarah and Avraham to welcome
their friends, it comes from watching as they wave the Israeli flags they made and singing “Kachol v’lavan”. These are the
types of experiences our young preschoolers are having with us each day.
I recently read an article by llene Vogelstein entitled “If Not Now, When?”
She wrote,
“Among all forms of Jewish education, early childhood Jewish education holds one of the greatest potentials for the
future viability of the North American Jewish community. It instills a Jewish identity in children, one that is permanently
imprinted in their brains and that will remain with them throughout their lives, ft strengthens the Jewish identity and practice
of families, provides a significant venue for adults to connect with other Jewish adults and serves as a pivotal gateway into
further involvement and commitment to Jewish life and the Jewish community.”
At this stage of their lives, parents of young children are open to considering questions of identity and connection for
themselves and their children. The raising of young children offers Jewish communities an unrivaled opportunity to engage
young families and deepen their Jewish journeys.
As one of my favorite college professors used to say, “the magic is in the journey.” We at the JJC Preschool see and feel
this magic each day. - Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Director
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Preschool Assistant Director
Jen Katz
Administrative Assistant
