Kids Club
KIDS CLUB CATERS TO ALL
Robyn Ossi
Kids Club Coordinator
The Jacksonville Jewish Center offers an outstanding after-school program for one
year olds through 5th graders. Kids Club, our extended day program, meets the needs of
our families by providing nurturing, engaging, educational and fun programming.
Our kids will become Jr. JJC Green Team Members as they learn about how to
take care of our environment and perform the mitzvot of tikkun olam, “repairing the
world” through human actions. We will explore the habitats of the world, learning about
what makes each unique and important. We will “journey” through the rain forests,
ocean, deserts, fresh waters, grasslands, arctic and urban habitats. We will learn about
the special characteristics and animal inhabitants of each through stories, arts and crafts,
indoor and outdoor games, experimentation, cooking, music and more.
In addition to our Kids Club program, the Jacksonville Jewish Center has amped
up their after-school enrichment classes for the Fall of 2010. Parents do not have to
pick up their children and drive them to karate, ballet or soccer. They can choose the
convenience and excellence of our wonderful programs. Our classes are open to all JJC
students and the entire community.
Specialty classes are offered daily at a variety of times. We are thrilled to welcome back our fabulous Art
Impressions class, led by Kimberly Miller, our variety of dance programs including Ballet, Jazz, YogalPilates Mix,
& Fairy Tales in Motion, led by Lynn Matthews from Mark Spivak’s Dance Studios, Soccer led by Jay Golomb of
JYSC, and Karate led by Sun Belt Karate Studio.
In addition to these solid classes, we are delighted to add some new innovative sessions this Fall. We have added
a Music & Movement class for our preschoolers, and a Music Theatre class for our 1st through 5th graders, both led
by Jeanine Hoff. We are excited to add a stimulating Mad Science workshop, Lacrosse training by GESA, and Girls
on the Run led by Betsy Mizrahi and Stephanie Teitelbaum. We are proud of Kids Club and the service we provide
for our families. For more details about all
the terrific programs offered through the JJC
Early Childhood Department, please contact
Shereen Canady at 268-4200 ext. 143.
89
