P Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
LOCATED IN THE GORDON-HECHT-BOSSEN EDUCATION CENTER
I am very excited to be the new head of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I have spent the last four and a half years
as the founding head of the Solomon Schechter Day School of Las Vegas (also
housed in a Conservative congregation, Temple Beth Sholom,) where I helped
build a new school from its original six students to a full K-5 elementary school of
nearly eighty-five. When I began looking for my next headship and community,
it was very important for my family and 1 to find a school rich with both tradition
and potential located in a dynamic Jewish community. Our visit to MJGDS
satisfied us on all accounts. Our decision to move to Jacksonville is not just a
professional one - we have come to raise our children in a place we hope is our
home for years to come.
I am very much looking forward to partnering with MJGDS parents to
ensure that there is a floor, but no ceiling, for each student in our school. It is my
goal to successfully maximize the academic, social and spiritual development of
each student. What makes a great Jewish Day School “Jewish” is not limited to
the Jewish Studies curriculum. It is in the language in which Jewish values are
expressed. It is helping to make Jewish behaviors - kashmt, Shabbat, tefillah, etc. - normative for students
when those behaviors are often anything but. Perhaps most importantly, our students will be the menchen who
will one day lead this Jewish community.
Under my leadership, the Day School will continue to integrate technology in the classroom, progress
Hebrew language acquisition through deep immersion, and grow our students’ global vision with Israel at
its center. To me, there is no more serious responsibility a person can have than being entrusted with the
education of a child. This is a trust that I, and the teachers of MJGDS, will work tirelessly to earn. Working
together, we can be sure that the future of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is bright.
My wife, Jaimee, and daughters, Eliana and Maytal, join me in wishing the entire community a shana tova
umetuka, a good and sweet new year.
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of School
Jon Mitzmacher
Rabbi Rafi Cohen
School Rabbi
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Talie Zaifert Robyn
Director of Marketing Sabatt-Waring
& Admissions Executive Assistant
Administrative
Assistant
90
