A UNITED SYNAGOGUE OF CONSERVATIVE JUDAISM FRAMEWORK FOR EXCELLENCE SCHOOL
As the 2009-2010 school year ended in 1IW>r
May, we were able to look back on an amazing ¡RvIlH
year of growth, mitzvot, memories and happy llfcy)Jl ■BHIiggijES^
experiences. The Religious School continued
to develop the traditional strengths of our religious school curriculum, while the
new two day/week schedule and other changes that were made last year gave
new depth and dimensions to Religious School programming. The emphasis on
community and intensifying the strong partnership with the extended Jacksonville
Jewish Center family has enriched the school and provided the children with a
positive and comfortable atmosphere in which to grow.
The expanded Sunday program has allowed the addition of a wider variety
of experiential programs for students and their parents, and they have enjoyed
becoming a regular part of morning minyan and holiday services right alongside
congregants of all ages. On Wednesday afternoons, the school begins together
with a Mincha (afternoon) service, led by the students with growing expertise as
Lois Tompkins
Director
they develop prayer, community and leadership skills. Children enjoy a light family-style dinner on Wednesday
evenings and the teachers kvell as their students recite blessings before they eat and Birkat HaMazon
afterwards with great ruachl
By expanding 2nd grade into a 2 day per week program, teachers are now able to introduce the Hebrew
reading and prayer curriculum at an earlier age. The addition of the 8th grade this past year is allowing the
school to structure a true, exciting middle school program for older students. This August, we will begin to
introduce United Synagogue’s Etgar curriculum, which incorporates cooperative learning, hands-on activities
such as mitzvot projects and courtroom-style debates, and individual Hebrew prayer instruction. 8th graders
will attend on Shabbat instead of Sundays under the guidance of staff as they transition into involved, active
members of the Jewish community as young adults in our congregation.
As always, the program continues to incorporate art, music, computer technology and experiential
programming into the curriculum. All students will still be individually tracked, and a special education
professional is on hand to work with children and teachers in an inclusive environment. The school’s signature
family programs will, of course, continue to provide a rich blend of home and synagogue education. The
children are the winners as the JJC Religious School continues to grow and flourish!
L’Shanah tova,
Lois B. Tompkins
98
