Youth Activities
CAMP KI TOY
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Erica Jolles
Camp Ki Toy Director
Summer 2010 at Camp Ki Tov was another HUGE success!! Almost
half the staff from the prior year returned to camp anxious to see the growth
of the children from last summer and eager to meet new campers. The
children arrived the first day excited and ready to show their spirit with the
hopes of receiving the coveted spirit stick. During our first week, Mission
Impossible, campers learned a few self-defense karate moves and proved just
about anything is possible as they got to know their counselors and bonded with the other campers.
Once again, each week’s activities revolved around themes such as Fun and Fitness, Future You and
Camp Ki Tov’s Got Talent. Our visitors provided campers with fun and educational entertainment. We
watched Sarah Russell, preschool VPK teacher, and her dog in competitive Frisbee catching; Michelle
Jacobs from First Coast News shared with us what it is like to be a newscaster on television; and we were
extremely lucky to have a visit from DIDGERIDOO DOWN UNDER - a one-of-a-kind, Australia-themed
presentation, combining music, education, motivation, entertainment and character building. Over the
course of the summer we adventured out to the Jacksonville Main Library to see a short play and had lunch
at the Florida Theatre; went to UNF to see Garry Krinsky present Toying with Science; and had our own
private movie screening during and at the San Marco Theatre.
Throughout the summer we were incredibly fortunate to have both Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Cohen
lead interesting Judaic-related activities and Hazzan Holzer spend Shabbat with all age campers. Building
on last summer’s program, Rabbi Dov Kentof spent time with the children teaching them lessons from his
series “When a Jew seeks Wisdom. ” We were also visited again by counselors from Israel who spent three
days engaged with our campers. Cooking became a weekly scheduled event with some wonderful “mommy”
chef volunteers who enjoyed a day at camp while helping campers make yummy kosher treats.
Our objective this summer was to build on the momentum from the previous year and we think most would agree we more
than achieved this goal. While we may have set this goal, it was the involvement and support from many who made it attainable.
Simply stated it is because of the cohesive efforts of the JJC clergy and administration; the loving parents; and the tremendous staff
of young men and women that Summer 2010 at Camp Ki Tov was another awesome success!!
Have a wonderful, happy and healthy year and we look forward to creating more memories with your children during summer
2011 at Camp KiTov!!
U Shana Tova,
Erica Jolles and Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Early Childhood Director
115
