===== PAGE 1 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Yearbook
«■
( Frank H.Hammerman Isaac Davis Elias Piltorr David M<
acob Lapinsky Harry Finkelstein Max Rubin Abe Newman
ry Gendzier Joseph Hackel Harry Leff Phillip Selber
pip r ^
'hillip Bork Robert J. Gordon Ralph Mizrahi
i i i • r jPiljiBL?
Burton Grossman Judge Loi
Jack Becker Nathan Freidlin
mLjd Wilbur Margol Jacklffiorstein
rfBpRi Sheldon Gendzier Lawrence DuBow
lb ‘ 1 Samuel “Bud” Shorstein Nathan Krestul
Sol Proctor Dr. Joseph Honigman
¡IT Eugene Kornblum Marsha Pollock Stuart Hecht
“ Mark Shorstein Michael Shorstein Philip Bloom
n Sanford Zimmerman Mitchell Levine
Jeffery .Miifp|É
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimme
===== PAGE 2 =====
OÍ! II ¡i
What drives Jacksonville?
From Mercedes-Benz to Porsche to Lexus, and now SMART,
The Brumos Companies have driven Jacksonville for over
50 years. The Brumos heritage is reflected in its incredible
line of luxury vehicles and dealerships with a dedication to
customers and employees.
Affordable prices, like pre-owned luxury vehicles under
$20,000, and a commitment to quality service, have propelled
The Brumos Companies to become one of the most storied
dealership teams in the country. Brumos remains dedicated
to the community and focused on serving its growing
customer base with the recent addition of new facilities in
Orange Park, Florida. Please visit a Brumos Company near
you and experience what drives Jacksonville.
Brumos ©
MOTOR CARS INC. ¿ZZT Mercedes-Benz
Stmvuca. 4. 7*9n¿c/íc /iutíuvUttf
Brumos
Porsche
Of= ^jficzk sonvii_UE
Mercedes-Benz
of Orange Park
O smart
Themmm^
B
rumos
COMPANIES
www.Brumos.com
===== PAGE 3 =====
“Best Farmers Market in Jax” Folio Weekly, Fall, 2009
“In all I spent $20 at the (Jacksonville) Farmers' Market. The same amount of groceries
would be $40.46 at the local supermarkets. ” Julia cmwiey, First coast News
Comparison Shopping the Jacksonville Farmers Market, 5/23/2008
Save 50% or More by Shopping at the...
C^JacksonvilleJ^^
Farmers Market
Home of up to 200 Farmers and Vendors providing the WIDEST selection
of PRODUCE in North Florida - arriving FRESH daily.
- RETAIL - WHOLESALE -
Featuring Organic, Ethnic, Specialty, Seasonal & Unique Agricultural Products and Plants
Open 365 Days a Year - Dawn to Dusk
Now Open
Andy’s
Farmers Market
Grill
Breakfast & Lunch
Snacks & More
Mon.-Fri.: 6:30 AM-3:30 PM
Sat.: 7 AM-4 PM
Convenient Drive-Up Parking
jaxfarmersmarket.com
Celebrating 73_ Years as
Jacksonville’s Largest &
Florida’s Oldest
Farmers Market
- Since 1938 - Newly Rebuilt in 2007-
Located at the Beaver Street Viaduct
1810 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
904-354-2821
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
The Best Tasting and Healthiest frozen yogurt is made from scratch daily at
Happy Cup using the highest quality organic and all natural ingredients!
Taste the difference at one of our two self-serve
locations:
Atlantic Beach
299-2 Atlantic Boulevard
Atlantic Beach, Florida
32233
904-372-4059
Tinseltown
9734-4 Deer Lake Court
Jacksonville, Florida
32246
904-379-9382
online: myhappycup.com & facebook
Happy Cup is founded by, owned
and operated by Jacksonville natives
Angela and Aaron Levine.
2
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
Table of Contents
Janis Dorman
Advertising Editor
Beth Wolpoff
Yearbook Editor
Photographers:
Gayle Bailys, Stephanie Teitelbaum,
Lois Tompkins, Lita Poehlman, Talie Zaifert,
Howard Wolpoff, Edith Horovitz and
Christina Levine
Proofreaders:
Michael Dubow, Howard Wolpoff,
Claudia Margolis, Christina Levine,
Maura Silverstein, Cassie Vichozsky,
Gayle Bailys, Rabbi Lubliner
and Lori Schoettler
Cover designed by Raymond Cohen
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for making
this publication possible, but also for the support
you lend to our many activities. We urge our
members to reciprocate with their patronage.
Advertisers ’ claims of kashrut do not imply
certification of such by the Jacksonville Jewish
Center
Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904-292-1000
www.jaxjewishcenter.com
This directory is for informational purposes.
It is not intended to be a roster of the
Center Membership.
ADMINISTRATION
Administration’s Message 17
Board of Directors 22
Center Personnel 19
Hazzan’s Message 15
Margo’s Catering 19
Officers 23
Past Presidents 24-25
President’s Message 21
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 11
Rabbi Cohen’s Message 13
Ritual Director’s Message 26
JJC PHONE DIRECTORY 117
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMITTEES
Adult Education 33
Center Cemetery / Hevra Kaddisha 55
Choir 31
JJC GreenTeam 31
Men’s Club 36-37
Membership 32
Minyan Captains, Religious Committee 27
Sisterhood 34 - 35
CALENDAR 163-168
COMMUNITY / SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTINGS ... 116
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 189-194
DIRECTORY OF MEMBERS 119-161
EDUCATION
Day School Classes, Teachers, Activities 91 - 97
Day School Head of School Message 90
Early Childhood Director’s Message 84
Early Childhood Classes, Activities 85 - 87
Education Milestones 103
Kids Club 89
L’Dor V’Dor Society 80
Excellence in Education Brunch 81
Makom 102
PTA 83
Religious School Classes, Activities 99 - 101
Religious School Director’s Message 98
Shalom Baby 88
GREETINGS 169- 188
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 41 - 43
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 45 - 47
Dearly Departed 57
Weddings 49 - 53
MEMORIALS 59-79
SPECIAL EVENTS
Presidential Tribute 4-9
Simhat Torah Honorees 29
YOUTH
Camp Ki Tov 115
Center Youth Commission 105
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 107-111
Scouting 39
Summer Youth Programs 113
Youth Director’s Message 105
3
===== PAGE 6 =====
Volunteers don’t get paid, not because they’re worthless, but because they’re priceless.
~Sherry Anderson
vduuvccerLs/tv is a dynamic expression of support. When members
choose to support the JJC with something as precious as their time, people sit up and take
notice. The past presidents of the JJC have set the bar for leadership, as an example to others
that if we really want the Center to be all it can be, people need to think “we” and not just “me”.
Our past presidents have relocated our building, members and Torah scrolls; added middle
schools and high schools; paid off mortgages and developed other fundraising campaigns to
move our Congregation into the best place it needed to be, during their time.
This year’s Center Yearbook is dedicated to our past presidents who allowed the Center to
benefit from their generous contributions of time, energy and heart.
4
===== PAGE 7 =====
It is hard to express in words how it felt to be President. Physically, it was a lot of time spent at the
Center. Emotionally, it was one of the most rewarding jobs, with definite peaks and valleys. Spiritually, it
elevated my appreciation of Judaism to a level that I would not have been able to achieve otherwise.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a unique place and seeing how each Congregant uses our Synagogue,
in times of happiness and times of grief, for spiritual, religious and educational pursuits, provided me as
President, with an understanding and appreciation of Synagogue life and the immense impact it has on the
lives of us all.
Like an instant hot water system that works on demand, the Synagogue’s clergy and staff, must be
available on demand to handle all of the needs of the Congregation. They must handle these needs with care, with discretion,
with tenderness, with understanding and with love, and often in times of crisis. And being able to be a part of that was what
made me realize how truly blessed we are to have this great place at the center of our lives.
When I first joined the Center, I had just gotten married to my wife, Linda, and having come from the Temple,
Conservative Judaism was a little unfamiliar to me. I was a twice a year service attendee. After the Bat Mitzvahs of my
daughters, Lauren and Sasha, I got involved. My father-in-law, Sonny Waitz, got me going to Minyan every Thursday morning
and I joined committees and became a regular Shabbat morning attendee. Naturally, as a contractor, I drifted towards House
committee and soon became Chairman. My involvement continued as I started Talmud class and took a class to learn Hebrew
again. Finally, I became President and Thursday morning Minyan Captain.
I tell you my story to illustrate how I was able to grow at the Center, through volunteer work, through service attendance,
and through religious observance. I discovered that each Congregant had their own unique story and what was most delightful,
was that the Center was able to accommodate each Congregants journey into Judaism and Center life and I encourage each of
you to take advantage of the many opportunities that await you at this wonderful place.
Shana Tova,
Philip Bloom
■■■■
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
Because of my age I find it difficult to ‘look back” with any degree of accuracy or intelligence. .. and
besides “the good old days” were not all that good. . . today, tomorrow and the future is what we should be
looking at. I know. . . I know. .. it’s always nice to look back and reflect. . . learn from those wise folks who
have come before us. . . but, I’m not that smart and I doubt my contribution as President of the Center bore
any significance worth documenting.
What my term as President of the Jacksonville Jewish did teach me. . . and what impressed me. . . is the
need for me to stay committed to a Jewish way of life and to the institution that allowed me to gain a deep
insight as to how the Conservative Jewish movement operates. More significantly, I came to understand that
after leaving the office of President, I wasn’t “leaving”. . . I was just beginning my total involvement with the Center. I had gone
through a process of learning and understanding the needs of the Center with a close up view. . . and since then I have made
every effort to contribute where needed to assure the success of the Center. . . the schools and the programs that bring Jewish
fulfillment to the members.
Certainly each past President can cite specific instances and items that were significant to them and the congregation.. . all
of which have been extremely helpful to the success of our synagogue. I choose to think that what I am now doing will make
a greater difference in the future of the Center. . . and if each past President would come forth, bringing with them all their
knowledge, experience, financial capability and accomplishments of the past, the Jacksonville Jewish Center would certainly
prosper, grow and maintain its religious vitality.
Well. . . those are my thoughts. . . do with ‘em as you wish.
Laurie DuBow
My term as president began in May of 1976. We had moved from Third and Silver to Crown Point Road
a year earlier. The new building provided opportunities to revitalize old programs and create new ones.
Unfortunately, with that came a mortgage and increased operation expenses. We began my term with the
mortgage technically in default, unpaid bills, a cash flow shortage, and a budget with an operating deficit.
The sale of our old building had been expected to ease the burden of the mortgage, but there was no sign
of buyer.
A group got together and we began an aptly named “Ein Breira” campaign. My first year was spent with
leadership working on raising money. In all my years at the Center I have never seen such dedication. We
also looked at the budget, cut the little bit of fat and then cut useful but not vital items.
I considered my term a success, not because of the programs that I would dearly have liked to work on, but just because we
were in much better financial shape when the new administration took over.
Sheldon Gendzier
Our country began its military engagement in Kuwait and Iraq just minutes before the start of our annual
raffle. I led the congregation in a moment of silence. That night, we celebrated the achievement of our
schools, but the atmosphere was tinged with the uncertainty of the country’s military initiative.
Every month, a big box of checks prepared by our bookkeeper Inez would be presented to me for my
signature. To avoid increasing our deficit, painful decisions were required. When challenged, however, our
I congregation was actually much stronger than I could have imagined.
Walking through the building on any given Sunday, I would see Minnie Schrieber, on her knees, stacking
books in the library; a sweaty Ben Setzer summoned from the gym to the chapel to make a minyan; a soon to
be Bat Mitzvah girl chanting her prayers with Cantor Fox; Kathy Osterer waiting on a customer in the gift shop; or Dov Kentof
piloting our children in Noah’s Ark in the Fletcher-Selber Auditorium.
Jeff Morris
6
===== PAGE 9 =====
0For over 109 years the Jacksonville Jewish Center has been meeting the challenge of changing times. For 18
years I went from a Board Member to President of Sisterhood and PTA to President of the Congregation. Twenty
two years have passed since I served as the Congregation President and we are still in a time of great change, but
our goals remain the same- the perpetuation of Conservative Judaism. It is the emphasis and the implementation
which may exhibit some differences.
The synagogue was in the midst of transition. We moved in this location in 1976 and were remodeling and adding
on to our building. The building was closed off except for the main sanctuary. Administration was housed in trailers.
The accounting system and records were almost non existent. We faced a deadline in our building completion, as the school year
approached, followed immediately by the coming of the high holidays.
Looking back I am not sure how we did it- the school opened on schedule and with no parking to speak of we managed to observe
the high holidays in an orderly fashion.
Our Executive Director was Eric Reiter and he and our staff worked days, nights, and Sunday’s along side our architecture, building
fund and house committees to make this happen. I am pleased to report our deficit was reduced due to the continuous response of our
members to a new Patron’s campaign. In addition and most encouraging was the fact that the congregation responded to a significant
dues increase.
Our accounting system was revamped and statements going out in a timely fashion improved our cash flow. Our budget and finance
teams brought us to the point that we closed the year with a balanced budget.
We mapped out a plan of action for greater productivity to meet the immediate needs and at least some of the long range needs-
they included a full time Cantor, a more efficient computer system, and long range programs such as wills and requests and archives.
Programs reinstituted over the year were young family shabbaf s and men’s club.
Having worked with Rabbi David Gaffney for the previous eighteen years I thought I knew what to expect from him. The
relationship between the Rabbi and the President gives the President a chance to see the incredible number of hours he spent with
members of the congregation, attending meetings, fundraising, performing life cycle functions, teaching, and most especially preparing
his sermons for Shabbat.
Rabbi Dov Kentof added his special talents to our rabbinic staff instituting the family counsel and youth group programming. Our
youth group programs were not only the largest in our city but have become an example in our entire region. The college program
helped fulfill our hope that the synagogue will remain a part of our children’s lives while they are away at college.
In his book “Tale of Two Cities” Charles Dicken said “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times”. I must borrow this quote
to explain the two years of my term. In these two years unfortunately not all of the news was good- we suffered some permanent losses
with the passing of colleagues Annie Mae Fort, Tim Riley, Esther Fishier, Kenneth Bowden and Cantor A1 Marton.
After many years our current lay Cantor Joel Bressler would be moving. As is the custom here at the Center, our lay members
rallied and covered this loss.
A number of building fund projects remain to be completed: the Donor’s Wall and Memorial Pylons were underway for those
completions.
Oliver Wendall Holmes said “the great thing in the world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving”.
For the most part, the two years were the best of times for me although the planning wasn’t always smooth and easy. The efforts
of this administration were not readily accepted by all. The accomplished work was due to many. Past President, Gene Komblum, was
always there to listen. The board and the staff of office, school, and maintenance were crucial to the success. Without all of them, the
phone calls wouldn’t have been answered, the correspondence prepared and mailed, the programs developed, the children educated, or
the daily observances of Judaism held.
The JJC is all about providing a Jewish education and Jewish way of life for our members. The JJC is the largest congregation in
Jacksonville with a membership of over 800 and truly is a family. Our members support us financially and the volunteers support with
hard work and caring.
In 1901 the foundation was laid and in 1988-90 we continued to grow and prosper. From Pirke Avot, the teaching of our fathers,
the Hebrew translates to read.. .’’it is not your job to complete the work, but you are not free to walk away from it”.
As I transitioned from this important leadership position, Jeffrey Morris, was there eager to oversee our amazing congregation
continue to grow and prosper.
1 am not the same women that was installed in 1988, as my horizons were expanded because of this fulfilling opportunity and for
this honor I THANK YOU.
Marsha Pollock
===== PAGE 10 =====
Tribute
My term as president began uniquely after the only contested election in the history of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. A group of individuals who wanted change nominated a slate of its group to run for the board
of directors to oppose the nominees of the Center nominating committee. I had been nominated for president
and my wife Sylvia and my brother Bud had been nominated for the Board of Directors. However, none
of the officers had opposition, only nominees for the Board of Directors were opposed and included in the
nominees who were being opposed were Sylvia and Bud. At the largest general meeting in the history of the
Center, the officers and directors nominated by the nominating committee were overwhelmingly elected.
The group that wanted the change resigned from the Center and organized the Beth Shalom Congregation.
Although it was initially a difficult time financially for the Center, the members who remained loyal gave generously and
willingly cooperated to make the Center a stronger and more unified congregation.
During my term as president we (1) Engaged Rabbi David Gaffney who remained our spiritual leader for 29 years;
(2) Selected the architects to design the building of our new Synagogue Center Complex; (3) Contracted with the Auchter
Construction Company to build our Center and to work with the architects and members of our congregation to be sure that our
new facilities could be built in an efficient way that would meet our needs; (4) Negotiated and finalized the exchange of land
so that we could make our main entrance on Crown Point Road; (5) Began fund-raising to pay for the construction and engaged
Milton Hood Ward, a New York company to advise and help with the fund-raising; (6) Planned the ground breaking ceremony
for September 16, 1973; and (7) Began making plans to sell our Third and Silver Street property.
Since the new Synagogue Center Complex was begun during my presidency, but was not completed until later, I felt an
obligation to sell the Third and Silver Street property. It was critical because we needed the cash to make payments on the new
mortgage, the insurance company threatened to cancel our insurance on the empty buildings and the local tax collector threatened
to cancel our real estate tax exemption because we were only using the property for daily minyans. It was difficult to find a buyer
because of the location and the deteriorating structures. However, after very extensive, sometimes disappointing and stressful
negotiations, Bud and I managed to sell the property to the U.S. Department of Labor for $400,000 cash.
It was a challenging period and I know that it was successful thanks to the encouragement and support of my family, close
friends and congregants who gave so unselfishly of their time.
Jack Shorstein
It was an honor to serve as Center president as our synagogue approached its 100th anniversary. As a fifth
generation Center member, and third generation Center officer, my family’s roots were firmly planted here.
Giving back to the Center was a labor of love.
As with most successful ventures, the years from 1998 to 2000 at the Center benefitted from the talents of
a number of dedicated people.
Michael DuBow provided creative and bold leadership for the Education Committee and the newly
named Galinsky Educational Programs. Plans were made for a new technology coordinator to provide state-
of-the-art computer instruction. For the first time, joint funds from the Federation and the Center offered Day
School financial aid to members of all synagogues, ensuring availability of a Jewish education to any Jewish child.
The Finance Committee, led by Michael Shorstein, worked to meet the challenge of financing expanding services and
programs. We completely paid off the building mortgage, and celebrated with a mortgage burning ceremony. This was likely the
first time in history that the Center was ever debt-free.
All of the officers and committee chairs dedicated many hours to ensure quality programs and a continuing legacy. We held
a number of parlor meetings at congregants’ homes to talk to members and hear feedback about governance issues and Center
programs, answer questions, hear opinions, and invite greater participation.
It was a particular joy working with the Center professionals - who were not only our professionals but also our friends -
Bruce Horovitz, Rabbi Gaffney, Rabbi Kentof, Mr. Kennedy and others.
Two years as president helped enhance my appreciation and pride of what a wonderful center has been built for all of us and
our families over the last hundred plus years.
Mark Shorstein
mmmmm
8
===== PAGE 11 =====
PDi?crni7MTr4 r Ti?ttztt’tu
Jl jKXS di UJu±yi JL X 1%XX> C/ JL Jlj
It was an incredible opportunity to participate in the leadership of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. At
that time, there were many challenges on the horizon, including the implementation of the Restoration 2000
project; the continued development and growth of the Galinsky Educational Programs; and the coordination
and completion of the Centennial Celebration Programs.
Each of the challenges was met through an Initiative for Excellence. This Initiative sought to meet the
needs and expectations of the membership in order to ensure that the Synagogue continued to be the Center
of our lives. During that period, the refurbishment campaign was completed to upgrade the facilities of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center to first class condition (“Restoration 2000”). Additionally, there was a year
long celebration of the Centennial Anniversary through a series of special events and dedications. For over 100 years, the
Jacksonville Jewish Center has created wonderful memories for its members and families; it was a privilege to participate in
making some of those memories.
Michael Shorstein
When I was asked to reflect on the accomplishments of my presidency, I immediately thought Bruce
Horovitz becoming Executive Director was the greatest achievement. He agreed to the position on the day
that I agreed to become President of the JJC.
Speaking with Bruce recently, we recalled that we implemented a successful patron’s campaign prior to
being officially sworn in in which more than 65 families pledged $1,000.00 each to offset a growing deficit,
that we had the most successful raffle to date in the Center’s history, that the summer camp completed its
most successful enrollment season, and that the day school had its largest enrollment in grades K-6.
One of the greatest achievements was having three loyal families, the DuBows, the Selevans and the
Setzers, buy the Center’s northside property thereby ensuring that our mortgage was reduced to an amount that would give us a
debt-free congregation as we headed into our second 100 years. We discussed that we not only raised money, we raised spirits.
Then Bruce reflected and reminded me that our greatest accomplishment was replacing the dance floor!
As successor presidents make their annual appeals, it becomes apparent that just as congregants celebrate life cycle
events most weekends, the synagogue itself has its own recurring life cycles: the continuous need for physical improvements
and security for the building, the continuous need for volunteers for our Sisterhood, Men’s Club, and various committees,
the continuous need for new members and the continuous campaign to fill our classrooms with children and our endowments
with dollars.
Just as I am always thankful that there is another generation that steps up to meet the challenges, I am always troubled
when I hear members lament they no longer need the Center, “my children are grown.” As Rabbi Joseph Telushkin writes
in his book “A Code of Jewish Ethics,” “Be grateful to institutions that have helped you, not just individuals.” The Midrash
teaches “A person must be grateful to a place where he derived some benefits (Genesis Rabbah 79:6).”
We should all reflect on the benefits the Center provided to our families over the decades. The support of the clergy
during our families’ darkest times, the education and socialization of our youth, the religious services and, yes, the celebration
of our Simchas on the dance floor. May G_d bless these members who give back to the Center and ensure its viability for
future generations.
Evan Yegelwel
been asked
When I was originally nominated to become president of the Jacksonville Jewish Center I was very
apprehensive. I had envisioned a position of managing gridlock, fielding complaints, and counting the days
until my term ended. Well, that couldn’t have been further from the truth (other than managing gridlock,
fielding complaints, and counting the days until my term ended). But in all seriousness, my tenure as
president was one of the most fulfilling commitments of my life. During my two year term, I witnessed the
amazing potential for growth and enrichment that is so very unique to the Center. Together, we became an
egalitarian synagogue we hired a second Rabbi and recruited an ordained Hazzan. The most meaningful
to me, however, was that we helped to reshape a culture that has become more open, more inviting, and more
welcoming than we could have ever imagined a generation ago. I am still very proud and humbled to have
to lead such a sacred community.
Shana Tova,
Sandy Zimmerman
9
===== PAGE 12 =====
A blast of the shofar
The taste of apples and honey
The blessings of a New Year
Our legacy to the generations
L
■ r ¿2 •
7
What will your legacy-be?
r | *
A bequest in your will can inspire future generations, educate
our children, provide for our elderly, and assure our rich
Jewish heritage and traditions continue.
May you be inscribed for a sweet New Year.
'
For more information about creating your Jewish legacy with a
bequest in your will, contact the Jewish Community Foundation
(904)394-0720 www.jewishfoundationnefl.org
create a jewish
LEGACY
JACKSONVILLE
BETKHSL
•Tbr ‘flea t he*
CJLis sponsored and presented by the Jewish Community Foundation and is a
program of JFN A. It is a collaborative effort of our area synagogues and Jewish agencies.
Beth Shalom
Congregation
Ejtz (3aim
Synagogue
ft
JCA
JACKSONVILLE
ÜPfiilWUH Vin
JEWISH
JACKSONVILLE
JEWISH FEDERATION
uve Generously* Jewish Community
Community Federation
Alliance
driver Garden
E*celle«ce ¡n Adult Care tni Sewtes
Congregation
Ahavath Chesed
10
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 13 =====
fr-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner I
BECOMING A KEHILLAT KESHER, A COMMUNITY OF CONNECTION;
2020 VISION FOR THE FARSIGHTED
Should a person of Torah learning participate in public affairs, he brings stability to the
world. Yet if he sits at home and says to himself “What have the affairs of society to do
with me? Why should I trouble myself with the needs of others? Let my soul dwell in
peace! ” — he causes destruction to the world.
—Midrash Tanhuma, Mishpatim §2
Many of us may not realize the debt of gratitude the Jacksonville Jewish Center owes
to Professor Mordecai Kaplan, one of the most original Jewish thinkers of the 20th century.
Among his many remarkable achievements, Kaplan pioneered the idea of the “synagogue
center” - the notion that beyond services the synagogue of the future would also need
to offer a wide range of educational, social and recreational opportunities to Jews of all
ages. Today it hardly seems radical, but when Kaplan first promoted this idea in the
late twenties and early thirties, the vast majority of synagogues offered little more than
worship and perhaps some supplementary education for young children.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center was quite farsighted in its embrace of the synagogue
center concept more than 80 years ago. From the 1927 opening of the building at 3rd
and Silver, through its eventual relocation to the Mandarin campus of the present, the
synagogue has always aspired to serve as “the center of your life” by offering one-stop shopping for everything Jewish.
There is still much value in the vision of an institution capable of meeting the diverse needs - spiritual, social and
educational - of the Jewish community.
But will this suffice to ensure a bright future for us? What will the synagogue be like ten years from now in the year 2020?
Jewish life today is far more decentralized than ever before. In an era of on-line communities, Jewish programs
of distance learning, and independent minyanim, the importance of serving as a central address for Jewish needs has
diminished. Equally significant, young adults no longer gravitate toward Jewish institutions for fellowship as their
parents and grandparents once did. Comfortable as we are in the melting pot of American life, the Jewish affiliation of a
day camp or basketball league matters less to us than its quality.
Vibrant synagogues, however, continue to excel in providing Jews with meaningful spiritual connection, a sense
of significant being that comes when a person belongs to something infinitely larger and more important than oneself.
Just as once the Jacksonville Jewish Center placed itself in the vanguard of 20th century Jewish life by its embrace of the
synagogue center concept, we can lead the way into the 21st century through the creation of a portable Judaism, a way to
carry our ethical mission as a synagogue into the larger world. The challenge is not the formation of a better social action
committee, but to become a community in which tikkun olam is embedded at the cellular level in the work of every arm
and branch of the congregation.
There has long been a demand to make Judaism “more relevant.” The good news is that the Torah has never, ever
been irrelevant - we need only supply the missing link that leads from learning to action, from word to deed. If our
liturgy affirms kinship with all who believe in the one, living God, it is incumbent upon us to build bridges with other
faith communities. If our tradition teaches us to care for God’s earth, then we must translate that value into stewardship
in our congregational backyard, literally. If the Torah insists we are responsible to feed the hungry, clergy, lay leadership
and members need to go out into the world and together do just that. As a community truly connected to our religious
heritage and one another, we have to find ways to see Jewish values in the mirror of the world, and see the world outside
in the mirror of our Jewish values. After all, a Judaism unable to make a real difference outside the synagogue is unlikely
to inspire passionate commitment within its walls.
It is no accident that each and every time we read from the Five
Books of Moses we remove the Torah and carry it forth into the
congregation, affirming that our core sacred beliefs find their most
meaningful expression only when brought into contact with others.
This is the essence of Kehillat Kesher, a true community of connection;
this is our holy task, to repair the world by making the Almighty’s
sovereignty palpable where it counts most. Reverence for doing God’s
work on Main Street and finding relevance in God’s word in the main
sanctuary are different paths to the same destination.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in hoping that the New
Year be one of blessing and meaning for us all.
ifinnm unan raía rut?1?
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
11
===== PAGE 14 =====
Serving Our
Communityfor
Over 100 Years.
BUSINESS
PERSONAL
LIFE
HEALTH
David Vandroff • Oren Margol •Arnold Vandroff
"Experience the
Vandroff value”
Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
5150 Belfort Road, Suite 200 •Jacksonville,Florida 32256
904.296.3390 (p) • 904.296.6144 (f) • www.Vandroff-Insurance.com
Copyright © 2009, VandrofFInsurance, Inc. All rights reserved. An Independent Insurance Agent®
12
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
IISIP1
¥—A Message from Rabbi Cohen -H
“FREDDIE THE LEAF”
At the beginning of this summer, I was introduced to Freddie the Leaf, by Dr.
Leo Buscaglia. Freddie is a maple leaf who, along with his companions Daniel,
Alfred, Ben and Clare, leams about and experiences the passing of each season.
As he experiences the changing seasons, Freddie leams from Daniel, a larger leaf,
that death too is part of life. Throughout the course of his metamorphosis and the
process of asking Daniel questions, Freddie gains a deeper understanding of life
and death. Freddie also comes to understand that although leaves superficially
look the same, there are subtle differences between himself and each other leaf.
Fie begins to gain more knowledge about who he is and what is his purpose.
“What’s a purpose?” Freddie had asked.
“A reason for being,” Daniel had answered. “To make things more pleasant
for others is a reason for being. To make shade for old people who come to
escape the heat of their homes is a reason for being. To provide a cool place for
children to come and play. To fan with our leaves the picnickers who come to eat on checkered tablecloths.
These are all reasons for being.”
“The Fall of Freddie the Leaf’ utilizes this gentle discussion and metaphor of the annual changes in
seasons and color and nature of the leaves to help us appreciate life’s different phases. Each leaf departs from
the tree differently; some drift quietly, while others fiercely resist the tug of the wind. The metaphor portrays
how each one of us approaches death differently, but the story also provides insight to how we approach life.
The way in which we answer these questions sets the course for the lives we lead.
What is your purpose? What is your reason for being?
By asking these questions, we, like Freddie, gain deeper insight into our beings and grow stronger, being
able to help others. The discoveries we make while connecting with others, as Freddie does, expose us to the
riches of each other and our community. The riches, like a treasure chest, are mostly hidden from us, and will
only be reached by searching inward and asking these questions that are sometimes difficult.
In his newest book, “The Seven Questions You’re Asked in Heaven”, Dr. Ron Wolfson challenges us to
consider these ultimate questions that may be asked upon our arrival to heaven. Inspired by a quote from the
fourth-century Talmudic scholar Rava: “At the hour you enter heaven for judgment, they will ask you.. .Did
you deal honestly with people in your business practices?” Wolfson simplifies Rava’s six questions into five.
He adds two more questions to the list and invites us to add our own.
Were you honest? Did you leave a legacy? Did you set a time to study? Did you have hope in your
heart? Did you get your priorities straight? Did you enjoy this world? Were you the best you, you could be?
This year I hope we will ask these questions and add others to the list. Surrounded by family and friends,
may we establish ourselves as ancestors to a new set of questions. We, like Freddie, have a purpose, and the
function of the Yamim Noraim is to aid us in this self-discovery. We may not approach all of the questions
or begin to discover all of the answers, yet posing the question is essential and will assist us in realizing our
purpose in life. We are connected to one another and can see above and below. This New Year, may we see a
new perspective and be able to ask those questions even if they
do not yield immediate answers. May we continue to search and
learn from those with answers, for those that are not answerable
by ourselves or others. When we answer one question, may we
go on to another. These may or may not be the questions asked in
heaven but are the ones that concern us on earth.
Michele and Benjamin join me in wishing you and your loved
ones a shana tova umetukah.
Rabbi Rafi Cohen
Rabbi Rafi Cohen
===== PAGE 16 =====
Keep kosher with
Winn-Dixie
by purchasing any of our 1,000
Winn-Dixie brand kosher products.
For a full listing go to: www.winndixie.com/kosher.
Here’s a taste of the
kosher foods available at your
neighborhood Winn-Dixie:
Our store at the corner of University and San Jose
offers a wide selection of Israeli foods, kosher meats,
cheeses, frozen entrées and appetizers. Our San Jose
& Loretto location also has a large mix of kosher
foods including meats and cheeses.
Winn/Dixie
14
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 17 =====
pp
•sí
A Message from the Hazzan —4
A PLACE IN THEIR HEART
What a year it has been! Leora and I are so grateful for the gifts and support
of community, family and friends here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It
is extremely exciting to be part of an amazingly warm and loving environment.
On the eve of new beginnings, the words of the great Israeli Poet Ehud
Manor (1941 -2005) come to mind: Od tir ’eh od tir ’eh Kama tov yihiyeh
bashana bashana haba’ah which translates as, “You’ll see, you’ll see how good
it will be, next year.” Manor, lyricist for great Israeli standards such as Ein Li
Eretz Acheret (I Have No Other Country), Chai (Life), Abanibi, and Halevai (If
Only), bridged cultural gaps through his musical collaborations with a variety of
Israeli composers. His words were often adapted to the varied musical style of
his colleagues. Ehud Manor wrote songs of passion, love, desire and soul.
As we embark on the New Year 5771,1 am hopeful that we as a community
will be equipped with similar traits to write our own songs- of family, faith and
love. There are no limits to what we can accomplish as individuals and as a
community in the year ahead. Whether it is literally through the musical groups of our Center Choir, Koltrain
and Harmonía, or by a deeper commitment to cherish each moment of our lives, we are equipped to celebrate
a new song here at the JJC. You will see. Next Year. This year.
This fall, I take on the new role of Program Director of MAKOM, our new Jacksonville Hebrew High
School. I am excited about working with inspired Jewish educators and inspiring Jewish teens. I am also
reminded of a personal musical favorite of mine, Manor’s Makom Balev (A place in the heart.) Makom Balev
reflects a desire to keep on dreaming:
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
In order to make one old dream come true
there’s a need for a million dreamers
that do not close their eyes.
In order to make one old dream come true
there’s a need for a million dreamers
that do not block their ears.
That are ready to approach the dream,
that still remember how to lighten the pain.
That are able to fall in love, undertake
and reveal that there’s still a place in their heart.
Makom Balev. May you find the Center to be a place in your
hearts- for times of great joy, for times to be together and for
times to just be. May this dream come true in the coming year.
Shana Tova.
A warm and sweet new year!
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
===== PAGE 18 =====
The loop
The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-2210
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e-Loop Club
1440 San Marco Boulevard
904-398-1949
minutes from downtown in kistoric San Marco
FEEL THE HEAT
Seasonal $29 Prix Fixe
Sunday - Tkursday
5pm - 7pm
Half-Priced Happy Hour
Monday - Friday
4pm - 7pm
Award winning cuisine
witk a city-k ip vike.
Craving more?
www.BistroX.com
find u0 on Twitter & Facebook
16
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 19 =====
Lori Schoettler
Director of Finance
and Operations
ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF
Shana Tova!
These are exciting times at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. The
Center is comprised of many special people. Within these walls, many
small communities come together to create one large community that is the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Our valued members engender a feeling of
Kehillat Kesher (Community of Connection), sharing their strengths and
skills, allowing us to benefit from their experiences.
We are blessed to have highly qualified, dedicated professionals and
devoted staff working hard to ensure that your experiences here are positive,
fulfilling and exceed your expectations.
Beginning this year, the goal of our lay leaders and professional staff is to
develop these relationships, broadening our community to encompass the greater Jewish and Jacksonville
communities; sharing our strengths and skills with other organizations, and individuals, that can benefit
from them.
We invite each of you to share your skills, your knowledge and your experiences. Join us as we build
upon our Kehillat Kesher. With the dedication of our volunteers and professionals, we are limitless in
what we can accomplish.
On behalf of Jim, Kyle, Katie and Joshua, I wish you a healthy, happy and prosperous new year!
Lori Schoettler
===== PAGE 20 =====
Borland-Groover Clinic Wishes you a Lifetime of Good Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murray L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Hong T. Tek, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Augusto Lopez-Torrez, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Ben Pineau, M.D.
W.A. (Sandra) Hoogerwerf, M.D.
Kevin M. Comar, M.D.
William F. Foody, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Melody A. Perez, ARNP
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Cathy A. Schan, PA-C
Borland-Groover has 9 office locations to serve you:
4800 Belfort Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
14546 St. Augustine Rd,
Suite 101
Jacksonville, FL 32258
1883 Kingsley Avenue
Suite 1100
Orange Park , FL 32073
1375 Roberts Drive
Suite 204
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
3 Shir cliff Way
Suite 400
Jacksonville, FL 32204
3627 University Blvd.
Suite 705
Jacksonville, FL 32216
1340 South 18th Street
Suite 101
Fernandina Beach, FL
32034
836 Prudential Drive
Suite 801
Jacksonville, FL 32207
100 Whetstone Place
Suite 105
St. Augustine, FL 32086
Our office hours are 8:30 am to 5:00pm, Monday through Friday
To schedule an appointment, call 904.398.7205
It is our privilege to be a part of your specialized medical care.
18
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 21 =====
Personnel
Administrative Staff
Leslie Manucy
Accounts Receivable
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Maura Silverstein
Membership Coordinator
Cassie Vichozsky
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
Brent Ganey
Facilities Supervisor
The maintenance and housekeeping staff work
diligently to keep our building clean and presentable
at all times. Our staff devotes much of their time to
taking care of all the physical needs required by the
many events which take place throughout the year.
Volunteers, event planners and Center staff appreciate
the special attention they receive from the maintenance
department. The maintenance staff offers invaluable
support to the members of our congregation.
Margo’s Catering
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Your simcha is in good hands with
Margo’s. From planning to presentation,
you’ll appreciate the professional touches
that the catering staff brings to every event.
The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent, and the ambiance is
always inviting. Best of all, congregants can
count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be
helpful, friendly and reassuring. It’s a pleasure
to plan a party or congregational program at
the Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah,
wedding or other occasion, you can trust
Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
To learn more about menus and catering
options, click on Margo’s Catering’s new
website, www.margoskoshercatering.com.
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
Mark H. Kraus, CLU®, ChFC®, CASL®
Financial Advisor, Registered Representative
Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU®)
Chartered Financial Consultant (ChFC®)
Chartered Advisor for Senior Living (CASL®)
Member of the Society of Financial Service Professionals
Focusing On:
- Wealth Accumulation Strategies ~
- Retirement & Executive Benefit Planning ~
~ Estate Conservation & Planning Strategies ~
- Life, Long-Term Care & Disability Insurance ~
- Investments & Annuities ~
- Business Succession Planning ~
- Charitable Giving & Legacy Planning ~
“As an experienced financial advisor, I can help
you achieve your lifetime and legacy goals. ”
Florida Financial Group / New England Financial
4190 Belfort Rd., Suite 300, Jacksonville, FL 32216
www.floridafinancialgroup.com
904-924-6310
mkraus@jacksonville.nef.com
New England Financial®
A MetLife Company
I will work with you and your tax and legal advisers to help you select the most appropriate product solutions
to suit your specific needs and circumstances. Securities and investment advisory services offered through
New England Securities Corp. (NES) (member FINRA/SIPC) and a Registered Investment Adviser. New
England Financial is the registered mark for New England Life Insurance Company (NELICO), Boston, MA
02116. NES and NELICO are affiliates. Florida Financial group is a general agency of NELICO.
L0710118893[exp0711][FL]
20
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 23 =====
I- A Message from the President
A COMMUNITY OF CONNECTION
Thank you for your continued support of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Each and every congregant and family listed in our yearbook is a valuable
member of our Center Community.
This is an exciting time in our history as we work to create a clear vision that
embodies a “Community of ConnectionWe are well positioned to build on the
strengths of the Center and create meaningful opportunities for participation and
engagement. Philosophically, this will require an adjustment in our thinking as
we strive to reach people “where they are” focusing on what resonates with them.
One of my goals is to provide avenues for sustainable connections that exist
outside of our building in the greater Jacksonville Community such as: partnering
with non-profit agencies; immersing ourselves in a singular cause such as food/hunger; coordinating with and
expanding the extremely successful Middle School Mitzvah program led by Edith Horovitz.
1 invite you to become involved and engaged in the process.. ..we want you to feel vitalized, connected
and “like I am making a difference”. We are fortunate to have dedicated Lay Leaders, Board Members and
Officers, Clergy, School Administrators, Synagogue Staff and countless Volunteers committed to the continued
success and growth of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Helen, Sophie, Charlie and 1 wish our entire Center Community a healthy and happy New Year.
Shana Tova,
Michael DuBow
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
2010-2012 Board of Directors —4
Allan Andrew
Shirley Bielski
Colman Brodsky
Moti Demri
Susan DuBow
Dr. Dina Fetner
Joan Levin
Marla Lewis
Leonardo Maiman
Dr. Mike Mass
Steven Mizrahi
Rachel Morgenthal
Kathy Osterer
Harry Peltz
Lita Poehlman
Dr. Marco Rand
Joanne Rosenberg
Ellen Rosner
Dr. Harris Rittenberg
Michael Schneider
Ben Setzer
Lara Werwa
Elyse Whitman
Dr. Dan Wohl
Morrie Zimmerman
Past Presidents
Wilbur Margol
Jack Shorstein
Charles Mizrahi
Sheldon Gendzier
Lawrence DuBow
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
Dr. Joseph Honigman
Marsha Pollock
Jeffery Morris
Evan Yegelwel
Mark Shorstein
Michael Shorstein
Seeman Zimmerman
Sanford “Sandy”
Zimmerman
Dr. Mitchell Levine
22
===== PAGE 25 =====
Mauri Mizrahi Jennifer Plotkin
VP of Education VP of Finance
Beth Shorstein
VP of Ritual
Etta Fialkow
VP of Membership
Shari Shuman
VP of Youth
Mel Gottlieb
VP at Large
Russell Selevan
VP at Large
Philip Bloom
Member at Large
Jeanine Rogozinski
Secretary
Neil Gordon
Men’s Club
Leonard Setzer
VP at Large
Lara Werwa
Sisterhood
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
Past Presidents
Max Frank*
H. Hammerman*
Isaac Davis*
1901-1904
1905
1906-1910
Elias H. Pilton*
1911-1922
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Harry Finklestein*
1927-1929
Max Rubin*
1930-1937
Abe Newman*
1940-1943
Harry Gendzier*
1944_1946
Joseph Hackel*
1947-1948
Harry Leff*
1949
Philip Selber*
1950-1951; 1953-1955
1963-1965
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
Robert J. Gordon*
1953-1955
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Philip Bork*
1952
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
24
===== PAGE 27 =====
Past Presidents
Wilbur Margol
1970-1971
Jack Shorstein
1972-1974
Charles Mizrahi
1974-1976
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
1978-1980
Lawrence DuBow
1978-1980
Nathan Krestul*
1980-1982
Sol Proctor*
1982-1984
Eugene Kornblum*
1986-1988
Dr. Joseph Honigman
1984-1986
Jeffery Morris
1990-1993
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Stuart Hecht*
1993-1996
Evan Yegelwel
1996-1998
Mark Shorstein
1998-2000
Michael Shorstein
2000-2002
Philip Bloom
Seeman Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Dr. Mitchell Levine
2002-2004
2004-2006
2006-2008
2008-2010
*In Loving Memory
25
===== PAGE 28 =====
fl
8 Ritual Department 5
1
BLESSING FROM THE TRADITIONAL YOM KIPPUR LITURGY:
A PRAYER FOR LEADERS
Holy One of Blessing, be with us and may Your words sparkle in our mouths, as
we become channels for our congregation. May You be our source of inspiration.
May we walk in the light of Your presence and be humble in our holy responsibilities.
We approach the holy ark absorbed in our awareness of You. May our congregation
surround us with love and may You show us compassion. We raise our eyes to You
and open our hearts to the teachings of Your Torah. We pour out our hearts like
water. May the congregation be uplifted because of our intent.
I would like to thank the many members of our congregation who have added
their voices as a source of inspiration by participating in reading Torah at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Through their dedication and devotion, we have
maintained a high level of participation. The commitment and encouragement
of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure that this quality
standard will be continued for many generations to come. I would like to thank
all of our teachers for their continued support and cooperation and on behalf of Suzanne, Casie, Aron and
myself wish you a happy and healthy new year.
Shana Tova,
Scott Zimmerman
Scott Zimmerman
Ritual Director
26
===== PAGE 29 =====
RELIGIOUS COMMITTEE
During the past year 5770, the Religious Committee, under the direction and guidance of Rabbi
Jonathan Lubliner, continued its mission of helping to set a proper religious tone for the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. A key initiative was the selection of a new Mahzor for the High Holidays, Mahzor Lev
Shalem. This new Mahzor, published by the Rabbincal Assembly, has running commentaries that explain
each prayer. An added feature is a full transliteration of all songs. The selection of this Mahzor is aimed at
enhancing the worship experience for our members.
The coming year will provide more opportunity to activate additional sub committees to ensure the
synagogue’s long term vision. Together with Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Cohen and Hazzan Holzer we are
poised for yet another year of spiritual growth and commitment.
We would like to thank all active members of the Religious Committee for their service and
commitment during the past year:
Religious Committee Members 5770
Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Robert Bossen,
Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Dina Fetner, Etta Fialkow,
Janis Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg,
Phyllis Goldberg, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg,
Joseph Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid,
Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, David Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein,
Karen Southall, Dan Wohl, Howard Wolpoff and Evan Yegelwel
DAILY MINYAN CAPTAINS
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults, may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer
be recited. Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It
is because of them that you can recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those who served as minyan captains during the past
year: Robert Bossen, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Jack Mizrahi, Steven Mizrahi, David Schmerer, Harry
Shmunes, Russell Selevan, Edward Tannen, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan Yegelwel, Sandy Zimmerman and
Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week. Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce
Horovitz at 262-1087.
27
===== PAGE 30 =====
Shorstein & Kelly
Attorneys at Law, p.a.
THE ADOPTION PROFESSIONALS
Michael A. Shorstein and Brian T. Kelly are now exclusively practicing in the field of adoptions.
V Matching and placement services V Identified adoptions V Interstate (ICPC) adoptions
V Grandparent, stepparent and relative adoptions V Contested adoptions
Creating families through successful adoptions is our goal.
BEST WISHES FORA HAPPY NEW YEAR!
m
Fellows of the
American Academy of
Adoption Attorneys
SAVES
We welcome your referrals.
Jacksonville Office: 3821 Atlantic Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32207 • (904) 348-6400
Daytona Office: 1540 Cornerstone Blvd., Suite 200, Daytona Beach, FL 32117» (386) 673-1234
Fax: (904) 348-6424 • Adoption@ShorsteinKelly.com
LexisNexis-
JNF reservoirs provide much
needed water for Israel's farmers.
JNF develops security roads to
allow Israelis to travel safely.
www.Adoption-USA.com
You may think you know JNF.
Over the past 106 years, Jewish National Fund has evolved from an organization that was known
for its blue boxes and tree planting into a worldwide environmental leader that does so much
more. The new JNF provides:
• Water Projects: JNF continues building reservoirs to provide viable solutions to Israel's water
shortage. Our 200 projects provide water to 1.5 million Israelis every day.
• Jewish Identity: JNF partners with programs like the Alexander Muss High School in Israel -
a transformative experience that promotes deep-rooted connections between American teens
and Israel.
• Community Development: As part of its 10-year, $600 million Blueprint Negev campaign,
JNF is building 25 new communities in the desert, revitalizing existing communities, and making
great strides towards transforming the city of Be'er Sheva with our River Park project.
• Security Roads: JNF is building and refurbishing security roads along the Lebanon and Gaza
borders to protect Israelis and provide parents and their children safe means of traveling to work
and school.
• Heritage Site Restoration: JNF is committed to protecting more than 250 irreplaceable
historic buildings and heritage sites associated with Israel's rebirth and history.
Join millions of contributors around the world and help JNF continue its vital work in caring for the
land and people of Israel.
Get to know us!
Visit wimv.jnf.org to learn more about our workor to be involved locally contact
Beth GlickmanMorris at 1 -888-563-0099 or binorris(fi)jnf. org
JNF is working with Israel's new
pioneers to develop the Negev.
FORESTRY * WATER • COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT • SECURITY
EDUCATION • RESEARCH • TOURISM & RECREATION • ECOLOGY
JNF, for
ISRAEL
28
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 31 =====
Special Events
5770 SIMHAT TORAH HONOREES
Marco Rand
Hatan Torah
Although our Hatan Torah grew up in New York, he became much more knowledgeable and active
in synagogue practice here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. He has acquired enough knowledge to
serve as Baal Tefilah and Baal Korei for the congregation, including at high holiday services. Marco
received his BA from Queens College in New York, and it was there that he met future bride, Robin.
He earned his dental degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1974. After service in the Air
Force in Columbus, Ohio, Marco moved to Jacksonville in 1977 to start what was to become his
life’s work at the Veterans Administration Outpatient Clinic. For the past 32 years Marco has had
the honor of caring for the dental needs of the veterans who live in the North Florida/South Georgia
area. During the last 13 years, Marco has been chief of the clinic’s Dental Unit. He is an Assistant Professor at the University
of Florida College of Dentistry. At the JJC Marco has been a long time member of our board, and has served on the Education
and Religious Committees. In 2003 he became chair of the Religious Committee. The Rands are members of a great Havurah
which marked its 30th Anniversary this past year. Marco enjoys travel and reveling in the achievements of his amazing wife
Robin, children Douglas, Jonathan, Lisa and daughter-in-law, Dafna.
Jack Bettman
Hatan Bereshit
Jack Bettman’s entire life has been intertwined with the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Jack is a third
generation Center member. The Center is truly “his synagogue,” the place where he grew up and
where he has celebrated all his family’s life cycle events. He has served on the Board of Directors
and Religious Committee, is a daily minyan captain, tutored confirmands, and has read Torah on
many Shabbat mornings. A graduate of the University of Virginia School of Law and a former
captain in the U.S. Army Judge Advocate General’s (JAG) Corps, Jack is a Jacksonville attorney.
He has served as chair of the General Practice Section of the Florida Bar, its Law School Education
Committee and the Workers’ Compensation Section of the Jacksonville Bar. Jack’s family is an
important part of his life. He and his wife Tricia have four children, all educated at the Day School: Herschel, Katie, Seth and
Dori, and an adorable grandson Hayes.
Joanne Rosenberg
Aishet Chayil
Joanne Rosenberg was bom in Chicago, raised in Wheaton, IL, and moved to Florida in 1976
where she found her wonderful husband, Sandy. She was trained as a buyer in Chicago at Chas and
worked locally for Jill Stevens and French Novelty. Joanne held many PTA positions, including
PTA president in 1994 at the Day School. As her children moved on to middle school in Orange
Park, Joanne also became PTA President of St. Johns Country Day School. She has held numerous
positions in the Clay County Dental Auxiliary and chaired Orange Park Dental Health Month with
the schools. At the Center, Joanne has been a long time member of our board. She has served on the
Finance and Education Raffle Committees, serving as co-chair for the Education Raffle. Sisterhood
has also filled a special place in Joanne’s heart and she has held many officer positions, including treasurer, vice president and
president. She is especially proud of being a past Region Leadership Award winner. She has served on the Women’s League
Region Board for more than four years and recently served as a Hadassah President for Tikvah. Joanne is extremely grateful to
have a wonderful husband and supporting daughters that allow her to spend a great deal of time volunteering.
!■■■■
29
===== PAGE 32 =====
L' Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace,
Health and Happiness be yours
throughout the New Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
(904) 733-3529
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
(904) 733-8133
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
30
===== PAGE 33 =====
é
►— Committees & Organizations
CENTER CHOIR
For over 59 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with
moving liturgical music. Over the years, they have given numerous concerts featuring members of the choir, and
nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have been singing with this group for twenty years or
more. New members are always welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733-6979.
Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members:
Raymond Cohen, Lois Gosa, Debby Kaye, Michael Kuhr, Gabrielle Magid, Lenny Maiman,
Steven Meisel, Karen Morse, Judy Geller Nevel, David Organes, Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes,
Chris Parker, David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon, and Steve Solomon.
JJC GREEN TEAM
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is on our way to going GREEN and we’re excited to announce that we’ve
become part of the GreenFaith initiative.
GreenFaith is a green movement that inspires, educates and mobilizes people of diverse religious backgrounds
for environmental leadership. They believe that protecting the earth is a religious value, and that environmental
stewardship is a moral responsibility.
Three core values defining the organization are:
Spirit: People grow spiritually through a strong relationship with the earth.
Stewardship: Consumption habits can help heal and restore the earth.
Justice: All people deserve a healthy environment, regardless of their race or income.
In addition to GreenFaith’s mission, the JJC Green Team prepared their own. Our mission’s core value is Tikkun
Olam: repairing or perfecting the world. We hope to impact the Jacksonville Jewish Center community through the
education and exploration of responsible environmental ethics and practices.
If you are interested in getting involved with the JJC Green Team please contact Michele Cohen at
jjcgreenteam@gmail.com.
GreenFaith
Certification Program
31
===== PAGE 34 =====
P— Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
In so many
ways our present
and future are
often formed
by our past. In
the recent past,
the Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Membership
Committee has
focused its efforts
on continuously
providing a
welcoming environment for our members and
the larger Jacksonville Jewish community. Being welcoming, however, is only the first component of how we
hope to view membership at the Center. Looking forward, as we remain passionate about opening our doors,
it is critical that we use our welcoming ways to create a Kehillat Kesher - A Community of Connection. As
such, when we make deeper connections internally, our congregation is elevated above a simple fee for service
organization and instead becomes a spiritual center that supports our members in good times and bad. Externally, a
connected community can then better fulfill the commitment that we make to the greater community and its future.
The membership committee is very proud of the programming and services that we provide to connect all of
our members ... new and established, young and old, families and singles. Here is a sampling of what has been
offered this year.
> Warm greetings welcomed everyone, not only on the holidays, but on every Shabbat, too.
> We extended hospitality to new and established members for Shabbat and Holiday dinners.
> As we’ve done previously, we featured monthly family services and Shabbat dinners, but this year we also
added special dinners and activities for Singles and Empty Nester members.
> A late summer New & Prospective Member Event included swimming, board games and complimentary lunch.
> Our New Member Shabbat provided a warm Friday night service at the Center and was followed by dinner
for new members at established members’ homes.
> During our Annual Tiyul to Shul a special program called Building Community: An Interactive Sanctuary
Experience gave all members a chance to connect and get to know each other during Shabbat service.
> For members looking to give back to our community, we helped them connect with volunteer opportunities
and had a recognition ceremony at our Annual Meeting for all the “Indians & Chiefs” who make our
synagogue the vibrant place that it is.
In ways that we don’t even realize, we are ALL really a part of the Membership Committee. By welcoming,
greeting, hosting or even just visiting with other members ... whether new or existing ... we are all participating
in creating a Community Connected. Thank you for choosing to be a part of this special community.
Wishing you all a sweet, peaceful and healthy New Year.
Christina Levine
Director of Membership & Development
2009-2010 Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP COORDINATOR - Maura Silverstein
MEMBERSHIP VP - Dina Fetner
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR - Sue Levine
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Shirley Bielski, Moti Demri, Holly Ernas, Etta Fialkow,
Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg, Polina Koropova,
Robin Morris, Jeanine Rogozinski, Melanie Setzer,
Stephanie Teitelbaum, Joan Waitz, Lara Werwa,
Cindy Wohl, Beth Wolpoff and Talie Zaifert.
32
===== PAGE 35 =====
Communities & Organizations ~4
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
This past year was one of innovative and
exciting adult education programming at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Under
the leadership of our Rabbis and Hazzan
our tried and true classes such as Monday
Morning Mapquest, Coffee and Torah, Intro
to Judaism, Beginner’s Hebrew, Talmud
class and Jewish Meditation were offered
throughout the weeks and months. Jewish Meditation even
got a more extended treatment as Michael Fixel led more
than 30 participants on a 2 hour mini-retreat in February.
We’ve discovered that the
synagogue is a place to get
creative in a variety of ways.
Congregants were able to
dabble in the arts, expressing
themselves artistically in
classes offered by Kimberly
Miller and Linda Parker.
Kimberly lead a four week session dedicated to Havdalah
traditions expressed in glass art, and
Linda offered a course entitled “Psalms
and Prayers in Art.” We also became
creative in the kitchen, as cooking classes
have become a popular activity for our
congregants and members of the greater
Jewish community. An enthusiastic crowd
of bakers and baker-wannabes attended
“Bake like Bubbe!” to learn how to bake ruggelah and
mandel bread. This class, taught by the staff of Margo’s
Catering, was a hit.
The Adult Education Committee was honored to bring
so many distinguished speakers to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center this year:
^ In conjunction with the Jewish Family and
Community Services Healing Network the JJC
welcomed Rabbi Simkha Weintraub, LCSW, who
presented a program entitled: “A Healing Word, A
Helping Hand.”
^ Jerry Honigman, author of a new book “A Quest for
Justice in the Middle East,” came for a Sunday morning
book talk and signing.
^ Two programs came to us from the Jewish Theological
Seminary:
$ Arnold Eisen, Chancellor of JTS, honored the
congregation and community by speaking on the
topic of “Training Leaders for the 21st Century.”
$ Dr. Benjamin Sommer, Professor of Bible and
Ancient Semitic Languages, gave a lively lecture
on the book of Exodus in a session entitled “The Tent
of Meeting and the Presence of God.”
> An Israeli Speaker Series sponsored jointly by the
Shorstein Family in memory of Bess K. Shorstein;
Ronnie and Joanie Levin in honor of their grandchildren;
and the Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture Fund presented
three evenings with Israeli authors.
$ Meron Benvenisti, Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem from
1971 - 1978, spoke on “Israel/Palestine: The
Meaning of Geo-Political ‘Status Quo.’”
$ Sammy Smooha, Dean of Social Sciences at Haifa
University, addressed the topic of “Is Israel
Western?”
$ Sayed Kashua, an Arab citizen of Israel, hosted a
discussion that was preceded by a screening of a
television series episode entitled “Arab Labor.”
One of the cornerstones of our adult education
programming is the annual Marilyn and Louis Safer
Shabbaton. This year Scholar in Residence, Professor Aaron
Demsky, joined us from Efrat, Israel. The theme of the
weekend was “Leaving No Stone Unturned... A Weekend
of Jewish Discovery,” and this covered an interesting range
of topics. These included: “What’s in a Jewish Name;”
“Jewish Table Manners;”
“The Jewish Calendar;” and
“Leaving No Stone Unturned,
The Excavations at the
Temple Mount.” A spirited
dessert reception was also
held at the home of Edward
and Mille Tannen. The
weekend was a marvelous
opportunity to learn from a
bible scholar and historian.
It has been an honor to
serve the congregation by
leading the Adult Education
Committee for the past
two years. I continue to
believe that as adults our
learning takes on new meaning and significance. Judaism
has so much to offer, and I encourage everyone in our
congregational family to
choose a topic and just get
started! I am grateful to my
committee and to the staff
of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center for the guidance and
support they have offered to
me during my chairmanship.
2009-2010 Committee Members
Beth Fleet - Chair
Ruben & Naomi Mirensky
Etta Fialkow
Susan Neadle
Michael Fixel
Lita Poehlman
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Bob Schvey
Dorri Kraus
Eyal Wirsansky
Deborah Leboire
Staff: Christina Levine
Joanne Lowell
Maura Silverstein
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
V- Communities & Organizations -4
===== PAGE 37 =====
Communities & Organizations
WHAT IS SISTERHOOD?
Sisterhood is women
who know that when
you need friendship,
togetherness and support,
Sisterhood is the place to go.
Sisterhood is women
who know that if they are
looking for educational
opportunities, Sisterhood
provides a wide array,
including this year’s Hot
Topic and Unbook Club.
And if getting together
and having fun is on the agenda, Sisterhood has great events
on the calendar like Casino Night, Mystery Theater and a
Scavenger Hunt with Men’s Club.
Sisterhood is women who know that through our dues
and fund raising our Sisterhood is able to give scholarships
to help our youth attend Camp Ramah, USY on Wheels and
summer Israel programs. We are proud that our Sisterhood
has donated funds to the JJC Preschool. Sisterhood also
contributes to help maintain the Center’s kitchen, provide
snacks to our children during the Holidays and operate our
Judaica Shop.
Sisterhood is women who know that through gifts to
Torah Fund, we support the Jewish Theological Seminary
and protect the continuity of Jewish life by ensuring there
are Rabbis, Cantors and professionals for the future. In fact,
all three of our clergy are JTS graduates. Our dedication to
Torah Fund and the Seminary are seen every year in the gifts
we make and the pins we wear.
Sisterhood is women who work and give. In recent years
we have given our time, energy and money to do a variety of
mitzvot including making blankets for hospitalized children,
painting and furnishing a youth crisis center, knitting caps for
Whether you are looking for avenues of self exploration,
strengthening your family, our synagogue and our
schools, or just want to have a little fun...we have a place
for you at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood.
Past Presidents Council
Sybil Ansbacher, Gayle Bailys, Shirley Bielski,
Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Annetta Komblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg,
Maxine Romo, Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler,
Shirley Schinasi, Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott
Israeli soldiers, and providing books for children who have
none at home.
Sisterhood at the Center is a part of the Women’s League
for Conservative Judaism, the largest synagogue based
women’s organization in the world. By becoming a member
of Center Sisterhood our members are not only participating
in our local community but are involved in an international
organization that is the voice of Conservative Jewish Women
around the world. Through Women’s League, Sisterhood
has representation at the United Nations, aids Masorti/
Conservative Congregations in Israel and supports efforts
aiding women and women’s causes worldwide.
Sisterhood is the heart of this Center. Sisterhood women
are the women who get things done. Just like the mission
of Women’s League is to strengthen and unite Sisterhoods
and perpetuate Conservative/Masorti Judaism, it is this
Sisterhood’s mission to enrich the lives of our members and
strengthen this synagogue community.
Center Sisterhood women gather to study, socialize and yes,
work. The list of Sisterhood’s activities is long. No matter how
you look at it, Sisterhood women keep the flame of Judaism
glowing. Our members commitment to Shabbat at home,
activities in the shul, and personal enrichment are what sustain
Jewish life here at the Center and globally. We should all be so
proud of what we do. I know I am proud to represent you.
Lara Werwa
Sisterhood President
2010-2012 OFFICERS
President
Membership
Lara Werwa
Vice Presidents
Rachel Morgenthal
Education Vice President
and Jen Katz
Kim Glasgal
Treasurer
Program Vice President
Marla Lewis
Rebecca Fixel
Financial Secretary
Torah Fund
Meryl Rittenberg
Vice Presidents
Cindy Wohl and
Recording Secretary
Estelle Kritz
Rebekah Selevan
Youth Vice President
Corresponding Secretary
Faye Mizrahi
Lita Poehlman
Ways and Means
Social Secretary
Vice Presidents
Judie Benwick
Kathy Stark
35
===== PAGE 38 =====
9£
|k- SMOI1VZIMVOUQ <9 SSIlINflWWOJ
===== PAGE 39 =====
►- Communities & Organizations -<
CENTER MEN’S CLUB - 5771
“Involving Jewish
Men in Jewish Life”
The Jacksonville Jewish
Center Men’s Club is an
organization dedicated to
the enrichment of Center life
and the Jacksonville Jewish
community. The Men’s Club
provides an opportunity
for our Center men to
work together supporting,
sponsoring, and participating in programs that bring meaning
to our slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international organization
dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center
participation have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and
Honorable Mention Torch Awards from FJMC in years past,
and our Yad Shel Chai program is now being implemented
in Men’s Clubs across the nation. We participate in a wide
range of FJMC programs and activities such as distributing
Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so that every congregant
can honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and
World Wide Wrap which brings together congregants, clergy
and Center youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the
mitzvah of wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life)
and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize our youth
for reading Torah in our synagogue services and building on
the success of the Yad Shel Chai program, we have introduced
the Chaizman Trophy program to encourage continuing
participation in prayer leadership. The Men’s Club Martin
J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to one
Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life
commitment necessary to bring a quality learning experience
to Jewish children. We provide a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th
graders that complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and
raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend
Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who
otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well as
our regional Jewish community. Our members regularly get
together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball, touch
football games or perform community service activities. Over
the years, we have gone on deep sea fishing trips, provided
opportunities to meet with local Jewish celebrities, and have
had family outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball games
and other local community sporting events. In the Fall, our
annual Membership Kickoff Party features fun, food, raffles
and the opportunity to schmooze with friends while we watch
the Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Throughout the year, Men’s Club members help with Sukkot,
Purim and Lag B’Omer programs. We lead and participate in
Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. We are
your children’s teachers, your community volunteers and your
spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at least
18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community. I firmly believe that the Center Men’s
Club offers something for everyone. So come on out and join
us for an activity this year. I think you’ll enjoy supporting our
Jacksonville Jewish community and spending quality time
with other guys just like you!
Neil Gordon
Center Men’s Club President
2010-2012 MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
Neil Gordon
Vice President
Harry Peltz
Secretary
Mark Levine
Treasurer
Allan Andrew
Board Members
Moti Demri
Steve Gross
Mike Herring
Devon Rubin
Dave Schmerer
Bruce Stark
Brent Trager
Dan Wohl
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
Combining Voice, Data & Video
• VOICE OVER IP APPLICATIONS
•VOICE MAIL SYSTEMS
•VOICE & DATA CABLING
PBX / KEY SYSTEMS
CTI SOLUTIONS
SECURITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT
TOSHIBA
fesij
iPiCrs*
904-363-0033
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Communications Engineer
Over 39 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
8917 Western Way • Suite 20 • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
sstrumlauf@aicconverge.com
BUY LOW - SELL HIGH!
Tired of the same old advice?
Let us show you how Alternative Investments and the latest techniques in Professional
Money Management can properly position your portfolio for optimal performance.
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Balotin's Scott, Ellen, Casey, Parker & Digger
Sign up for our free newsletter at:
newsletter(cLidissercapital. com
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Advisor
(904) 730-7442 direct • (866) 730-7442 toll-free
scott@diggercapital.com
www.DiggerCapital.com
38
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 41 =====
Committees & Organizations
BOY SCOUT TROOP 14
Every year is a great year for troop #14 of the
North Florida Council, the only Jewish Troop in
North East Florida. As it enters its ninety first year,
it continues to be a vibrant part of youth activities
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. All campouts
begin with Friday night services, with lighting of
the Shabbat candles, and continue with services on
Saturday morning. Afterwards the scouts learn not
only outdoor skills, like camping and hiking but also
leadership skills, and the importance of service to
our community.
This past year we went to Camp Daniel Boone,
and lived and worked as our ancestors did two
hundred years ago. This included cooking, sleeping
and making utensils consistent with the period.
Everyone had a great time and earned merit badges
such as Leatherworking, Metalworking and Indian
Lore. Other trips included a weekend trip to
Kingsbay Naval Base, with a tour of a Nuclear Submarine, as arranged by Cdr Allen Andrew. Another great trip was
to St Mary’s Georgia, where we fished, kayaked and explored the Islands of Georgia.
This coming year looks even more exciting with plans to finish our Citizenship in the Community Merit Badge,
led by Marti Pett, Electronics Merit Badge, led by Scott Phillips, and Archeology Merit Badge led by Lori Osachy.
We also have several great service projects planned, including one for the Center’s Cemetery.
We are open to all young males between the age of 11 and 18 years who are interested in adventure.
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
Serving the Jacksonville community for over 35 years!
Proud to Be the Exclusive Caterer for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
“Simple to Elegant, Affordable for All”
*Bris / Baby Namings * Bar/Bat Mitzvahs * Weddings *Shiva Meals
-Delicious Meals to Go for Shabbat, Holidays or all Special Events
-Corporate Events and Box Lunches
-Private Resident Special Events
(Full catering, self pickup or drop off)
-Off premise Kosher catering always available
Call us today to make your special event truly special!
268-4200 ext. 142 or 130
margoscateringCdaoL com www. margoskoshercatering. com
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with Wonderful Celebrations
‘Remember, Margo’s is available for all your catering needs, in your place or ours!”
Under Strict Kashrut Supervision by Rabbi Lubliner
- if
40
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 43 =====
8
Lifecycle Events
f|
BABIES
Jason Evan Deutsch
October 7, 2009
Parents:
Debbie & Mark Deutsch
Grandparents:
Sandra & Martin Weiss
Briar Agidius
October 8, 2009
Parents:
Sarah & Jason Agidius
Grandmother:
Frieda Andriesse
Carson Agidius
October 8, 2009
Parents:
Sarah & Jason Agidius
Grandmother:
Frieda Andriesse
Barrett Hunt
November 27, 2009
Parents: Lisa & Jason Hunt
Grandparents:
Sheree & Tom Spriggs
Great-grandmother:
Roz Cassel
Logan Kohl Hunt
November 27, 2009
Parents: Lisa & Jason Hunt
Grandparents:
Sheree & Tom Spriggs
Great-grandmother:
Roz Cassel
Samuel Justin Davis
December 29, 2009
Parents: Dr. Jennifer Henle
& Douglas Davis
Grandparents: Judy & Stephen Davis
MLLOOeN” 1>LC©TA’TTN”Q
T rl rl (r\fi c /
IÍBCMLISÍI
\i mprq^or \b/
Take your next event to new heights!
Gala Affairs/Grand Openings
Corporate Events/Tradeshows
N. 1957 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD /
JACKSONVILLE /
396-6195 /
Banquets/Award Ceremonies
mjl ¿X Weddings/Receptions
Proms/Reunions/Parties
CRANE / WEDDING INVITATIONS
PERSONAL.IZED X X & ANNOUNCEMENTS
STATIONERY & INVITATIONS \ / BAR & BAT MITZVAH INVITATIONS
CALLIGRAPHY / BIR TH ANNOUNCEMENTS
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
RANDEE STEINBERG SHARI SAYE
Billie Turner (904) 724-8553
impressionssanmarco. com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
Flower s j
3802 Beach Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32207
SINCE 1947
904 398-8601
All Major Credit Cards Accepted
WWW.KUHNFLOWERS.COM
Over 500 stores nationwide offer you
the biggest selection at the lowest prices!
Party Supplies, Party Favors, Balloons & Helium, Cards, Invitations,
Gift Wrap, Seasonal Decorations, Catering Supplies,
Costume Shop Open Year ’Round
Open 7 Days • 6 Nights
11112-12 San Jose Blvd. 9400 Atlantic Blvd. 6001 -29 Argyle Forest Blvd.
262-2800 425-3124 262-2800
42
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 45 =====
I
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Tobias Emmanuel Hoff
February 21, 2010
Parents:
Jeanine & Mathew Hoff
Nathan Jack Weingram
February 28, 2010
Parents: Ivy & Joshua Weingram
Grandparents:
Barbara & Michael Schneider
Great Grandmother: Thelma Schneider
Jacob Parker Davis
March 4, 2010
Parents:
Amy & Brian Davis
Grandparents:
Joanne & Leo Davis
Samuel Adam Resnick
March 11,2010
Parents:
Jeremy & Lauren Resnick
Zachary Scott Setzer
June 10, 2010
Parents:
Melanie & Ben Setzer
Grandparents:
Debra & Leonard Setzer and
Daphne & Frank Woodard
Justin David Aronowitz
June 26, 2010
Parents:
Amy & Scott Aronowitz
Simchas & Special Celebrations
Start With
Invitations from Marcia Wasserman
35 Years Experience Selling Superb Collections of
Unique and Traditional Personalized Papers
20% DISCOUNT
OFF RETAIL PRICE
246-3246
FOR APPOINTMENT
(Your House or Mine)
Certified Mohel -hsrta
Rabbi IsraelJ. Barzak
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
118 Willow Bend Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
www.floridamohel.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
MA2ELT0V
tents tables chairs • tradeshows and exhibitions • pipe and drape • custom banners
tents and events
44
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
E
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Eden Margol
Daughter of
Tracy Margol and Oren Margol
Grandparents: Bobbie and Bennie Margol
August 14 & 15, 2009
Jacqueline Phillips
Daughter of
Pam and Scott Phillips
Grandparents:
Diane Greenbaum and Allan Gray
August 21 & 22, 2009
Shira Kitay
Daughter of
Debbie Banks & Garry Kitay
July 23, 2009 in Israel
August 28 & 29 at the Center
Sydney Gross
Daughter of
Sara and Steven Gross
October 16 & 17, 2009
Mlicah Rubin
Son of
Perrin and Devon Rubin
October 23 & 24, 2009
Haley Berger
Daughter of
Ruthie and Bradley Berger
November 20 & 21, 2009
Rachel Walker
Daughter of
Blair and Liat Walker
December 4 & 5, 2009
Colby Max Nebel
Son of
Joy and Bob Nebel
Grandparents:
Marsha and Ronnie Pollock
December 19, 2009
Shira Ferman
Daughter of
Heather and Leonard Ferman
January 8 & 9, 2010
Jenna Levine
Daughter of
Susan and Mitchell Levine
Grandparents:
Mary and Walter Beissinger
January 29 & 30, 2010
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
MJG Photographers 904.778.5310
Weddings,Bar and Bat Mitzvahs, Family Portraiture
www.mjgphotographers.com
liv'r Twist
Mobile Mixology
Complete leverage Catering
Weddings • ¡gar Mitzvahs • Corporate & Private Parties
We Provide pars, Bartenders
Mixers, glassware <£ Pill Supplies
Av?ivwe \?rmm DriNKs:
lies, Margaritas., Baiguiris, etc.
ahoh&l or aZc®li«Z av^aiZafele
www.oliv'rtwist.com
46
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Leslie Schemer
Daughter of
Kim and Hal Schemer
Grandmother: Shirley Schemer
February 12 & 13, 2010
Carly Stevens
Daughter of
Rori and Barry Stevens
March 4 & 5, 2010
Josh Nevers
Son of
Jodi Nevers
Grandfather: Howard Roy
March 11 & 12, 2010
Rachel Nevers
Daughter of
Jodi Nevers
Grandfather: Howard Roy
March 11 & 12, 2010
Gabrielle Hope Cohen
Daughter of
Anna and Joe Cohen
April 23 &24, 2010
Zachary Orender
Son of
Donna and M.G. Orender
May 28 & 29, 2010
Jacob Orender
Son of
Donna and M.G. Orender
May 28 & 29, 2010
Scott Goldstein
Son of
Laura and Fred Goldstein
June 4 & 5, 2010
Harrison Andrew
Son of
Stephanie Andrew &
Rebecca and Allan Andrew
June 11 & 12, 2010
Rachel Dranetz
Daughter of
Rebecca and Allan Andrew
and David Dranetz
June 11 & 12, 2010
47
===== PAGE 50 =====
Now offering
Cakes aifd More by Catrina
Birthdays, Anniversaries, Bar /Bat Mitzvahs, Wedding Cakes,
Cupcakes, Cookies, Brownies and More
Call today to make your special event truly special!
268-4200 ext. 142 or 130
Under Strict Kashrut Supervision by Rabbi Lubliner
48
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
Holly Zanville and Ben Smilowitz
November 14, 2009
Married in Atlanta, Georgia.
Grandparents:
Jeanette Newman and the late Melvin Newman
Rachel Rogozinski and Blair Hyman
December 26, 2009
Married in West Palm Beach, FL
Parents: Chaim and Jeanine Rogozinski
Grandparents:
Mrs. Ella Rogozinski and the late Jakob Rogozinski
GSwlefib Jewelers
“Expect the Unexpected”
Your Center for Diamonds and Colored Stone Jewelry
Annual Trip to Antwerp to buy Your Special Diamond
Custom Jewelry Design and Fabrication
Full Service In-House Jewelry Repair
Authorized PANDORA Dealer
Serving all your Jewelry Needs since 1996
221-9998
13475 Atlantic Blvd. at San Pablo
between Fresh Market & Stein Mart
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
ntertamment
Anyone Can Piay Music,
We Entertain!
(§j
(904) 880-7887
4
■ ENTERTAINING? AT HOME OR OFFICE?
* LEAVE THE WORK TO US!
Professional, Trained, Uniformed, Courteous, Hospitable, Insured
0 COOKS □ CARVERS □ SAUTE COOKS
□ SERVERS □ BARTENDERS O BUTLERS
□ MAIDS
AT YOUR SERVICE WHEN YOU WANT THEM
CALL: 904-399-3200
§Hf HospiTAÜTySTAff*
wA 07p SWUNG FOR INDUSTRY PROfUaONAlS
Jacksonville's most
trusted photographer
CATERING BY
Catered
Cocktails
It's Not What We Do that Makes Us the Best...It's How We Do It!
A Bartending Service For All of Life’s Occasions
(904) 246-4410
cateredcocktails@comcast.net
PHQTQART for all your personal & business needs
9 1 9 King Street
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
904.387, 1 0 55
Fax 904.387.2103
CATERBYLIZ@HaTMAIL.COM
Mitzvahs
www.HighDefinitionPhotography.com
50
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 53 =====
► Lifecycle Events 4
WEDDINGS
Alexandra Abramson and Barrett Mooney
May 30, 2010
Parents:
Roz and Mark Abramson
Karen Schandler and Jeffrey Glassman
June 26, 2010
Married in Armonk, NY
Parents:
Jan and Bruce Glassman
Choose *A (Fantasy in (Flowers as your PersonalFlorist
for Weddings, (Bar & (Bat (Mitzvahs and all special occasions
9891-7 San Jose Boulevard Jacksonville, Florida 32257 904 268-7022 www.fantasyflowersjax.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
Harriott
JACKSONVILLE
Complimentary Self (Parking
Sauna, FCfiirlpooI, Indoor and Outdoor Fool
Complimentary Access to FfewCy (Renovated (Fitness Center
Full Service (Restaurant ({Bistro 202) andLobby Far
Over 13,000 Square Feet of (Meeting Space
Tor flvaiCañiCity and Tricing
CdCC the Sates Office
(904)296-2222
Jdayport/St. Johns (patio
Outdoor PoohArea
Lobby Par iMayport/St. Johns (Room
4670 Satis bury Road
Jacksonviite, TL 32256
www. marriott. com/JjAjCTL
52
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
fi
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
Mindel Fuchs and Max Horovitz
August 1, 2010
Parents: Edith and Bruce Horovitz
Grandparents: Roslyn and Elliott Horovitz,
Sheldon Gendzier and Estelle Kritz,
and the late Horty T. Gendzier
Beachview & GT Rentals'
on-staff event planners
are available to help get
everything you need for the
perfect party or wedding.
Our designers and rental
team experts work hard to
make sure that no detail is
overlooked.
•Tents
•Tableware
•Tables & Chairs
•Catering Supplies
•Exclusive Table Linens
•Staging
•Dance Floors
•Lighting
•Furniture & Chuppahs
•Restroom Trailers
•Acrylic Pool Covers
Your event is always
our priority.
800 James Street, Jacksonville
All Your Event Needs
~~~< \ "i
BéachvíewTentRentals.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE DWAYNE MOORE
President Vice President
Florida's Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
sontliernmonument@bellsonth.net
54
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
E
Burial and Mourning
CENTER CEMETERY
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen Cemetery
in North Jacksonville. Both are open until 5 pm every day except Shabbat and Jewish
holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to Winona Street.
Make a right on Winona Street and go until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the
left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make
a right on 43rd Street. The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Recently, the cemetery committee has made significant improvements to the New
Center Cemetery. Signs have been replaced at the front gate, duplicating the original
plaques that were mounted when the cemetery opened, and section signs have been
updated and added for all of the more recent sections. The most significant improvement
has been the clearing of the second section, the construction of a driveway culvert and
road over the creek between sections 1 and 2 and a paving of the existing access road.
All parking will now be directed into that section and eventually the entire section will be
plotted for future grave expansion. Over the course of this coming year, the entire record
system will be automated as we begin to use a new software system.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the memory
wall located in the Hannah Setzer Memorial Hall, and a tribute in the annual Yizkor
booklets. You can also learn more about purchasing individual and family plots at the New
Center Cemetery. Details are available in the Center office. Additionally, contributions
can be made to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations
will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 5770
Chairperson
Howard Wolpoff
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Morrie Osterer
Penny Powell
Leif Rush
Nathan Sandler
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HERVA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 5770
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President / Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
55
===== PAGE 58 =====
HARD A GE- GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOMES
AND CEMETERIES
Serving the Jewish Community in
accordance with Jewish Law,
with separate Tahara facilities
for the Jewish Community.
904-346-3808
4115 Hendricks Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida
FLORIDA
WILBERT, INC.
Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
and Other Fine Burial Products
5050 New Kings Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
765-2641
n| |n
Contact the Center office or view the
Center's website to learn more about
purchasing family or individual plots
at
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Memorial Park
(New Center Cemetery)
904-292-1000
www. j axj e wishcenter .com / cemetery .html
°1 _ p
Ml
N3ÉÉi¿:, -sfe v-v-i:. •
- *mm. i I • f
C ' *
, , <-•
Sometimes
keeping the peace
means planning
ahead.
It happens Suddenly cemetery
arrangements have to he made
and no one knows what his
loved one “would have wanted.”
Then, the arguing begins.
You can prevent this happening to
your family by calling Evergreen
Cemetery today.
For over 100 years, Evergreen has
been helping Jacksonville families
plan ahead with a variety of
cemetery products, services and
payment options. Help keep the
peace in your family Come in or
call Evergreen Cemetery today
c E M & e T E R Y
Evergreen Cemetery 4535 Main Street, Jacksonville,FL 32206 353-3649
56
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
DEAR DEPARTED
Khonon Kufman
August 30, 2009
Muriel Horovitz
September 3, 2009
Bob Kolb
September 17, 2009
Vladimir Shkolyar
September 19, 2009
Nathan Schneider
September 21, 2009
Evelyn Raszkin
October 9, 2009
Elayne Brown
October 12, 2009
Norman Freedman
October 31, 2009
Sylvia Zimmerman
November 14, 2009
Eleanore Silverman
November 22, 2009
Solomon “Solly” Safer
December 6, 2009
Joan Marón
December 20, 2009
Jewell Mae Miller
December 20, 2009
Jerome Sorkin
December 31, 2009
Fannie Levin
January 4, 2010
Helene Pollan
January 8, 2010
Linda Edelstein
January 10, 2010
Hilda Lewit
January 13, 2010
Beatrice Browdy
February 4, 2010
Aaron Kleinfeld
February 18, 2010
Martin Zimmerman
February 22, 2010
Anita Garfinkel
February 27, 2010
Paul Rubin
March 8, 2010
Leah Cohen
March 25,2010
Mikhail Bernsteyn
April 11,2010
Selma Epstein
April 27, 2010
Minnie Schreiber
April 28, 2010
Abraham Hipler
May 11,2010
Sara Schmuller
May 17, 2010
Ana Koropova
May 23,2010
Ellen Freedman
May 27, 2010
Francine Fern Segall
May 30, 2010
Lena Barber
June 1, 2010
Sofiya Bernsteyn
July 6,2010
Esther Rosenblum
July 9,2010
Roland Pasey
July 22, 2010
Vera Zadnepryanets
July 28, 2010
Aaron Leonard
July 29, 2010
Northside ^ W* ♦ anil Ban Southside
4747 Main Street 4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32206 Funeral Homes Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 355-9545 George H. Hewell II Phone 737-4855
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
57
===== PAGE 60 =====
Cruisers
Free Water Testing
i
License # W-32
Affordable watfK
CONDITIONING* SOFTENING • PURIFICADO
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
CERTIFIED
WATER
SPECIALIST
Water
Quality
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
Stein Mart
Shoppers
Love
To Save!
"I know I can
go to Stein Mart
and get more
for my money"
Tracy
Stein Mart
shopper
Roosevelt Mandarin University Beaches
Baymeadows Harbour Village
1-888-Stein Mart www.steinmart.com
Thank you
Jacksonville
Jewish Center
for your
patronage
5613 San Jose Blvd. Suite 1
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-737-Burg (2874)
Steve Ctommorato
Voice & Data SpedaUsts
steve@tec-on-cal.cofn
CaH
computer • Telephone • Network
PHONE: (904) 880-2355 ext 100
at&t www.tec-on-call.com
Christopher Hernandez
REALTOR
904-329-6638
INI Realty Investments, Inc.
fax 904-730-5655
office 904-394-7125
35m# Care na- Point Drive
319 23rd Avenue South
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-270-0356
3 St. George Street
St. Augustine, FL. 32084
904-824-6993
www.cruisersgrill.com
58
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Elayne and Marty Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
59
===== PAGE 62 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Milton Hecht'’ Stuart Hechr
Sylvia, Larry, Rose
Benjamin, Jacob
Rozie, Faye & Dan
60
===== PAGE 63 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Herbert Robert Kolb
Beloved Husband, Father, and
Grandfather
We will always remember you with
the deepest love and gratitude.
Lottie Kolb
Edward, Millie, Sam
& Jonathan Tannen
===== PAGE 64 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
Janice MeiseP'
A Devoted Wife, Mother,
Daughter and Friend
You will live in our hearts forever.
Parents Doreen and Arnold Goodman
Husband Steve
Children Deborah and Michael
62
===== PAGE 65 =====
In Memoriam
«i
In Loving Memory
of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Helene and Daniel Pollan
A wise woman who was traveling in the mountains
found a precious stone in a stream. The next
day she met another traveler who was hungry,
and the wise woman opened her bag to share
her food. The hungry traveler saw the precious
stone and asked the woman to give it to him.
She did so without hesitation.
The traveler left rejoicing in his good fortune. He
knew the stone was worth enough to give him
security for a lifetime. But, a few days later, he
came back to return the stone to the wise woman.
“I’ve been thinking,” he said.
“I know how valuable this stone is, but I give it
back in the hope that you can give me something
even more precious. Give me what you have within
you that enabled you to give me this stone.”
Arthur, Loretta, Adina and Adria
Irving, Sandy, Jakob and Rebekah
Stephen
Edward, Lynette, Jason and Megan
===== PAGE 66 =====
c
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Lance Cohen
Stan Cohen
Beloved Son
and Brother
Devoted
Husband and Father
You will always be loved, missed and in our hearts forever.
Nancy, Brian and Miri
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father, grandfather
great-grandfather and friend.
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett and Rachel
64
===== PAGE 67 =====
In Memoriam
-e
In Loving Memory of
S. William “Bill” Goldstein
A very special husband, father and grandfather.
Beverly Goldstein
Jeffrey & Doris Goldstein
Ellen, Max & Aliza
Nancie & Mark Severs
Aaron, Noah & David
Janet Goldstein & lian
Lynn & Lenny Maiman
Faye, Neil & Elana
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elyne Moss
Rosanne, Andy
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kauss
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Edwin Presser
Beloved Husband, Devoted Father
and Grandfather
We remember his special love and the wonderful times we shared
and he is forever in our hearts.
Anne Presser
Marilyn
Lilah Juliet
Stephen and Diane
Elizabeth and Michael
Jeffrey and Debra
Noah, Sarah, Laura, Sam and Jonah Mac
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Beloved Wife, Mother and Grandmother
Jack Price
Ned & Sue Price
Lewis, Genna, Christopher and Brittney
Larry & Susan Price Zenick
Melissa & Anton Equagun
Kingsley and Jonah
Shoshana
Michael Price
David and Elana
1 ■ « 111 ■' purr t;ti r' urn ipphi ini
66
===== PAGE 69 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of Our
Fathers & Grandfathers
Jerry Zucker
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
Anita, Jeffrey
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy Eli & Gabriella Eden Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas, Stella Rachel & Daisy Fay Muzin
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
His Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott & Maureen Baker
Reid, Suzette, Ryan
Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie
Mathew & Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Julius Fletcher
Debbye Lorenzo
Charlotte, Dale
Gary, Sandi
Brad & Todd Fletcher
Juan & Jason Lorenzo
67
===== PAGE 70 =====
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Always a part of our lives.
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly Baker
Allen Ruby
Paula Warner
In Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Martin H. Setzer
Devoted Fathers
and Grandfathers
Ellen and Barry Setzer
Dena Setzer
In Loving Memory of
In Memory of My Blessed Parents
Max Hirsch
Paula Eckhaus Hirsch
and
Sol Gottlieb
Sigmund & Josephine Reisch
Wilhelm & Johanna Hirsch
Sidney and Anne Rubens
Martin Gottlieb
Simon & Pessie Eckhaus
Professor Josef Hirsch
Family Members Martyred 1939-1945
Josef & Mathilde Eckhaus
Gottlieb and Rubens
Family
Benjamin Eckhaus
Karl Eckhaus
Oskar Eckhaus
Jenny Hirsch Brueckner
Willhelm Brueckner
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
68
===== PAGE 71 =====
In Memoriam
i
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Jack Huttner
Our Parents
& Grandparents
Ben Gottlieb
Blanche & Sam Marks
Hannah Furman
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Irving Furman
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Gail, Paul
Stacie, Sam, Melinda &
& Liza Furman
Ben Linsky
and Sylvia Gottlieb
Jennie & Mark Gailey
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
David Mizrahi
Beloved Husband, Dad & Papa
Ranit Krinsky Lubliner
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Estelle Heilman Krinsky
Judith B. Mizrahi
Rabbi Immanuel Lubliner
Steven and Faye Mizrahi
Hannah and Eli
Rabbi Jonathan &
Ronald and Amy Mizrahi
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Mordechai, Hanna and Raphael
Avichai, Elior and Itamar
Dennis and Betsy Mizrahi
|
Rachel and Evelyn
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Our Dear Brother
David Mizrahi
Debby and Alan Katz
Ginette and Charles Mizrahi
M
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Sonya & Jan Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daniel Aron, Daren Joshua
& Shana Leslie
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Aliza Danielle & Zachary Asher
Shira & Doron Stember
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
Jerald & Karen Moms
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Evelyn & Ralph Mizrahi
Ginette & Charles Mizrahi
Judith B. Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Judy Price
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishier
Jerry & Florence Schemer
70
===== PAGE 73 =====
1 ► In Memoriam 4 )
In Loving Memory of
Our Special Sweet
Nathan Schneider
Memory of
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Jeanne and MaxTaffet
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Bertha and Hymie Selber
Barbara and Michael Schneider
Byron Selber
Lisa and Stefanie
Ivy, Joshua and
Nathan Jack Weingram
Ina and Alan Taffet
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Max & Ida Spitz
Sadie & David Barnett
Harry & Celia Slott
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Sybil Ansbacher
Louis Slott
Barry & Lisa Ansbacher
Lawrence Ansbacher
Harriette & Abe Levin
Nicole Ansbacher
Miriam & Ben Edwards
In Memory of our
beloved Parents, our dear departed
Sidney Berkovitz
family members, and our very
special friends. They are
very missed and always in our hearts.
Blanche Slott
Rita and Harold Baumgarten
Rene, Marvin & Chuck
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
fl
In Memoriam 5
1
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Beatrice Rothberg
Bernice Rothberg
Dr. Max Rothberg
Paul Rothberg'
Richard Rothberg
Chary and Michael Greenburg & Family
In Loving Memory of
“Rita” Griette J. Eller
Feb. 13, 1933 - May 3, 2008
Loving Wife, Mother & Grandmother
George Eller & Family
In Loving Memory of
Bernard Heyman
Bobbie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
In Loving Memory of
Louis Gillman
Rosalyn Gillman
Earl Levitin
Adele Levitin
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Mr. & Mrs. Martin Sack, Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg
Carole Goldberg
David & Cassandra Goldberg
Eric, Sherry and Roen Goldberg
Lane Goldberg
Marjorie Goldberg
Remembering the
Karow Family
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Remembering the
Singer Family
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Doris and Fred Singer
___ -A
72
===== PAGE 75 =====
fl
In Memoriam <
ii
In Loving Memory of
Lovee Kliman
“Grace was in all her steps...
In every gesture dignity and love.”
Hy Kliman
Marvin, Cheri & Chad
Marilyn, Nekka & Harry
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Krestul
Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Carolyn Krestul and Family
S In Loving Memory of Beloved Wife, Mother
Grandmother & Great-Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
[ Forever in our hearts, always in our thoughts.
Jack Koolik
Bonnie, Neil, Scott, Laurie
Paul & Dustin Sandler
Frank & Brooke Lynn Bonanno
Susan, Edward, Matthew & Stephen Pilcer
Helene, Emily «fe Erika Saphire
In Loving Memory of
Fannie Levin
Julius Levin
Philip Plotkin
Sara Plotkin
Robert Plotkin
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin and Family
In Loving Memory of
Gene Kornblum
Bernie and Martha Allen
Bruce Allen
Julius and Mitzi Kornblum
Matthew Kornblum
Annetta Kornblum and Family
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of
Anna Koropova and Lev Koropov
Serafima Kaplan & Samuel Brunfon
Pearl and David Skulsky
Mariam and Joseph Kaplan
Inna Koropova
Polina, Yefim, Simon, Igor, Rachel
Liya, Elliana
In Loving Memory of Beloved
Husband, Father & Grandfather
Stuart Lipsky
Bess Lipsky
Bruce, Jan, Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
73
===== PAGE 76 =====
\ P In Memoriam 4
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
Barbara Baker Torres
The DuBow Family
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Parents, Grandparents
Great-Grandparents and Sister and Mother
Lois & Mitchell Peltz
Bette Peltz Trager
Norma Jean, Richard & Lisa Bell
Brian & Robyn Bell
Ivan Peltz
Harry, Sharon, Benjamin & Rebekah Peltz
Sheri, Jeffrey, Shelby & Jolie Weiss
Brent, Alison, Brooke & Elli Trager
In Loving Memory of
Abe & Sophie Marón
Leon Marón
Theodore Weisman
Morris Libby
Joan Marón
Winifred Libby
In Loving Memory of our Beloved
Parents & Grandparents
Helen Rademan
Milton Rademan
Sidney Silverman
Eleanore Silverman
Arlene, Jerry & Jason Rademan
Alyssa & Matthew Siegel
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Mel Newman
Beloved Husband, Dad & Poppop
Our wonderful memories of so much love
and devotion are ours forever.
Jeanette Newman, Simon & Pamela Newman
Drew Newman, Shelley & Jerry Linsey
David & Lauren Linsey, Robin & Paul Lafata
Randy Linsey, Allison & Phil Cuba
Holly & Ben Smilowitz, Randi & Adam Blick
In Loving Memory of
Herman and Zelda Rosenberg
Joseph and Marianne DeFalco
Jeannine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Debbie Katz
...and in our heart forever!
Joanne and Sandy Rosenberg
Lindsay, Whitney & Jillian
In Loving Memory of
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Will
Larry & Stacie Wilf and Family
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Louis and Rene Roey
Barney and Rachel Margolin
David Benjamin
Sophia Lyn Roey
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie, Jennifer & Sadie Roey
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
m
In Memoriam 4
m
r- '
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Naomi & Larry Lazar
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber
Beverly Shreiber
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry
Charles Cherry
llene Selevan
Merle and Ron Cherry
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Zach, Leslie & Sarah
\
Kl
In Loving Memory of
Our Beloved Parents & Sister
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Loving Memory of
Phillip Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Margaret Schemer
Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Steven & Wendy Gross
Stephanie, Tony & Noah Arlotti
In Loving Memory of
Molly and
Jack Silverman
By
Their Children
In Loving Memory of
Jennie, Louis, Nathan
Pauline and
Florence Schevitz
Oscar Cohen, Alyce Zell
Irwin Kane and
Donna Kaye Zell
Mr. & Mrs. Albert Datz
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
75
===== PAGE 78 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of Our
Father and Grandfather
Ronald David Spiwak
You’ll be in our hearts forever!
Joanna, Adam & Sophie Levine
Rachel, Josh, Alec & Alaina Feinman
In Loving Memory of
Sylvia Zimmerman
Sophie & Issac Zimmerman
Frances Zimmerman
Rose & Jacob Rothstein
Ruth & Morris Essock
Benjamin Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of
Chana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Rose Levine
Joan & Ben Talpalar & Family
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Dora & Haskell Zimmerman
Joseph Pranevich
Nancy & Seeman Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of
Samuel H. Taxier
Samuel Gross
Soffie Gross
Theodore Taxier
Minnie Taxier
Nicole Lessner
Mrs. S. H. Taxier
In Memory of Our Beloved Family
Toby Appel Norman Cohen
Flossie Goldberg Jerry Herring
Barbara Weber
Rabbi Rafi, Michele & Benjamin Cohen
In Loving Memory of
Alan J. Aston
Max Mendelson
Elaine Aston Mendelson
In Loving Memory of
Shelby H. Trager
Bessie S. Frisch
Alfred Frisch
Charles, Rexine & Asher Trager
In Loving Memory of our Beloved Fathers
Grandfathers and Great-Grandfathers
George M. Bernstein
Murray R. Dacks
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson, Brenna and Jack Dacks
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Jonathan, Kim & Andrew Weintraub
Shelly Brewer
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Leon and Fanny Donziger
Helga Gottschalk
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
Julie & Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
Marilyn, Mike, Ellis, Ellen
& Otis Mass
In Loving Memory of
Max & Mildred Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
llene Selevan
Mildred & Leonard Levinson
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Martha & Edwin Kravitz
Hariette & Abe Levin
Dick, Shirley, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Later, M.D.
Dennis Lafer & Family
In Loving Memory of My Parents & Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlman
In Loving Memory of
Morris & Edie Levine
Bill, Stevie & Samantha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
In Loving Memory of
Lillian & Robert J. Gordon
Faye & Nathan Zinn
Renee & Alan Gordon
Children & Grandchildren
In Loving Memory of
Morton Maltz Yetta & Louis Platt
Augusta Platt Abraham Platt
Leonard Platt
Edna Maltz & Family
In Loving Memory of
Norman Greenbaum
Miriam Greenbaum
Mary & Jacob Wexler
Rose & Morris Gray
Allen & Diane Greenbaum Gray
In Loving Memory of
Joan Marón
Bemie Marón & Family
In Loving Memory of
Vivian Greenberg
Sue Greenberg
Adele Peck
Adolph Peck
Evelyn & Ira Peck
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris & Julia Kufman
Inna & Tim Adler
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Molly Rubinstein
Robin & Stanley Halpern & Family
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan, Debra
Aaron, Jocelyn and Miriam Mibab
===== PAGE 80 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby & David Pinsky & Family
Alicia & Jesse Rauchwarger
Bernice & Alex Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl, Elizabeth & Sarah Sekine
Joshua, Emilie & Naomi Paige Sekine
In Loving Memory of
Ruthye & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Geri and Sam Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Paul Shuman
David, Shari, Jenna & Amy Shuman
In Loving Memory of
Wanda Organes
Macy A. and Myra Cohen
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman and Mary Singal
Norman and Clara Katcher
Sheldon and Elaine Singal
In Loving Memory of
Sidney Ralph
Devoted Husband, Father & Grandfather
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ida & Harry Weber
Esther & Sol Hirsch
Estelle & Stuart Beckerman
In Loving Memory of our mother
Hannah J. Rose
and our Grandparents
Sarah & Joseph Rosenbloom
Bertha & Samuel Statland
Stephanee and Branda Rose
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie & Sadie Witten
In Loving Memory of
Leonard & Gertrude Rosenberg
Maurice & Jennie Ida Hollinger
Ruben & Rose Rosenberg
Sharon, A.J. and Jerry
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank and Daphne Woodard
In Loving Memory of
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yudowin
Max and JeanShmunes
Joni & Harry Adam & Kim
liana and Ross Shmunes
In Loving Memory of
jrma & Joe Sandler
Bonnie, Neil, Scott & Paul Sandler
Laurie, Frankie, Dustin &
Brooke Lynn Bonanno
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker, Jerry Zucker
Fran Marcus
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
c
In Memoriam <
ft
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker
Jerry Zucker
Zipora Zucker
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Annette G. Bernstein
In Loving Memory of
Lester Greenfield - Steven Greenfield
Judy, Scott & Cynthia Greenfield
in Loving Memory of Shirley Berger - Arnold Berger
Andrea Mitsch
Ruthie & Brad Berger & Family
In Loving Memory of
Sidney A. Hoffman
Ben Hunter
Barbara & Fewis Hunter
Rena Bernard
Sam & Etta Harris Renee Bloom
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Soga Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Peter & Phyllis Fesnik
In Loving Memory of
Leon Bernstein
Annette G. Bernstein
To Honor the Memory of Beloved Parents and Brother
Sara, Albert and Norman Mannis
Libby Katz & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of Beloved Brother & Nephew
Stanley Cohen - Lance Cohen
Anne Presser & Family
In Loving Memory of
Edward Allen Mervis
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney Norton
In Loving Memory of
Jean Cramer
Beloved Mother and Grandmother - An Inspiration of Energy and Humor
Joanne and Leo Davis
In Memory of the Greatest Father
Irving Raikes
We miss you everyday - The Raikes Family
In Loving Memory of L60 D Í11Í11
Esther Dinin & Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry & Michele
In Loving Memory of Beloved Parents & Sister
Bessie & I.H. Edwards
Delores (Dodie) Cohen
Marsha Berdit
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Esther and Sam Rosenblum
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
Milton & Shirley Felder
Samuel A Ramsey, Jr.
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
In Memory of Our Son
Jonathan Roth
And Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal and Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jason Freedman
Marilyn D. Freedman
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of
Stuart Fried and Robert Kopp
Hank & Ellen Kopp & Family and Phyllis Fried
In Loving Memory of
Sam Louis Silberstein
Delores Silberstein and Family
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Beloved Memory of
Carl Jay
Rose Jay Sonenstein
Arlene Faracchio
In Loving Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson
Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Murry Wolfson
Ruby Price and Ben & Gussie Baker
Renee Wolfson Moses
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
V The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs
L’DOR V’DOR SOCIETY
From generation to generation the importance and
significance of a Jewish education has been a cornerstone
of the Jacksonville Jewish community. The L’Dor V’Dor
Society, an annual giving campaign, was developed by
stakeholders in the community who recognize the value of
the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, the Bernard and Alice
Selevan Religious School and the JJC Preschool. The goal
of the society is to annually provide financial support that
will ensure the sustainability of these vital institutions.
I/DOR V'DOR SOCIETY All gifts made to the annual giving campaign are
At the Jacksonville Jewish Center vital to the advancement of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
schools. Your contribution will help our schools develop
and maintain a challenging curriculum, reflective of our mission to provide the highest quality of
education to our children.
Interested parties can become members of the L’Dor V’Dor Society through many different levels of
giving. To become a member of the L’dor V’Dor Society please consider a minimum gift of $18 per year.
LDVD Society Committee 2010 -
2011
Carrie Bielski
Meredith Friedman
Marcy Rudowitz
Shirley Bielski
Sara Gross
Wendy Sapolsky
Rachel Brodsky
Jon Mitzmacher
Lois Tompkins
Shereen Canady
Mauri Mizrahi
Paige Wajsman
Nancy Davis
Alyse Nathans
Shari Wiess
Yakov Feig
Jennifer Plotkin
GIVING LEVELS
Shoresh/Roots -
$10,000 +
Gezah/Trunk -
$5,000 +
Anaf/Branch -
$1,800 +
Tzameret/Treetop -
$ 1,000 +
Aleh/Leaves -
$500 +
Gareen/Seeds -
Up to $499
===== PAGE 83 =====
p- The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs
EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION
Over one hundred and forty people gathered on May 2nd for the Excellence in Education End of the Year
Celebration to enjoy a complimentary brunch and honor one of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School’s most loved
teachers with the Rabbi David Gaffney Leadership in Education award. Family, friends, students and colleagues
came together to celebrate the success and impact of Judy Reppert and her outstanding 35 year career as a teacher
at our school. Former students Dennis Mizrahi and Sam Horovitz shared stories from their favorite teacher’s
classroom and described how her teaching tools not only helped them learn in her class, but in future classrooms
and in life as well.
The event was an opportunity to welcome the new Head of School of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School,
Jon Mitzmacher, and highlight the wonderful achievements of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool and the
Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School. Jon Mitzmacher discussed his vision for the school and shared his
excitement for this upcoming year. Religious School principal Lois Tompkins and Preschool principal Shereen
Canady also spoke about the exceptional programming and educational activities that have occurred during the
past school year.
The Excellence in Education End of the Year Celebration was an opportunity to introduce the L’Dor V’Dor
Society to the community. The event marked the beginning of an annual fundraising campaign that will raise the
funds necessary to perpetuate the good works the Jacksonville Jewish Center schools are known for and to ensure
that the resources needed for the schools to continue to offer the highest quality of secular and Judaic currículums
will be provided.
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
It’s Our
Carl Cushnir
• Incandescent
• Flourescent
• Quartz Halogen
• Metal Halide
• High Pressure Sodium
• Mercury Vapor
• Low Pressure Sodium
• Miniature
• Sealed Beam
• Photo
• Stage/Studio
• Projection
• Fiber Optic
• Medical
• Scientific
• Micrographic
• Sockets
• Photo Controls
• Flourescent Ballasts
• Electronic Ballasts
• HID Ballasts
• Tube Guards
• Lighting Lenses
• Batteries
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc,
144 Stockton Street • Jacksonville, FL 32204
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. That s the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the very
best in quality, selection and service.
Publix.
Local 904-260-2444 • Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
BEEN OUR
PLEASURE.
Watson Plumbing
(904) 737-6337
24 Hours a Day
7 Days a Week
Residential • Commerical • Industrial
4456 Sunbeam Road
Suite 200
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Repairs
Watson Plumbing
The Watson Way
CFG 057664 (904) 737.5337
fax (904) 899-6827
A Division ofWatson Maintenance Services, Inc. www.watson-plumbing.com
82
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 85 =====
The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The JJC PTA works tirelessly to put together a full and enriching year for
students of all three Center schools: the JJC Preschool; the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School; and the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School. The JJC
PTA contributes to the enhancement of our children’s educational experience
by providing programs/events, equipment, technology and so much more. The
monthly technology “Coffee Talks” and speakers at PTA meetings provide parents
with educational opportunities.
Some fun events to look forward to include: “Parents Only” Game and
Social Night, Father/Daughter Dance and Mother/Son Bowling. The PTA will
continue to provide services such as Vision Screening, Red Ribbon Week, Shabbat
Boxes, Holiday Observance and the publication of our yearbook. Our annual
Kaleidoscope Day, which is a day of art and cultural education, is always highly
anticipated by our students.
All of these services are possible because of your support through membership,
fundraising and donations. Don’t miss the amazing and spectacular Chai Family
Fun Run, our largest fundraising event for all three schools. Other fundraisers for
the 2010 - 2011 school year are the annual Magazine/Gift Wrap Sale and Discount
Cards. Successful fundraising benefits every classroom and every child.
Your PTA welcomes you and encourages your involvement. Become active
in developing and nurturing the future leaders of our Jewish community. Join us
and help make this the most fantastic year ever.
Debbie Goldstein and Rebecca Fixel
PTA Co-Presidents
2010-2012 PTA Officers
Co-Presidents
Debbie Goldstein &
Rebecca Fixel
VP of Programming
Rebekah Selevan &
Andrea Mail
VP of Fundraising
Carrie Bielski &
Melissa Garber
VP of Services
Yakov Fieg &
Gabrielle Bubis
Treasurer:
Tammy Schemer
Secretary
Alyse Nathans
Past President
Talie Zaifert
83
===== PAGE 86 =====
r Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool ^
LOCATED IN THE SELEVAN PRESCHOOL & DAY CARE CENTER
There are many jewels in this building. One sparkling, busy, messy, loud, full of life
gem is located just down the hall. It is called the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool. As
we like to call it, it is a “Home away from Home” for the children and families who step in
its doors. We view each child as a unique, precious gift entrusted in our care.
I want to share with you some of the stories our preschool parents have shared with me.
A parent once told me this sweet story. She was driving down San Jose Blvd. and from
the back seat her 3 year old son asked, “Mom, have you ever seen Hashem?” What surprised
her was not that he asked if she had ever seen Hashem but that he used the word Hashem.
They did not use this word at home. He told her he had learned this word at school.
Another mom shared with me that her daughter asked her if she would come on her
class field trip to River Garden. She told her that she had made hamentaschen and stated
that her class would be doing a mitzvah by giving them to the people at River Garden. “Do
I care that she used the word ‘mitzvah’?” the mom asked. “Not necessarily, it warms my
heart that she wants to make the gift and that she’s connecting it back to something she’s
been exposed to at school, which is that we take care of one another.”
At a recent parent meeting we shared stories about Passover and our family seders.
One mom beamed as she told us her story. She said that this had been one of the best seders
she ever had. She and four other families with young children celebrated together. Each family was asked to bring the many
Passover treasures that their children had made. The hosting mom set out all the seder plates, Elijah cups, afikomen bags,
frogs, ten plagues books and more that all the children had made at our school. It was a gorgeous display. They began their
evening with a Passover circle time. The children were able to lead most of the songs and the telling of the story.
Every day I hear these types of endearing stories & find that our kids amaze us. This is why I chose this preschool -1
wanted my daughters to leam how special it is to be Jewish. When I first walked into the JJC Preschool, I felt immediately at
home. My faculty and 1 strive each day to help our parents feel this connection. This doesn’t come from simply walking into
a friendly environment and hearing kids singing, it comes from something deeper - it comes from walking into our school
and hearing kids sing the Shema, watching as they peek out from their tent dressed up as Sarah and Avraham to welcome
their friends, it comes from watching as they wave the Israeli flags they made and singing “Kachol v’lavan”. These are the
types of experiences our young preschoolers are having with us each day.
I recently read an article by llene Vogelstein entitled “If Not Now, When?”
She wrote,
“Among all forms of Jewish education, early childhood Jewish education holds one of the greatest potentials for the
future viability of the North American Jewish community. It instills a Jewish identity in children, one that is permanently
imprinted in their brains and that will remain with them throughout their lives, ft strengthens the Jewish identity and practice
of families, provides a significant venue for adults to connect with other Jewish adults and serves as a pivotal gateway into
further involvement and commitment to Jewish life and the Jewish community.”
At this stage of their lives, parents of young children are open to considering questions of identity and connection for
themselves and their children. The raising of young children offers Jewish communities an unrivaled opportunity to engage
young families and deepen their Jewish journeys.
As one of my favorite college professors used to say, “the magic is in the journey.” We at the JJC Preschool see and feel
this magic each day. - Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Director
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Preschool Assistant Director
Jen Katz
Administrative Assistant
===== PAGE 87 =====
85
===== PAGE 88 =====
I- Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool-4
:
wmmm
Doobonim I
Teachers: Rachel Phillips, Amit Homsky
Benjamin Cohen, Elizabeth Teitelbaum,
Adyson Shapiro, Hank Shapiro, Maya Asor
NOT PICTURED Zahariah Stahl, Noa Levy,
Lucy Burns, Sydney Swartz
Doobonim II
Teachers: Aslin Lamm, Susan Hughes
Back Row:
Brendan Heger, Myles Heger, Kyra Jaffa,
Andrew Wolpoff, Ali Goldman,
Front Row:
Kagan Gould, Ashton Brodsky, Molly Rudowitz,
Alana Werwa, Tyler Puritz, Charles Milian
Kofi m
Teachers: Tori Boyd, Cheryl Gartner
Back Row:
Naomi Toronczyk, Brooke Gridley, Sean Griswold,
Efrat Ohayon, Noa Rosenbaum, Leia Taylor,
Jacob Taylor, Sadie Handmaker
Front Row:
Micah Jaffa, Zach Hoff, Charlie Resnick,
Zev Shapiro, Sean Zahler, Jacob Campbell
NOT PICTURED Eli Marks
Parparim I
Teachers: Sharon Herbst, Jessica Ryan
Back Row:
Jake Yaksich, Madelyn Millrood, Jacob Gross,
Josh Katz, Jacob Morganthal, Masha Bezverkh,
Andrew Goldman, Ethan Logvinov
Front Row:
Harrison Manin, Sofia Friedman, Lucy Gould,
Shelly Kats, Madilyn Lewis, Hayden Garber
NOT PICTURED Abigail Rotenberg
86
===== PAGE 89 =====
V Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool-4
Parparim II
Teachers: Jamie Rowe, Esther Ohayon
Back Row:
Hunter Puritz, Madison Ruckh, Evan Wolpoff,
Sophia Milian, Ella Haas, Lily Davis, Izabella Davis
Front Row:
Maddie Belanoff, George Setzer, Dante Gaviglio,
Cheyenne Gladden, Olivia Ackerman, Danny Bomser,
Talia Zagagi NOT PICTURED Sophie Alalof
Tzeeporim I
Teachers: Joni Shmunes, Robin Vitiello
Back Row:
Alexandra Selevan, Ashley Zunic, May Amoyal,
Ava Jaffa, Maria Markosov, Moe Jaffa, Ariel Ohayon
Front Row:
Bradley Silverman, Danny Bubis, Elli Trager,
Brooke Trager, Aleeya Spector, Andrew Herbst
Tzeeporim II
Teachers: Sarah Russell, Hanna Bendit
Back Row:
Josh DeBardeleben, Saylor Scharf, Elad Homsky,
Eva Gridley, Jason Saperstein, Mason Teitelbaum
Front Row:
Jacob Hairel, Emily Kirshbaum, Riley Kendall,
Anna Feig, Daisy Handmaker, Lailah Weiner
NOT PICTURED Ethan Vugman
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
mmm
Shalom Baby
MOMMY AND ME WITH A JEWISH TWIST
Jami Shapiro
Shalom Baby Coordinator
The prenatal group meets bimonthly and covers numerous topics
including: Head to Toe Baby with a pediatrician; Ask a Rabbi - Baby
Naming and Bris; Everything You Need To Have To Bring Home Baby;
Nursing vs. Bottle Feeding; and more. The group is designed to bring
expectant parents together to form a new community and attract new
members to the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The other new addition, Mother’s Tea, is for newly delivered babies up to
crawling and their mothers to come, relax, mingle and put their feet up while
being served tea and cookies. This group meets at 9 am on Monday mornings in the Youth Lounge.
Jami Shapiro, the group’s leader, is the mother of three girls ages 2-9 and comes to the position with lots of
experience working with children - both her own and as a paid Jewish professional. Jami’s been a Sunday School
teacher, camp counselor and youth group advisor. She also participated in numerous programs with her own children
and will be incorporating many of these aspects into the curriculum. If you are interested in any of our Shalom Baby
programs, please stop by the Preschool office
for more information, or call 268-4200 xl43.
Hope you can join us!!
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool’s Shalom Baby program is in
its fifth year now. Classes meet weekly to offer caregivers and babies an
environment to play, learn and meet new friends. Each class offers songs,
stories, circle time, crafts and hot topic discussion. Shalom Baby will
continue on Monday mornings at 10 am for crawlers and 11 am for walkers
in the JJC Preschool. Shalom Baby has added a few new programs to its
offerings including a Prenatal Group for Expectant Parents and a Mother’s
Tea for brand new babies.
88
===== PAGE 91 =====
Kids Club
KIDS CLUB CATERS TO ALL
Robyn Ossi
Kids Club Coordinator
The Jacksonville Jewish Center offers an outstanding after-school program for one
year olds through 5th graders. Kids Club, our extended day program, meets the needs of
our families by providing nurturing, engaging, educational and fun programming.
Our kids will become Jr. JJC Green Team Members as they learn about how to
take care of our environment and perform the mitzvot of tikkun olam, “repairing the
world” through human actions. We will explore the habitats of the world, learning about
what makes each unique and important. We will “journey” through the rain forests,
ocean, deserts, fresh waters, grasslands, arctic and urban habitats. We will learn about
the special characteristics and animal inhabitants of each through stories, arts and crafts,
indoor and outdoor games, experimentation, cooking, music and more.
In addition to our Kids Club program, the Jacksonville Jewish Center has amped
up their after-school enrichment classes for the Fall of 2010. Parents do not have to
pick up their children and drive them to karate, ballet or soccer. They can choose the
convenience and excellence of our wonderful programs. Our classes are open to all JJC
students and the entire community.
Specialty classes are offered daily at a variety of times. We are thrilled to welcome back our fabulous Art
Impressions class, led by Kimberly Miller, our variety of dance programs including Ballet, Jazz, YogalPilates Mix,
& Fairy Tales in Motion, led by Lynn Matthews from Mark Spivak’s Dance Studios, Soccer led by Jay Golomb of
JYSC, and Karate led by Sun Belt Karate Studio.
In addition to these solid classes, we are delighted to add some new innovative sessions this Fall. We have added
a Music & Movement class for our preschoolers, and a Music Theatre class for our 1st through 5th graders, both led
by Jeanine Hoff. We are excited to add a stimulating Mad Science workshop, Lacrosse training by GESA, and Girls
on the Run led by Betsy Mizrahi and Stephanie Teitelbaum. We are proud of Kids Club and the service we provide
for our families. For more details about all
the terrific programs offered through the JJC
Early Childhood Department, please contact
Shereen Canady at 268-4200 ext. 143.
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
P Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
LOCATED IN THE GORDON-HECHT-BOSSEN EDUCATION CENTER
I am very excited to be the new head of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I have spent the last four and a half years
as the founding head of the Solomon Schechter Day School of Las Vegas (also
housed in a Conservative congregation, Temple Beth Sholom,) where I helped
build a new school from its original six students to a full K-5 elementary school of
nearly eighty-five. When I began looking for my next headship and community,
it was very important for my family and 1 to find a school rich with both tradition
and potential located in a dynamic Jewish community. Our visit to MJGDS
satisfied us on all accounts. Our decision to move to Jacksonville is not just a
professional one - we have come to raise our children in a place we hope is our
home for years to come.
I am very much looking forward to partnering with MJGDS parents to
ensure that there is a floor, but no ceiling, for each student in our school. It is my
goal to successfully maximize the academic, social and spiritual development of
each student. What makes a great Jewish Day School “Jewish” is not limited to
the Jewish Studies curriculum. It is in the language in which Jewish values are
expressed. It is helping to make Jewish behaviors - kashmt, Shabbat, tefillah, etc. - normative for students
when those behaviors are often anything but. Perhaps most importantly, our students will be the menchen who
will one day lead this Jewish community.
Under my leadership, the Day School will continue to integrate technology in the classroom, progress
Hebrew language acquisition through deep immersion, and grow our students’ global vision with Israel at
its center. To me, there is no more serious responsibility a person can have than being entrusted with the
education of a child. This is a trust that I, and the teachers of MJGDS, will work tirelessly to earn. Working
together, we can be sure that the future of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is bright.
My wife, Jaimee, and daughters, Eliana and Maytal, join me in wishing the entire community a shana tova
umetuka, a good and sweet new year.
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of School
Jon Mitzmacher
Rabbi Rafi Cohen
School Rabbi
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Talie Zaifert Robyn
Director of Marketing Sabatt-Waring
& Admissions Executive Assistant
Administrative
Assistant
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
2010 - 2011 MJGDS FACULTY'
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Silvia Rosenthal Tolisano
21 st Century
Learning Specialist
Andrea Hernandez
21st Century
Learning Specialist
Jo Ann Kagan
Academic Resources
Louise Leonard
Librarian
Shana Gutterman
Art
Jared Goldman
Physical Education
Kim Glasgal
Technology Assistant
Jeanine Hoff
Music
91
===== PAGE 94 =====
►—Martin j. Gottlieb Day School
A YEAR IN THE LIFE • 2009 " 2010
===== PAGE 95 =====
mjgds 2009-2010 Classes
Kindergarten A
Teachers:
Arlene Yegelwel, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Laurie Simmons, Assistant
Students:
Allie Bielski, Abigail Fixel,
Raphael Friedman, Benjamin Davis,
Jack Hernandez, Benjamin Howard,
Samuel McAraw, Izador Silverman,
Isabel Zhukov
Kindergarten B
Teachers:
Coumtney McAraw, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Laurie Simmons, Assistant
Students:
Lial Amoyal, Noah Bomser,
Julia DeBardeleben, Zoe Garber,
Austin Gardner, Dasha Makarov,
Nate Sussman, Gabriel Widens
First Grade A
Teachers:
Bonnie Loeser, General Studies
Rivka Cohen and Robin Morris,
Judaic Studies
Hanna Bendit, Judaic Studies Asst.
Students: Parker Balotin,
Rebecca Burstein, Benjamin
Chafetz, Camille Czarka,
Sydney Herbst, Ayden Israel,
Jonathan Kats, Ronen Marlowe,
Arin Nathans, Elad Ohayon,
Natan Shcherbakov,
Ariella Tesler, Jonah Widens
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
► mjgds 2009-2010 Classes *4
First Grade B
Teachers:
Kristi Trinkle, General Studies
Rivka Cohen and Robin Morris,
Judaic Studies
Hanna Bendit, Judaic Studies Asst.
Students: Julia Canady,
Eliana Jaffa, Evan Levy,
Jasmine Mail, Joshua Miller,
Zach Mizrahi, Jacob Selevan,
Emily Teitelbaum, Griffith Werwa,
Jeremy Zaifert,
Samantha Zimmerman
Second Grade
Teachers:
Carla Bernard, General Studies
Edith Horovitz, Judaic Studies
Students: Benjamin Arnold, Jamie
Bielski, Rebecca Bubis, Savonnie
Gonzalez, Liam Heger, Yoni
Homsky, Julia Katzin,
Itamar Lubliner, Elior Lubliner, Zoe
Mail, Evelyn Mizrahi,
Ethan Plotkin, Zachary Shainbrown,
Andrew Williamson
I!
ur .
, . ■ %
• "Ha t i ' É ' Ü* j
Ilf -
Third Grade
Teachers:
Marjie Rogozinski, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Shannon McVearry, Assistant
Students:
Casey Balotin, Cayla Canady, Sarah
Chisholm, Danielle Fetner, Ethan
Garber, Barbara Goldstein, Jake
Gould, Brianna Grossman, Justin
Heger, Naomi Herman,
Lily Hernandez, Shoshana Howard,
Rachel Levy, Katelynn McAraw,
Talya Pames, Sarah Schemer,
Sydney Teitelbaum
94
===== PAGE 97 =====
mjgds 2009-2010 Classes
Fourth Grade
Teachers:
Andrea Raitt, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Angela Mungin, Assistant
Students: Jilliyn Chishom,
Shira DuBow, Joshua Feig,
Edyn Gottlieb, Hannah Gross,
Ryan Heger, Allie Israel,
Sabrina Mail, Max Mizrahi,
Daniel Nabert, Rachel Olive,
Montgomery Phillips, Lance
Schlecter, Samuel Sommers,
Claire Thompson, Reesa Zaifert,
Josh Zimmerman
Fifth Grade
Teachers:
Shelly Zavon, General Studies
liana Manasse, Judaic Studies
Students: Samuel Goldstein,
Ari Howard, Julia Kahn,
Aaron Kitay, Jordan Levine,
Avichai Lubliner, Zarra Marlowe,
Benjamin Miller, Ryan Mizrahi,
Joey Plotkin, Sonya Pulley,
Elan Sandler, Rachel Spector
Sixth Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Judy Reppert
Students:
Joel Cohen, Steven Finker,
Samantha Katzin, Eli Mizrahi,
Douglas Nabert,
Rebecca Nathans,
I lyssa Ward
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
Y ^
► mjgds 2009-2010 Classes 4
Seventh Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Deborah Kuhr
Students: Justin Clevette,
Shira Ferman, Manya Goldstein,
Sydney Gross, Eliza Israel,
Jenna Levine, Rachel Mizrahi,
Orly Ohayon, Zachary Orender,
Jacob Orender, Micah Rubin,
Sarit Sandler, Leslie Schemer,
Rachel Walker
Eighth Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Susan Burkhart
Students: Hannah Gendzier,
Mendel Goldstein, Alex Gottlieb,
Shira Kitay, William Leonard,
Victoria Levine, Shaina Plotkin,
Mamie Sapolsky, Sarita Weltman
96
===== PAGE 99 =====
P— mjgds 2009-2010 Middle School —<4
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
A UNITED SYNAGOGUE OF CONSERVATIVE JUDAISM FRAMEWORK FOR EXCELLENCE SCHOOL
As the 2009-2010 school year ended in 1IW>r
May, we were able to look back on an amazing ¡RvIlH
year of growth, mitzvot, memories and happy llfcy)Jl ■BHIiggijES^
experiences. The Religious School continued
to develop the traditional strengths of our religious school curriculum, while the
new two day/week schedule and other changes that were made last year gave
new depth and dimensions to Religious School programming. The emphasis on
community and intensifying the strong partnership with the extended Jacksonville
Jewish Center family has enriched the school and provided the children with a
positive and comfortable atmosphere in which to grow.
The expanded Sunday program has allowed the addition of a wider variety
of experiential programs for students and their parents, and they have enjoyed
becoming a regular part of morning minyan and holiday services right alongside
congregants of all ages. On Wednesday afternoons, the school begins together
with a Mincha (afternoon) service, led by the students with growing expertise as
Lois Tompkins
Director
they develop prayer, community and leadership skills. Children enjoy a light family-style dinner on Wednesday
evenings and the teachers kvell as their students recite blessings before they eat and Birkat HaMazon
afterwards with great ruachl
By expanding 2nd grade into a 2 day per week program, teachers are now able to introduce the Hebrew
reading and prayer curriculum at an earlier age. The addition of the 8th grade this past year is allowing the
school to structure a true, exciting middle school program for older students. This August, we will begin to
introduce United Synagogue’s Etgar curriculum, which incorporates cooperative learning, hands-on activities
such as mitzvot projects and courtroom-style debates, and individual Hebrew prayer instruction. 8th graders
will attend on Shabbat instead of Sundays under the guidance of staff as they transition into involved, active
members of the Jewish community as young adults in our congregation.
As always, the program continues to incorporate art, music, computer technology and experiential
programming into the curriculum. All students will still be individually tracked, and a special education
professional is on hand to work with children and teachers in an inclusive environment. The school’s signature
family programs will, of course, continue to provide a rich blend of home and synagogue education. The
children are the winners as the JJC Religious School continues to grow and flourish!
L’Shanah tova,
Lois B. Tompkins
98
===== PAGE 101 =====
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
fr- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
CLASSES OF 2009-2010
Third Grade - Gimel
Rose Blumenfeld, Alex Cywes
Claire Cywes, Jacqueline Ernas
Carly Gare, Benjamin Greenhut
Madison Grosse, Julia Plotkin
Gil Sapolsky, Gillian Shapiro
Hannah Silverstein, Arielle Wajsman
Sabrina Zilberman, Brooke Zimmerman
Wendell Zimmerman, Alyssa Zunic
Second Grade - Bet
Noah Elgerabli
Amelia Ernas
Jacob Lansaw
Ethan Levine
Yaelle Szoychen
Jolie Weiss
Kindergarten
Jacob Alalof
Benjamin Davis
Dalia Dryden (Oberlander)
Brandon Ruckh
Jacob Sommers
First Grade - Alef
Veronica Bryant, Julia Grosse
Noah Gutterman, Orli Gutterman
Maiah Jaffa, Rebecca Katz
Jagger Leach, Sydney Leach
Benjamin Model, Laura Rogovin
Shane Rubin, Sydni Rudowitz
Eryn Saye, Ali Shapiro
Leah Zimmerman
100
===== PAGE 103 =====
\r Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
CLASSES OF 2009-2010
Sixth Grade_- Vav
Jake Fetner, Jessie Friedman
Jack Gare, Matthew Herman
Jakob Pollan, Brooke Sapolsky
Eighth Grade - Chet
Julia Allerding, Benjamin Cooper
Talia Fetner, Josh Nevers
Jackie Phillips, Sam Yarish
Fourth Grade - Dalet
Ellis Levine, Joel Margol, Micah Pames, Shelby Weiss
Ally Wolfson, Abigail Zilberman, Bennett Zimmerman
Fifth Grade - Hay
Jennie Gordon, Jonathan Mirensky, Jared Plotkin
Julian Rubin, Taylor Rudowitz, Alexander Wajsman
Liam Wirsansky
Seventh Grade - Zayin
Michael Appel, Harrison Andrew, Hailey Berger
Gabi Cohen, Martin Cohen, Rachel Dranetz
Adam Elgerabli, Scott Goldstein, Sarah Miller
Rachel Nevers, Ivan Pulley , Carly Stevens
Ari Szoychen
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
P Makom 4
JACKSONVILLE HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL
The Diaspora Jew is always tied to a place: a holy place, a place of
worship. We sometimes refer to God as Ha-Makom, meaning literally, “the
place” - not because God lives at a specific address, but because we can
find the Divine anywhere we care to look. Makom: Jacksonville Hebrew
High School will offer teens a diverse menu of places and opportunities
for creative and fun experiences, including teen celebrations of Shabbat, a
monthly “Wild on Wednesday” (a.k.a WOW) social event with a Jewish twist
co-sponsored by the Center’s United Synagogue Youth (USY) chapter, and
an overnight trip for each grade.
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
A program coordinated through the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
MAKOM is open to all Jewish teens living in Jacksonville who are in 9th
through 12th grades. Classes are slated to meet on Wednesday evenings
from 7-9 pm. Contact Hazzan Holzer for more information.
Jacksonville
Hebrew High School
102
===== PAGE 105 =====
► Educational Milestones 4
HAGIGAT HASIDDUR • FEBRUARY 6, 2010
Parker Balotin, Veronica Bryant, Rebecca Burstein,
Julia Canady, Benjamin Chafetz, Camille Czarka,
Ethan Garber, Julia Grosse, Noah Gutterman,
Orli Gutterman, Sydney Herbst,
Ayden Israel, Eliana Jaffa, Maiah Jaffa,
Jonathan Kats, Rebecca Katz,
Jacob Lansaw, Jagger Leach, Sydney Leach,
Evan Levy, Jasmine Mail, Ronen Marlowe,
Joshua Miller, Zach Mizrahi,
Benjamin Model, Arin Nathans,
Elad Ohayon, Ethan Plotkin,
Laura Rogovin, Shane Rubin, Sydni Rudowitz,
Eryn Saye, Jacob Selevan,
Ali Shapiro, Natan Shcherbakov,
Emily Teitelbaum, Ariella Tesler,
Griffith Werwa, Jonah Willens, Jeremy Zaifert,
Leah Zimmerman, Samantha Zimmerman
CONFIRMATION • MAY 14, 15, & l8, 2010
Rebecca Appel
Samuel Bernard
Benjamin Hecht
Emily Levine
Gabrielle Magid
Sarah Neadle
Sara Plotkin
Larry Richter
Shira Rittenberg
Leah Robbins
Max Rogozinski
Laura Sandler
Alexandra Silverberg
103
===== PAGE 106 =====
raaRk spfoak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Mornings & Nights All Levels - 3 to Adult
• BALLET•POINTE
• CHARACTER
• JAZZ * TAP
•HIP HOP* MODERN
PRIVATE CLASSES
Preschool Combo Classes
for 3-5 year olds
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos. - 21/2 yrs. old
•GYMNASTICS
•ACRORATICS
• CHEER DANCE
SUMMER CAMP
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
MANDARIN
268-3583
3740 San Jose Place
Behind Long John Silver’s
Tumblh
JULINGTON CREEK PLANTATION
230-7778
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
Corner -Racetrack & Flora Branch
FRUIT COVE
287-4619
445 N. State Rd. 13,1/2 mile
south of Julington Creek Bridge
iumoling
Cfomnaaticó, HumMing, <£ SrittieAó
ciaaaea fox JCida
J*»
Galt fa* Vtuxt cCuóó.
Gía¿ó Space io (united ■
CLge. 16 month to
tXemenUvcy, Schoot Clge
iB’vttfuhuf fPcvUiea auailaMe
Conveniently located in Julington Creek area off Race Track Rd.
next to Mark Spivak’s Dance Extension
For schedule and forms please visit
markspivak.com
Discount applied to Mark Spivak’s Institute & Dance Extension students
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
230-6291/230-7778
cSízztdon D^ajjtan <Ü~*íz.
& c^fisoaLatzs,
When the world seems to big
and you don't know which way to turn...
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
Since 1973
• Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Familes
3601 Hendricks Avenue
FL. Lie. PY0002334
396-2666
104
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 107 =====
Center Youth Department
A MESSAGE FROM THE YOUTH DIRECTOR
Growing up at the Jacksonville Jewish Center provides our children with
many fine opportunities to be productive members of their community, both
inside and outside the building. We are proud to contribute to that growth.
One of our main goals is to teach the children the importance of giving
back. That is repeatedly accomplished through the many projects and programs
the Center Youth Department offers. They not only learn to put smiles on other
people’s faces, but we’ve seen plenty of smiles on our kids’ young faces as well.
The memories created by these moments are, as the commercial says, priceless.
The interaction among the children is also a special part of life in the Youth
Department. They often don’t realize that they are learning and growing as they
have so much fun. The friendships they make and the relationships they mold with
the leaders of the Center are, again, things that they will carry with them forever.
Through our advisors, your children learn to be responsible, resourceful,
original and creative. Those adults are committed to youth groups rich in
Jewish values and traditions. They serve as true mentors, instilling a sense of
pride in all our young people.
We, at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Youth Department, strive to grow along with our children. We
must encourage them to continue their Jewish and community social action participation and guide them in
their efforts to become educated, open-minded Jewish adults.
I continue to look forward to helping guide our children in these important endeavors. Thank you all for
another wonderful year.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families.
Gayle Bailys
Director
Gayle D. Bailys
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
The Youth Commission oversees all
youth organizations and programs sponsored
by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the
Camp KiTov. The committee is made up of
youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that
the future of Conservative Judaism can be
secured through participation in innovative
programs designed to develop upcoming
Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center
Youth Groups, the Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer
programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY-on-Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel
Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities for our children to share wholesome fun and uniquely
Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth Commission assists
applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue
and community. Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are
sent that bring warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children
by keeping us updated on their school mailing and email addresses.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is to bridge the invisible gap between the
home, the school and the synagogue. All of our youth
activities combined offer a unique opportunity to
stimulate educational, spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and Youth Director,
sets the standards and policies for these programs.
===== PAGE 108 =====
• Multi/Full Color
Printing:
Newsletters Letterhead
Brochures Envelopes
Forms Business Cante
Catalogs Reports
• Layout & Design
• High Volume
Duplicating
• Custom Binding
& Finishing
• Typesetting
• Fax Services
fustPrintlt!
.Nail Polish
Shampoos
&
Conditioners
3715-4 San Jose Place
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-4644
f»« (904)262-4738
email justprintit_l@comcast.net
5858 St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-731-4177
■f Tanning Products
Brushes & Combs
www.bdtconcept5.com
Brian Williams
bwilliams@bdtconcepts.com
New & Compatible Toner Cartridges
Printers • Fax Machines • Point of Sale
Sales • Service • Supplies
5105 Philips Highway • Jacksonville, FL 32247
(904) 262-2590 • (800) 736-5199 • Fax: (904) 262-2565
\
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-4391 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
Call us for all your cleaning needs.
You never know when the unexpected
will happen.
Carpet Cleaning....Tile Floor
Cleaning....Wood Floor
Cleaning....Furniture & Drapery
Cleaning
l^roceáó jflasiter, 3nc.
Family owned and operated for over 30 years.
(904) 725-0440
MORRIS & MORRIS PA, CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
To Your Needs
•ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
•ESTATES AND TRUSTS
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 737-4241
106
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 109 =====
Center Youth Groups 4
CHALUTZIM • GRADES 4 AND 5
PRESIDENT
Molly Lantinberg
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS OF
SOCIAL ACTION
Rachel Levy & Gillian Shapiro
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS OF
PROGRAMMING
Shira DuBow & Reesa Zaifert
SECRETARY
Hannah Silverstein
MEMBERS-AT-LARGE
Barbie Goldstein, Lily Hernandez,
Arielle Wajsman, Ally Wolfson,
Abigail Zilberman, Sabrina Zilberman
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
K\edit
El RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
Wf/ocÁ * U*4 ' IW
pAcltíXvLi ^ f\\/¿a&A&Ix
3877 Baymeadows Road
just of San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 731-4492
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
I 1:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Florida Sound Engineering Co., inc.
5570 Florida Mining
Boulevard, Suite 608
Jacksonville, FL
32257
www.floridasound.com
(904) 396-0444
Specializing in Audio-Visual systems for:
► Conference Rooms
► Auditoriums
► Training Rooms
No Job too big or small
► Houses of Worship
► Convention Centers
► Stadiums & Arenas
DINNER HOURS
5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
www.greekrestau
j uii jui iuay
krestaurant.com
Professional Sound Si Video System Installation and Service
Philip H. Bloom
President
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904) 880-4667 • FAX (904) 880-4667
CELL (904) 993-4445
Waitz & Moye, Inc.
Professional Engineering Services
Civil • Environmental •
Transportation Traffic • Planning
3738 Southside Blvd.
Suite 101
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Telephone (904) 642-8311
Fax (904) 642-8336
Jacksonville
Bank
/ ) ) 1
Jeff Rojas
Assistant Vice President
10325 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 288-8933 • 904'288-8624fax
jrojas@jaxbank. com
www.jaxbank. com
BERMAN
BROS., INC.
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
2500 Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 353-3694
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
108
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 111 =====
Center Youth Groups
KADIMA • GRADES 6, 7, 8
PRESIDENTS
Jenna Levine & Micah Rubin
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS OF PROGRAMMING
Eli Mizrahi & Jacob Orender
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS SATO
Sarit Sandler & Rachel Walker
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS COMMUNICATIONS
Sydney Gross & Leslie Schemer
MEMBERS-AT-LARGE
Jordan Levine, Ilyssa Ward,
Zach Orender, Michael Appel,
Elan Sandler, Rachel Dranetz, Sarah Miller,
Rachel Nevers, Joel Cohen, Orly Ohayon,
Shira Ferman, Jennie Gordon
109
===== PAGE 112 =====
THE
ICE
MAN
We Deliver 50 lb. Bags
of Cubed Ice
24 Hours a Day
A
ATLANTIC
SECURITY
■westec pi
SECURITY ▲ COMMUNICATIONS A AUDIO/VIDEO
LIGHTING CONTROL A STRUCTURED WIRING A CCTV
ACCESS CONTROLACENTRAL VACACONNECTED HOME
since 1968
one mission “Quality ”
sales • service • install
1714 Cesery Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
FL: (904) 743-8444 GA: (912) 264-8679
Fax: (904) 743-8466
We also Lease Ice Machines
Fast
Deliveries
Restaurants
Lounges • Motels
Special Events
Parties
384-2013
LIC. EFOOO1226 LIC. LU405163
Fine Family Dining
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH - 733.1199 FAX 733.1269
□ pen 6 Days a Week
LUNCH: DINNER
Mon. - Fri Mon. - Sat
11:00-2:30 3:00- 11:00
110
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 113 =====
Center Youth Groups
UNITED SYNAGOGUE YOUTH • GRADES 9 12
PRESIDENT
Alex Block
CO-EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENTS
Nikki Bailys & Elana Maiman
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS SOCIAL ACTION/
TIKUN OLAM
Shira Kitay & Shaina Plotkin
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS OF RELIGIOUS EDUCATION
Avi Rubin & Aron Zimmerman
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS OF ISRAELI AFFAIRS
Sara Plotkin & Shira Rittenberg
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS OF COMMUNICATION
Blair DeCrispino & Max Rogozinski
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS MEMBERSHIP/KADIMA
Hannah Mizrahi & Trudy Morse
SECRETARY
Talia Fetner
MEMBERS-AT-LARGE
Nicole Ansbacher, Charlie DuBow,
Haley Gartner, Jonah Kitay, Harrison Phillips,
Leah Robbins, David Walker & Sarita Weltman
111
===== PAGE 114 =====
We Are At Your Service
Barry Goldstein • Linda Goldstein
Scott Goldstein • Eric Hall
SPECIALIZING IN
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
A WINNING TEAM
THAT PRODUCES RESULTS!
Experienced, Knowledgeable, and
A Proven Performance Record
Sales • Leasing • Management
Consulting • Acquisitions
Income & Investment Properties
GOLDSTEIN
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, INC.
Licensed Real Estate Broker
3753-1 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Telephone 367-0009 • Fax (904) 367-0220
OVERSTOCKED
MATTRESS SETS
Brand New (still in the original plastic)
All Sizes (Kings, Queens, Fulls & Twins)
50% - 80% off retail
Queen Sets from $150
904-365-0957
basta *7ova
Jeffrey A. Bubis, D.O., f.a.c.o.i., f.a.c.p.
Hematology¡Oncology
Florida Oncology Associates
A Division of
TniMifnnTMinT integrated
m m"m **■ COMMUNITY
ioavr”
NETWORK
2161 Kingsley Ave, Suite 200
Orange Park, FL 32073
Phone: (904) 272-3139
Fax: (904) 272-6521
14546 Old St. Augustine Rd.
Bldg. A, Suite 317
Jacksonville, FL 32258
Phone: (904) 260-9445
Fax: (904) 260-0005
Patten School Bus Service, Inc.
Field Trips, Business/Social Functions
Birthday Parties All Ages, Family
Reunions, Weddings, No Job Too Small
Richard & Judith Patten
Office: 904-246-3085
Cell: 904-631-3433
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, FI 32233
Fax: 904-247-6778
E-mail: pattenbus@yahoo.com
COS Management, Inc.
strength in numbers
Caroline Marks, CPA
6118 Cherry Lake Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32258
Phone: 904-537-7100
Fax: 904-212-1371
cmarks@cosmanagement.com
www.cosmanagement.com
LAW OFFICES
TERRELL HOGAN ELLIS YEGELWEL, P.A.
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
ÍÍÍFILirS
MANDARIN
• 11524 San Jose Blvd.
Mon-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
262-1965
ilCt
Hardwares
& Nurseries
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202
“N.E. Florida’s
Largest Garden
Centers”
(904) 632-2424
JACKSONVILLE
• 5645 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
771-6330
112
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 115 =====
W Mmmmmrn *mm* mmm* /■ Apmí W "MV* |F «W* iPWtf >wr mmmmrn jf**
JL \jr U JL H -XiLC> í I f'JT JL IEr S
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that more than 45 of our youngsters participated in United
Synagogue summer programs. Scholarships to attend these programs are made possible through the generosity
of the Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles
Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family
Scholarship, Center Men’s Club’s Horty
T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund,
Center Israel Scholarship Fund, Center
Sisterhood, Center Youth Department,
Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program, Myra
Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah Fund,
Sylvia H. Shortstein Scholarship Fund
and many anonymous contributors.
I
| [
USY-ON-WHEELS
Maci Morse
RAMAH DAROM
Julia Allerding
Michael Appel
Gabrielle E. Cohen
Gabrielle H. Cohen
Joel Cohen
Hannah Gendzier
Jeffrey Goldring
Jennifer Gordon
Joshua Gordon
Justin Heger
Ryan Heger
Aaron Kitay
Jonah Kitay
Shira Kitay
Avichai Lubliner
Benjamin Miller
Sarah Miller
Max Mizrahi
Ryan Mizrahi
Rachel Nevers
Rachel Olive
Jared Plotkin
Joey Plotkin
Shaina Plotkin
Avi Rubin
Micah Rubin
Elan Sandler
Brooke Sapolsky
Marni Sapolsky
Alexander Wajsman
David Walker
Rachel Walker
Alex Wolfson
Ally Wolfson
Jared Wolfson
Sam Yarish
NATIV
Amy Shuman
USY POLAND/ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE
Rebecca Appel Sara Plotkin
Sam Bernard Shira Rittenberg
Alex Block Danielle Rogozinski
Emily Levine Alex Silverberg
113
===== PAGE 116 =====
Al Freidlin
REALTOR®
H
MLS
REID
4685 Sunbeam Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office:904-737-2290
Cell: 904-635-6005
Fax: 903.731-4517
Home: 904-731-5315
Watson Realtycorp. REALTORS* E-mail: alfreidlin@WatsonRealtyCorp.com
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
(904) 398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
AAC001226
FLEET & ASSOCIATES
ARCHITECTS/PLANNERS, INC.
4041 Sunbeam Rd. Jacksonville FI. 32257
(904) 730-8103 FAX 730-8105
ARCHITECTURAL PROGRAMMING SITE ANALYSIS
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGN SITE PLANNING
FEASIBILITY STUDIES REZONING/PUDS
SITE DEVELOPMENT EXCEPTIONS/VARIANCES
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility
3599 University Boulevard S. Suite #804
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
346-3333
ROBERT S. FLEET, AIA
JANIS K. FLEET, AICP
Programs for the
Jewish Community
• Bereavement
Support Group
• Counseling for
Families and Individuals
JFCS
S
JEWISH
FAMILY&
COMMUNITY
SERVICES
www.jfcsjax.org
448-1933
IS HERE FOR YOU
This past year we consolidated programs and services
within our new Department of Jewish Services at JFCS.
Now we can better respond to the affiliated and non
affiliated Jewish community as well as increase access to
our synagogues and partner agencies. We are here for you.
Jewish Family & Community Services
6261 Dupont Station Court, East • Jacksonville
Winn-Dixie
Emergency Food Pantry
Financial Assistance
Geriatric Care
Management
Information and Referral
Interest-free college loans
Jewish Healing Network
Jewish Hospice
Kosher Kart
Medical Advocate Program
Senior Transportation
To contact the
Department of Jewish
Services at JFCS call
224-2048
114
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 117 =====
Youth Activities
CAMP KI TOY
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Erica Jolles
Camp Ki Toy Director
Summer 2010 at Camp Ki Tov was another HUGE success!! Almost
half the staff from the prior year returned to camp anxious to see the growth
of the children from last summer and eager to meet new campers. The
children arrived the first day excited and ready to show their spirit with the
hopes of receiving the coveted spirit stick. During our first week, Mission
Impossible, campers learned a few self-defense karate moves and proved just
about anything is possible as they got to know their counselors and bonded with the other campers.
Once again, each week’s activities revolved around themes such as Fun and Fitness, Future You and
Camp Ki Tov’s Got Talent. Our visitors provided campers with fun and educational entertainment. We
watched Sarah Russell, preschool VPK teacher, and her dog in competitive Frisbee catching; Michelle
Jacobs from First Coast News shared with us what it is like to be a newscaster on television; and we were
extremely lucky to have a visit from DIDGERIDOO DOWN UNDER - a one-of-a-kind, Australia-themed
presentation, combining music, education, motivation, entertainment and character building. Over the
course of the summer we adventured out to the Jacksonville Main Library to see a short play and had lunch
at the Florida Theatre; went to UNF to see Garry Krinsky present Toying with Science; and had our own
private movie screening during and at the San Marco Theatre.
Throughout the summer we were incredibly fortunate to have both Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Cohen
lead interesting Judaic-related activities and Hazzan Holzer spend Shabbat with all age campers. Building
on last summer’s program, Rabbi Dov Kentof spent time with the children teaching them lessons from his
series “When a Jew seeks Wisdom. ” We were also visited again by counselors from Israel who spent three
days engaged with our campers. Cooking became a weekly scheduled event with some wonderful “mommy”
chef volunteers who enjoyed a day at camp while helping campers make yummy kosher treats.
Our objective this summer was to build on the momentum from the previous year and we think most would agree we more
than achieved this goal. While we may have set this goal, it was the involvement and support from many who made it attainable.
Simply stated it is because of the cohesive efforts of the JJC clergy and administration; the loving parents; and the tremendous staff
of young men and women that Summer 2010 at Camp Ki Tov was another awesome success!!
Have a wonderful, happy and healthy year and we look forward to creating more memories with your children during summer
2011 at Camp KiTov!!
U Shana Tova,
Erica Jolles and Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Early Childhood Director
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
L’Dor V’Dor Society
Investing in tomorrow’s Jewish Leaders
From generation to generation, Jewish education has been a cornerstone of the
Jacksonville Jewish community. The L’Dor V’Dor Society is an annual campaign that
allows YOU to continue investing in tomorrow’s Jewish leaders.
More info:
904.292.1000
www.jaxjewishcenter.com/supportthejjc/ldorvdorsociety
L’dor Vdor Society
At the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s
Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Jacksonville Jewish Federation 448-5000
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation 394-0720
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Hebrew Home/
Wolfson Health & Aging Center 260-1818
Beth Shalom Congregation 268-0404
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubovitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim 262-3565
116
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 119 =====
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you want. The main number
for the JJC switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits are busy, a recorded message will offer step-by-step
instructions to the extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department or person, simply dial: 268-4200
and follow the recorded instructions. If your party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity to
leave a voice message or return to the switchboard.
Here is a list of helpful extenstions: Dial 268-4200, then...
110 Maura Silverstein, Membership
and Administrative Coordinator
111 Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Editor
113 Lori Schoettler, Director of Finance
and Operations
115 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
115 Cassie Vichozsky,
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
116 Jessie Roman,
Galinsky Program’s Secretary
117 Leslie Manucy, Bookkeeping Dept.
120 Day School Computer Lab
127 Library - Louise Leonard, Librarian
133 Christina Levine,
Director of Membership and
Development
134 Rabbi Rafi Cohen
136 Stephanie Teitelbaum,
Preschool Admissions Director
144 Shereen Canady,
Early Childhood Director
145 Religious School & Youth Dept.
146 Lois Tompkins,
Religious School Director
147 Talie Zaifert, Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School Director of Admissions
and Marketing
148 Jon Mitzmacher, Head of School
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
148 Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring,
Executive Assistant
149 Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
150 Brent Ganey, Facilities Supervisor
151 Kim Winters, Bookkeeping Dept.
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Hazzan Jesse Holzer
160 Erica Jolles, Camp Ki Tov Director
117
===== PAGE 120 =====
Aua|||.
Automotive Group
■
HYUNDAI
of Orange Park
7600 Blanding Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32244
(904) 899-0900
VOLKSWAGEN
of Orange Park
7220 Blanding Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32244
(904) 269-2603
Visit one of our four dealerships for outstanding service
and pricing on hundreds of new and used vehicles.
HananiaAutos.com
ACURA
7200 Blanding Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32244
(904) 777-5600
SUPPORTS OUR FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS
AT THE JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
7230 Blanding Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32244
(904) 565-4000
Audi
Jacksonville
VISIT US AT
facebook.com/
HananiaAutomotive
to learn about our
Facebook Fan
FREE CAR
Giveaway!
118
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 121 =====
Supporters of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 Fax: (904) 268-5292
This directory is for informational purposes.
It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of August 1,2010
A
119
===== PAGE 122 =====
Stay in one of our spacious two-room
suites, each with a private living
room and separate bedroom. Kick off
your shoes and relax, because this is
your home away from home.
Enjoy a COMPLIMENTARY, full
cooked-to-order breakfast and
COMPLIMENTARY Manager’s
reception in our breathtaking atrium.
Come see why
Embassy Suites Hotel is
Jacksonville’s premier hotel!
Call for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Weddings,
Rehearsal Dinners, Birthdays,
Anniversaries, Corporate Events,
or just count on us to handle your
special night out!
Experience an exceptional dining
adventure in our
“Omaha Steakhouse.”
Take advantage of our indoor pool,
whirlpool and fitness center.
For a minimal fee, shuttle service
is available to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
EMBASSY SUITES
HOTEL®
9300 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone: (904) 731-3555
Fax: (904) 448-6933
www.embassysuitesjax.com
120
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 123 =====
B
121
===== PAGE 124 =====
Bloch Publishing
Since 1854 "lili
5875 Mining Terrace
Suite 104 1
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: 866-532-3977
Fax: 904-880-7307
E-mail: Blochpublishinq@bellsout
Shop-On-Line at: http://Blochpub.co
Judaic Publishers and Booksellers
122
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 125 =====

===== PAGE 126 =====
c
124
===== PAGE 127 =====
D
125
===== PAGE 128 =====
My chance to treat all my guests like family.
My Homewood.
While you’re planning for that special day, do something memorable for those
who’ll be joining you. Have them stay in a relaxing suite with a fully-equipped
kitchen and enjoy a complimentary hot full breakfast daily at the Homewood
Suites by Hilton® St. John’s Town Center. Visit homewoodsuites.com or call
1 -800-CALL-HOME®. MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME.®
PrHHONORS
HILTON WORLDWIDE
©2010 Hilton Worldwide
Jacksonville South
St. Johns Town Center
10434 Midtown Parkway
Jacksonville, FL 32246
(904)641 - 7988
www.jacksonvillesouth.
homewoodsuites.com
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
Hilton
®
126
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 129 =====
F
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
SINCE
1905
CLAUDE NOLAN CADILLAC
BEGIN A LASTING RELATIONSHIP
2010 SRX
2010 CTS
2010 ESCALADE
LUXURY NOW AVAILABLE IN ALL SHAPES AND SIZES.
4700 SOUTHSIDE BOULEVARD AT GATE PARKWAY I 904.642.5111 I www.claudenolan.com
128
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 131 =====

===== PAGE 132 =====
G
130
===== PAGE 133 =====

===== PAGE 134 =====
Our expert panel of psychologists and
Ph.D. organizational consultants put
the genius in Assessment Technologies
Group (ATG). Utilizing decades of
industry experience, our team combines
scientific practices with state-of-the-art
technology to produce concise, easy-
to-understand reporting.
Assessment Technologies Group is a
full service industrial/organizational
consultancy that provides insightful
analysis that powers better human
resource decisions. Whether you're
evaluating a job candidate or focusing
on improving employee performance,
ATG can help. The illustration at right
depicts our four areas of ingenuity
and how our services work
harmoniously to help you build your
own genius team. A phone call or
email is all you need to get started.
ATGenius
>
r.
Assessment
^ Technologies
Group
4887 Belfort Road, Suite 105 j Jacksonville, FL 32256 | 904.332.7227 or 800.737.5622 assessment-tech.com
132
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 135 =====
H
133
===== PAGE 136 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, .no.
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 388-2696
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CFC09184
GAINESVILLE, LLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS
TELEPHONE: (501) 220-6977
DAYTONA, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (386) 546-6039
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
134
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 137 =====
I
J
135
===== PAGE 138 =====
K
136
===== PAGE 139 =====
L
137
===== PAGE 140 =====
Buy & Service Rolex
buy gold at market price
.Watch repair, jewelry repair
• Custom designers, appraisers
EWELERS
,“Family Jewelers Since 1972”
PONTEVEDRA
355 Marsh Landing Pkwy
MANDARIN
9825 San Jose Blvd.
FRUIT COVE
450 State Road 13N.
AVENUES MALL
(Near JC Penney’s)
(904) 280-7700
(904) 268-7975
(904) 287-0035
(904) 683-2274
www.esplingjewelers.com
90 DAYS SAME AS CASH
DVÑñCSD
mpouu
MTMC
MIZRAHI
AND GARRIS
INSURANCE AGENCY
Home • Auto • Life
Excess Liability
We are dedicated to the complete personal service
of your insurance needs
We look forward to your call
904.262.9202
www.lnsuranceMG.com
Residential
Automotive
Commercial
Marine
•wAOFF
:,r®s,
201-
• 3M Authorized Prestige Dealer
• 3M safety and security window films
• 3M sun control window films
• Fade control • Glare reduction
• Save up to 30% on cooling cost
• Installation comes with a limited lifetime warranty from 3M
www.awtjax.com • Advancedtint@gmail.com
9506 Hood Road, Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904-262-9919 • 904-260-4076 Fax
138
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 141 =====

===== PAGE 142 =====
M
140
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
NORTH FLORIDA SURGEONS
BAPTIST DOWNTOWN DIVISION
Drs. Bowers, Crump, Felger, Hodgett,
LeRNER, MoRGENTHAL & POLLEY
CRAIG MORGENTHAL, MD, FACS
GENERAL & LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
BARIATRIC SURGERY
Baptist Medical Pavilion
836 Prudential Dr. #1107
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Phone (904) 398-0033
Fax (904) 398-6774
www.nflsurgeons.com
tfd'cé' HfínioaAine, ¿ftwx
(904) 737-1344
1 Lexus GS - Hummer
' Infmiti FX45 - QX56
Excursion - Magnum
Land Yacht — 300
07 Escalade with Spa
Susie got it Goiw' on.« , 4 ,
Susmumoxom
$4 buX • 3 minute.
v
a A.r
• Check Out Our
EXPRESS
Detail Center
• Gift Cards
Always Available
Call 268-8612 or visit
www.carbuxcarwash.com
Mandarin Location
11150 San Jose Blvd.
1/2 mile South of I-295
Northside Location
1555 Dunn Ave.
1 mile West of I-95
BANKERS
LIFE AND CASUALTY COMPANY
We specialize in seniors
• Has Medicare got you confused or frustrated?
• Are you concerned with the rising costs of healthcare?
• Do you worry about Long-Term Care costs should the need arise?
• What about Life Insurance - Do you know why you need it? Do you
have enough?
• Are you unprotected from life’s unforeseen times of trouble, cancer,
disability, unexpected hospitalizations, etc?
If the answer to any of these questions is YES, we can HELP!
Andrew Morris
Florida Licensed Agent
Andrew.Morris@bankers.com
Phone: 904-607-8250
Adam Rutstein, CLTC
Florida Licensed Agent / Certified Long Term Care
Adam.Rutstein@bankers.com
Phone: 904-708-3460
17257-BSO
Neither Bankers nor its insurance agents are connected with or endorsed by the Federal Medicare Program.
142
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====
N
143
===== PAGE 146 =====
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., RA.
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ear, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 262-7“ENT”("7368)
www.ent4kids.net
Eliot J. Safer
Attorney at Law
PUSS KENNEY
SAFER HAMPTON & JOOS, PA
4348 South point Boulevard
Suite 101
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone: 904.543.4300
Facsimile: 904.543.4301
Email: esafer@jaxfirm.com
144
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====
o
p
145
===== PAGE 148 =====
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
PRESIDENT
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
The Ultimate Team Superstore
AVENUES MALL
519-0099
ORANGE PARK MALL
269-0639
VISIT WWW.FOOTBALLFANATICS.COM
TTST’WQSYCTS TOR <k
tfATTY & TÍTRLTthÍY (h/TW YTRR
146
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====
R
147
===== PAGE 150 =====

===== PAGE 151 =====
s
149
===== PAGE 152 =====
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
"Thanks for your Patronage"
9670 San Jose Blvd.
(formerly Antares Jewelry)
268-5949
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your
glass needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
17 North Florida - South Georgia
Locations to Better Serve You.
354-4643
Funtastik
X»/
\ Balloons
Creative Bai/oon Décor
Weddings & Aniversaries
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Corporate & Social Events
Proms & School Dances
Family & Class Reunions
425-7300
www.funtastikballoons.com
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Thursday 9:00am - 6:00 pm
Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm
EXPERT JEWELRY
AND WATCH REPAIR
6059 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Tel: 904.731.4646
Fax: 904.731.4625
JGraff@LaTiendaJewelrv.com
WE BUY GOLD
Whether you’re looking for an insurance appraisal, jewelry repair, watch
repair, 14K and 18K gold chains, charms, rings and bracelets. Diamonds of
all sizes, precious and semi-precious stones. Seiko watches, silver jewelry
and the largest inventory of gold Judaic jewelry in Jacksonville.
La Tienda Jewelry is your complete source for all your jewelry needs, with
over 31 years of experience!
150
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====

===== PAGE 154 =====
Vito
ID
Italian Restaurant
The One and Only
The Original Family
owned and operated
authentic homemade
Italian Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
Serving Jacksonville for
26years at the same location
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
www.vitosjax.com
vitosjax@comcast.net
DLC
Dermatology
& LASER
CENTER
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGISTS
N Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA, Medical Director
Mark A Cohen, MD, MOHS Surgeon
Bruce Paley, DO • William Garvin, MD (ret)
Angela Y Armstrong, ARNP
Diseases, Laser and Surgery of the Hair, Skin and Nails
“Specializing in the Comprehensive Treatment for
Sun Damaged and Aging Skin”
Tumescent Liposuction • MOHS Surgery
The Quicklift MD- mini face, neck & brow lifts
Intense Pulse Light Laser for Sun Damaged Skin
Chemical Peels • Laser Resurfacing
Laser Hair Reduction and Laser Removal of Vascular &
Pigmented Lesions & Wrinkles
Botoxtm • Juvedermtm* Sculptratm« Restylanetm
‘Designated a Platinum Botox Injector since 2004
“Expertise, Experience and the Latest Technology
FOR ALL YOUR SKIN CARE PROBLEMS”
2055 Professional Center Drive
Orange Park, FL 32073
(904) 276-4500
www.dermatologyandlasercenter.net
It's Easy As 1-2-3
TO BO PEST FREL
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
Termites
* Subterranean
• Formosan
» Drywood
* Pre-Construction Wood
& Soil Treatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
Pests
• Ants | Roaches | Fleas
► Carpenter Ant Specialists
► Annually, Quarterly, Monthly
Fire Ants
• Guaranteed Annual
Fire Ant Program
for Lawns
BRANDON
Pest Control
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Palm Coast 447.0013
TERMIDOr
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
2941 Dawn Rd. | Jacksonville FL 32207
WWW. PESTFREE .com
152
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====

===== PAGE 156 =====

===== PAGE 157 =====
T
155
===== PAGE 158 =====
GUSTO W ntSIGMtp
tery.com
invitations by -
p&tArnfr™'
award winning designer/illustrator
UNIQUELY DESIGNED JUST FOR YOUR
■Bar/Bat Mitzvah BWedding
■Anniversary ^Engagement
■Birth Announcement
and Other Special Occasions
WANT TO KNOW MORE? CALL
RAYMOND COHEN 904-737-8645
email: raycohen@bellsouth.net
NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
E.H.Thompson Company
“Food Service Equipment and Supplies Since 1912” a„iNNOVATiVE
North Florida’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer FOODS E RV|CE
Heavy Duty
Cooking Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Products
Furniture
Custom Fabrication
Fax:
(904) 354-4448
• China, Glass & Silver
• Kitchen Supplies
• Bar Equipment
• Chemicals
• Refrigerators
• Bakery Equipment
TOLL FREE:
1-800-780-1555
358-1555
4655 Lenox Avenue
156
===== PAGE 159 =====
V
w
157
===== PAGE 160 =====
hree transp0rtat/
from the syna ' ’ <-o ^
hotel nZaE°9ue
1-295 & San Jose Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32257
904.268.8080 | www.jaxramada.com
With Compliments From
FAMILY ALLERGY &
ASTHMA CONSULTANTS
Drs. Sudhir Prabhu, Sunil Joshi, Mike Mass and Hary Katz
Certified, American Board of Allergy & Immunology
Serving Infants, Children and Adults
4123 University Blvd. S., Suite B, Jacksonville, FL 32216
12276 San Jose Blvd., Suite 609, Jacksonville, FL 32223
1375 Roberts Dr., Suite 203, Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-636-9100
www.jaxallergists.com
Authentic Deli
KELLER
WILLIAMS
REALTY
The Paige Wajsman Team
Realtor®
Cell: 904-476-4120
Office: 904-288-7990
Email: PaigeWajsman@kw.com
Website: www.PaigeWajsman.com
Thank. ujo\i for your Support.
Wkhm^ tjou a
ttoalfhy and ftappij
How Yoarl
9850 SAN JOSE BLVD; JACKSONVILLE, FL 32257
TEL 904-683-8346 FAX 904-683-8349
BREAKFAST, LUNCH, BRUNCH & NOSH
FULL SERVICE DELI COUNTER
REAL NEW YORK WATER BAGELS
FRESH BAKED BREADS & TREATS
CATERING AND PLATTERS AVAILABLE
FREE WIRELESS INTERNET
CHILDRENS PLAY AREA & GAMES
The Ramada Conference Center
and the Pozin Family invite you to
come and be our guest at a family
owned and operated local hotel
with newly renovated rooms. We
send our best wishes for a happy
and healthy new year.
RENTALS, LLC
TENTS TABLES CHAIRS LINEN
CATERING EQUIPMENT & MORE
■ V
SALE$@KIRBYTENTJAXXOM
WWW.KIRBYTENTXOM
PHONE 904-739-1319
FAX 904-731-9127
8051 BAYBERRY ROAD
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
158
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====
Y
Z
160
===== PAGE 163 =====
C PMCH'A*P£NNY A
l pooiiwio-sm 1
The Perfect People For A Perfect Pool
YOUR FOOL & PATIO SUPERSTORE !
11200 San Jose Blvd.
268-9561
Serving Mandarin
for 25 years!
No* offering *eeVJy pool service /
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
161
===== PAGE 164 =====
A REAL NEW IJORK, STIJLE DELICATESSEN
1000 Palm Coast
Parkway SW
Palm Coast, FL
(exit 289 off 1-95)
(386) 446-0074
^Definitely worth
the drive*
Call for directions
Join us for
breakfast & lunch
OPEN EVERYDAY
Carry out 7 am - 4 pm
Dining in 7 am-3 pm
A¡[ baking done on
premises
Rugalach, Rye Bread,
Sweet Linzer tarts,
Black & white cookies,
Cheesecake,
Macaroons, and so
much more!
4Es*
«i*S¡r
*Old fashioned kettle boiled bagels & bialys*
Baked in a hearth stone oven
Homemade Corned Beef - Pastrami - Brisket - Tongue-
Turkey - Soups - Salads - Knishes
Grandma’s Chopped Liver, Hand Sliced Smoked Fish
Homemade Matzo Ball Soup, Mushroom Barley Soup, Stuffed
Derma, Kasha Varnishkes, Stuffed Cabbage, Noodle Kugel and more
SPACIOUS 100 SEAT DINING ROOM
CATERING WITH AN ARTIST’S TOUCH! WE DELIVER!
Every creation reflects our attention to detail and presentation
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
D£i.l *P#?£SS
WE DELIVER YOUR FAVORITE FOODS
TO YOUR AREA - CALL FOR DETAILS
(386) 446-0074
www.best-bagelsanddeli.com
162
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 165 =====
September 2010
Elul 5770 - Tishrei 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
22 September 1
23 2
24 3
25 4
55 5
27 6
28 7
29 8
Tishrei 1,5771 9
2 10
3 11
Labor Day
Bldg Closed
Erev Rosh Hashana
Rosh Hashana
Rosh Hashana
4 12
Memorial Service
5 13
6 14
7 15
8 16
9 17
10 18
Erev Yom Kippur
Kol Nidre
Yom Kippur
Tl T5
12 20
13 21
14 22
15 23
16 24
17 25
Erev Sukkot
Sukkot
Sukkot
Sukkot (CH”M)
18 26
Sukkot (CH”M)
19 27
20 28
21 29
22 30
Sukkot (CH”M)
Sukkot (CH”M)
Hoshanah Rabbah
Shimini Atzeret
Simchat Torah
October 2010
Tishrei 5771 - Cheshvan 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
23 October 1
24 2
25 3
26 4
27 5
28 6
29 7
30 8
Cheshvan 1,5771 9
Friedman BMitzvah
Friedman BMitzvah
2 TO
3 11
4 12
5 13
6 14
7 15
8 16
Columbus Day
Appel BMitzvah
Appel BMitzvah
9 17
10 18
11 19
12 20
13 21
14 22
15 23
Miller BMitzvah
Miller BMitzvah
16 24
17 25
18 26
19 27
20 28
21 29
22 30
CO
CO
CM
163
===== PAGE 166 =====
November 2010
Cheshvan 5771 - Kislev 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
24 November 1
25 2
26 3
27 4
28 5
29 6
Cohen (Martin) BMitzvah
Cohen (Martin) BMitzvah
30 7
Chai Run
Yarish Weddina
Kislev 1,5771 8
2 9
3 10
4 11
5 12
6 13
Veteran’s Day
Clevette BMitzvah
Clevette BMitzvah
7 14
8 15
9 16
10 17
11 18
12 19
13 20
Kadima Convention-JJC
Kadima Convention-JJC
T3 5T
Kadima Convention-JJC
15 22
16 23
17 24
18 25
19 26
20 27
Thanksgiving
21 28
22 29
23 30
December 2010
Kislev 5771 - Tevet 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
24 December 1
25 2
26 3
27 4
Chanukah -1 Candle
Chanukah - 2 Candles
Chanukah - 3 Candles
Pollen Bar Mitzvah
Chanukah - 4 Candles
Pollen Bar Mitzvah
75 5
Chanukah - 5 Candles
29 6
30 7
Tevet 1,5771 8
2 9
3 10
4 11
Chanukah - 6 Candles
Chanukah - 7 Candles
Chanukah - 8 Candles
Chanukah Celebration
Chanukah - 8th Day
Z’havah Sisterhood
Event
5 12
6 13
7 14
8 15
9 16
10 17
11 18
Boy Scout Shabbat
T2 T5
13 20
14 21
15 22
16 23
17 24
18 25
19 26
20 27
21 28
22 29
23 30
24 31
New Year’s Eve
164
===== PAGE 167 =====
January 2011
Tevet 5771 - Shvat 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
25 January 1
New Year’s Day
26 2
27 3
28 4
29 5
Shvat 1,5771 6
2 7
3 8
4 9
5 10
6 11
7 12
8 13
9 14
10 15
Mizrahi BMitzvah
Mizrahi BMitzvah
Ti T5
12 17
13 18
14 19
15 20
16 21
17 22
Bldg Closed
Martin Luther King Day
Tu B’shevat
Sapolsky BMitzvah
Sapolsky BMitzvah
18 23
19 24
20 25
21 26
22 27
23 28
24 29
Cohen BMitzvah
Cohen BMitzvah
25 30
26 31
February 2011
Shvat 5771 - Adar I 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
27 February 1
28 2
29 3
30 4
Adar I 1,5771 5
Consecration
2 6
3 7
4 8
5 9
6 10
7 11
8 12
Safer Shabbaton
Weekend
Safer Shabbaton
Weekend
9 13
Safer Shabbaton
Weekend
10 14
11 15
12 16
13 17
14 18
15 19
16 2Ü
17 21
18 22
19 23
20 24
21 25
22 26
Presidents’ Day
23 27
Family University
(24 28
165
===== PAGE 168 =====
March 2011
Adar I 5771 - Adar II 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
25 March 1
26 2
27 3
28 4
29 5
3D S
Adar II 1,5771 7
2 8
3 9
4 10
5 11
6 12
7 13
8 14
9 15
10 16
11 17
12 18
13 19
Taanit Esther
2Ü
Purim
Purim Carnival
15 21
16 22
17 23
18 24
19 25
20 26
Shushan Purim
21 27
22 28
23 29
24 30
25 31
April 2011
Adar II 5771 - Nisan 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
26 April 1
27 2
28 3
29 4
Nisan 1,5771 5
2 6
3 7
4 8
5 9
6 TÜ
7 11
8 12
9 13
10 14
11 15
12 16
T3 17
14 18
15 19
16 20
17 21
18 22
19 23
Erev Pesach
Congregational Seder
Pesach 1
Pesach 2
Pesach 3 (CH”M)
Pesach 4 (CH”M)
Pesach 5 (CH”M)
20 24
Pesach 6 (CH”M)
21 25
22 26
23 27
24 28
25 29
26 30
Pesach 7
Pesach 8
166
===== PAGE 169 =====
May 2011
Nisan 5771 - lyyar 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
¿7 Mav 1
Yom HaShoah
28 2 29 3 30 4 lyyar 1,5771 5 2 6 3 7
3 B
Yom HaZikaron
Mother’s Day
5 9 6 10 7 11 8 12 9 13 10 14
Yom HaAtzma’ut
TT T5
12 16 13 17 14 18 15 19 16 20 17 21
18 22
Lag B’Omer
19 23 20 24 21 25 22 26 23 27 24 28
25 29
26 30 27 31
Memorial Day
June 2011
lyyar 5771 - Sivan 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
28 June 1
29 2
Sivan 1,5771 3
2 4
Yom Yerushalayim
3 5
4 6
5 7
6 8
7 9
8 10
9 11
Bikkurim Festival
Erev Shavuot
Shavuot
Shavuot
To T2
11 13
12 14
13 15
14 16
15 17
16 18
Annual Meeting
17 T5
Father’s Day
18 20
19 21
20 22
21 23
22 24
23 25
24 26
25 27
26 28
27 29
28 30
167
===== PAGE 170 =====
July 2011
Sivan 5771 - Tamuz 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
29 July 1
30 2
Tamuz 1,5771 3
2 4
3 5
4 6
5 7
6 8
7 9
Independence Day
8 10
9 11
10 12
11 13
12 14
13 15
14 16
15 17
16 18
17 19
18 20
19 21
20 22
21 23
Fast of 17th Tamuz
22 24
23 25
24 26
25 27
26 28
27 29
28 30
29 31
August 2011
Av 5771 - Elul 5771
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
Av 1,5771 August 1
2 2
3 3
4 4
5 5
6 6
7 7
8 8
9 9
10 10
11 11
12 12
Tisha B’av
13 13
14 14
15 15
16 16
17 17
18 18
19 19
Levin BMitzvah
20 20
Levin BMitzvah
21 21
22 22
23 23
24 24
25 25
26 26
Ward BMitzvah
27 27
Ward BMitzvah
28 28
29 29
30 30
Elul 1,5771 31
168
===== PAGE 171 =====
Best Wishes
to Everyone for
Happyy Healthy; Sweet
New Year
VShana Tova
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Nina & Sophie
===== PAGE 172 =====
c
a
Best Wishes
for a Healthy
& Happy New Year
The Selevan Family
Jack
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
170
===== PAGE 173 =====
L’Shana Tova
In Your Heart...Love
In Your Home...Happiness
In The World...Peace
: Sm
. • *
mm 1
'Á
jmm
m
^r4
- -rr'
I
I
The Zimmermans
Elli & Charles
Kim & Charlie
Chase, Morrie
Bennett & Wendell
===== PAGE 174 =====
¥ L’Shana Tova 4
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Joshua & Samantha
Good Health, Happiness & Peace
to You and Yours
Throughout the Year
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
172
===== PAGE 175 =====
May the Coming Year
Bring to you all the Blessings
of Health, Peace & Joy
The Shorstein Family
L’Shana Tova
Wishing you a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Harriet & Ernie Brodsky
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Ansley & Ashton Brodsky
Best Wishes
for a Healthy & Happy
New Year
Merle & Ron Cherry
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin, Amy & Dylan
Marc, Jenny, Lthan
& Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrnmJ
===== PAGE 176 =====
c
L’Shana Tova
P
Sincere Wishes
for a Healthy
Happy New Year
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Maxine & Jerry Funk
Amy, Chris
Jordan &
Abbie Petersen
Nathan, Diane
Elizabeth, Emily
& Laura Goldman
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Gail, Paul
& Liza Furman
Renee & Alan Gordon
Ronnie & Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natalie
and
Sylvia Gottlieb
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Ellie Claire
■
Dana, Jack & Georgia
174
===== PAGE 177 =====
L’Shana Tova
May the Coming Year
Bring You Joy
& Happiness
Good Health & Peace
Bruce, Edith, Sam
Max & Mindel Horovitz
Ü
L’Shana Tova
Drs. Jeffrey & llene
Levenson
Annie, Brian & Eric
L’Shana Tova
We wish all our friends
& relatives a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
rascan am
‘This Day May You Strengthen Us”
—High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
A Year of Peace &
Blessing to all the Members
of the Center Family
Shana Tova
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan
Avichai, Elior
& Itamar Lubliner
175
===== PAGE 178 =====
f¡
L’Shana Tova
Our Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
& Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
Wishing Everyone a
Very Happy & Healthy
New Year
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
& Ethan Plotkin
A very Happy &
Healthy New Year to
Rabbi Lubliner & family.
Rabbi Cohen & family and
Hazzan Holzer & family and
to the entire congregation
Hope to see all of you
on Shabbat.
Barbara Parker
Jeffrey & Debbie Parker & Family
Dr. Larry & Stacie Wilf & Family
■Dron rDH3 TO1?
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew & Dede
Morry & Rachel
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi, Sara & Louis
176
===== PAGE 179 =====
[» L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
Happy & Healthy
New Year
New Year
Ellen, Barry
& Dena Setzer
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
Josh & Carly
Í
Best Wishes
for a Healthy &
Happy New Year
For the New Year
& Always...
Health, Happiness
& Peace
to You & Yours
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Michael & Lauren Setzer
Benjamin, Melanie, George
& Zachary Setzer
Faye & Ari Schuchman
|
The Weitzen Family
Jerry & Dianne
Michael, Mangala
Maya & Joseph
Leah, Tim & Skye Seymour
Mandy & Jeremy Harris
177
===== PAGE 180 =====
I> L’Shana Tova Tfl
May your New Year be
as sweet as the apples
& honey we eat
at this time of the year
VShana Tova
Greg & Barbara Arnold
VShana Tova
The Werwa Family
Todd, Lara
Griffith & Alana
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Wishing Everyone
a Happy & Healthy New Year
The Berger Family
Brad & Ruthie
Eric, Tori & Hailey
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
L
npinDi roía rut?1?
May Your Year be Filled with
Peace, Health & Happiness
Rabbi Rafi, Michele
& Benjamin Cohen
178
===== PAGE 181 =====
Happy New Year
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
& Jodi Schneider
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth
Emily & Laura Goldman
Happy New Year from Our
Family to Yours!
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline
& Amelia Ernas
Happy New Year
Wishing you Peace, Health
& Prosperity in the
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Jodi Schneider
Year to Come
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a Year
Filled with Health,
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley, Izabella & Max
Brian, Amy, Charlotte & Parker
Happiness & Peace
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Cara
Emily & Erik
May You All Have a Year of
Health, Happiness & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny, Ethan, Samuel
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina & Richard Buckman
Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
A Happy, Healthy
& Peaceful New Year
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
===== PAGE 182 =====
I
VShana Tova
is
Warmest Wishes for a Year
filled with Health,
Happiness & Peace
The Levine Family
Christina, Mark
Ellis & Ethan
Wishing You a Sweet
& Healthy New Year
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
& Gabrielle Margol
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
The Levines
Bill, Stevie & Samanatha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Elaine Aston Mendelson
VShana Tova
Jan, Bruce
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
A Happyy Healthy &
Prosperous New Year
The Mosias Family
Steve, Irene, Stefanie
Daniel & Mark
May we be Blessed with a
Year of Health, Joy & Peace!
Sylvia Lubliner
and Family
Wishing you the
Sweetness of a New Year
VShana Tova
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
180
===== PAGE 183 =====
I
L’Shana Tova «
li
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay
Whitney & Jillian Rosenberg
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
Wishing you, your Family
& Friends a Wonderful,
Warm & Fulfilling New Year
L’Shana Tova
The Schoettlers
Jim, Lori, Kyle, Katie & Josh
Wishing You a Year
Filled with Many Blessings
Evan, Arlene
Esther & Tania Yegelwel
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Mary & Leonard Selber
and Family
Wishing Everyone a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Nancy & Seeman
Zimmerman
Cara, Justin & Riley
Our Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Judy & Steve Silverman
4
Happy New Year
Anita, Jeffrey
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy Eli
& Gabriella Eden Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas, Stella Rachel
& Daisy Fay Muzin
181
===== PAGE 184 =====
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Our
Friends, Family & Chavurah
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
Ben & Pat Frisch & Family
Wishing You a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Carla, Josh
Geri & Sam Bernard
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
Best Wishes for the New Year
Wishing you a Year of
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
Health & Happiness
Michael, Ava, Leia & Julia Fixel
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace,
Health & Happiness
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Carole Goldberg & Family
Best Wishes to All Our Friends
With Wishes for a Healthy & Good New
Year to All, & a Special Thank You to All
Who Have Joined and Supported Me at
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
Minyans over the Past Two Years
Beverly Goldstein
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Happy New Year
The Goldstein Family
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family
Jeff, Doris, Ellen, Max & Aliza
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Laurie, Linda, Susan, Shira
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie DuBow
Wishing Everyone a
Happy & Health New Year
Neil, Minda, Josh & Jennie Gordon
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Linda & Lester Edelstein
Sandra & Barbara
Dr. Walker, Mindy & Rachel Whaley
May You be Blessed with Good Health,
Peace & Happiness in the New Year
Leslie & Eric Held
Kim, Jon, Eliza, Allie & Ayden Israel
182
===== PAGE 185 =====
[ ► VS han a Tova
1
L’Shana Tova
Bobbie Heyman & Family
New Years Greetings
Kal & Judith Levinson
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben Hoffenberg
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Rhoda & Norman Kagan
Donna Buring
Falyn, Jonathan & Lance
Warmest Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Barbara & Bennie Margol
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy Year
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof
Tali & Zach
Dr. Gil, Leigh & Josh Kentof
May the Coming Year be a Happy One
for You & Yours
Marilyn & Mike Mass
VShana Tova
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh & Tara Kornblum
L’Shana Tova
Dr. Edward & Judy Mizrahi
and Family
. .
Best Wishes for a
Peaceful & Healthy New Year
The Krestul Family
L’Shana Tova
Faye, Steven, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Robin, Jeffery, Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira & Doron Stember
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Health & Happiness
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
Don’t B# -Sharp
Don’t B 7 -Flat
JustB h]-Natural
Love, Judith Anne Naftulin Geller Nevel
183
===== PAGE 186 =====
L’Shana Tova
Kathy, Morrie & Ashley Lois Osterer
Natalie, Eli, Esther Shira & Simcha Leah Menaged
Jessica & Victor Hassid
Melissa & Douglas Storch
Wishing You a Healthy
& Happy New Year
Rubye Safer Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee, Mischa & Aaron Pollock
Best Wishes for a Year
of Peace, Health & Happiness
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
Wishing You a Year of Good Health,
Happiness, Contentment & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
May the Coming Year bring you Joy &
Happiness, Good Health & Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Laurie, Frankie
Dustin & Brooke Lynn
A Happy & Healthy New Year
L’Shana Tova Tikatavn
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
Lisa & Stefanie
Ivy, Joshua & Nathan Jack Weingram j
Best Wishes, Good Health & Happy New Year
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol, Douglas, Zita, Tzuriel
& Shmuel Chaim Weinstein
For the New Year & Always
Health, Happiness & Peace
Dr. Kenneth & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua, Fmilie & Naomi Paige
Elizabeth & Sarah
Best Wishes for a Healthy
& Happy New Year
L’Shana Tova Tikatavn
The Shacters
Alan, Ellen
Rachel, Adam & Gabriel Rosner
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Wishing You a Year of Good
Health & Peace
The Rubens Family
George & Ellen, Joshua, Cara & Jacob
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Rochelle Shainbrown
A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Ruby Family
Margo & Stanley
Andrew, Catrina, Jessica & Jacob
Best Wishes to Family & Friends
for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Joni & Harry
Adam, Kim, liana & Ross Shmunes
184
===== PAGE 187 =====
Wishing our Family and Friends
a Healthy, Happy, Peaceful
& Prosperous New Year
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
Best Wishes for a Happy,Healthy New Year
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex
Jared & Ally Wolfson
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Wishing Your Family a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Carole & Barry Sinoff
Beth, Howie, Evan & Andrew Wolpoff
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
Dr. Mark, Roz & Rachael Abramson
Alexandra & Barrett Mooney
L’Shana Tova
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Sumner & Joan Waitz
Happy New Year
Estelle & Stuart Beckerman
Happy New Year
Marsha Berdit & Family
Wishing You a Fruitful Year
Full of Love & Happiness
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael and Hilda Warfield
Greetings & Best Wishes
Edward E. Bernard
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Annette G. Bernstein
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Philip, Linda, Lauren & Sasha Bloom
Esther Weiss & Family
Wishing You a Healthy & Happy New Year
Naomie & Bob Bossen
VShana Tova
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Kyler & Taryn
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Becky Bromberg
VShana Tova
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie & Sadie Witten
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
A Healthy & Happy New Year
David, Sonya, Gabrielle & Joel Cohen
===== PAGE 188 =====
► L’Shana Tova TW
To one and all, have a wonderful New Year
Jerry & Kathy Cohn
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Arthur Hurwitz
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jack & Anita Dittman
Ricky, Elaine, Lauren & Erica Mack
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
Best Wishes for the New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
A Happy Healthy New Year
Sheldon, Harriett, Lee & Kevin Kaplan
L’Shana Tova
Sandi Driben
Wishing You a New Year filled with many
Blessings of Peace, Health & Happiness
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
A Happy & Peaceful New Year
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
Happy New Year
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Alan Edelstein
A Happy & Healthy New Year to All
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
L’Shana Tova
Judy & Saul Eisen & Family
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hy Kliman & Family
L’Shana Tova to All
Heather, Lenny, Jeremy, David & Shira Ferman
Peace, Good Health & Happiness for the New Year
Jack Koolik
Warm Wishes for a Good New Year to All
Etta Fialkow
L’Shana Tova
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp, Lauren & Jason Rubin
and Phyllis Fried
L’Shana Tova
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
A Happy, Healthy New Year
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
Happy New Year
Bonnie Gelman
Our Best Wishes for a Happy, Healthy New Year
Naomi & Larry Lazar
L’Shana Tova
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
L’Shana Tova
Sol & Hilda Goldman
Happy New Year
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
A Happy & Healthy New Year
May Grann & Family
Happy New Year
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg & Sharon Michaels
L’Shana Tova
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
Happy New Year
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Dena, Jonathan, Debra, Sara & Bruce
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
L’Shana Tova u ‘Metuka
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
186
===== PAGE 189 =====
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
Happy New Year
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Martin & Charles Pett
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year
Ann & Leon Silke & Family
Happy New Year
Mercedes, Bruce & Ariella Phillips
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Cindy, Randy, Arnie & Alex Silverberg
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Maura, Alex, Hannah & Joel Silverstein
Happiness, Peace & Good Health
Ron & Lita Poehlman
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Family & Friends
Doris & Fred Singer
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Arlene, Jerry & Jason Rademan
Alyssa & Matthew Siegel
Best Wishes for a Peaceful New Year
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
Wishing a Happy & Healthy New Year to all the J]C Families
The Raikes Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Happy & Healthy New Year
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Joan & Ben Talpalar
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Rexine, Charles & Asher Trager
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Devon, Perrin, Avi & Micah Rubin
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year to All
Harry & Dot Verstandig
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Bernard & Celia Sachs
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow & Family
May This New Year Bring Happiness & Peace to You
& Those You Love
Frances Schemer & Family
Happy New Year
Daniel, Cathy, Life, Mari, Travis
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
Happy New Year
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
A Year in which All your Fondest Hopes Come True
Margaret Schemer & Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin, George & Zachary Setzer
Wishing Everyone Happiness and Good Health for the New Year
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Peace, Good Health & Happiness for the New Year
Elsie Yellin
A Happy & Healthy New Year
David, Priscilla, Jason
Matthew & Shoshana Schmerer
Wishing you a Happy & Healthy New Year
Zipora Zucker
187
===== PAGE 190 =====
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler & Family
Paula Lerner
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik & Family
Anne Benjamin & Family
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Brian & Judie Benwick
Phyllis Paul Lewis & Family
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson, Brenna & Jack Dacks
Clara & Milton Mann
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Hilda Mazo & Family
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Lillian Meizlik
Harriette Ehrlich
Judith B. Mizrahi
Arlene Faracchio
Jeanette Newman
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Ira & Evelyn Peck
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
Marilyn D. Freedman
Leon Robins & Family
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
Rose Goldberg
William Rose
Helen Goldman & Family
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Diane & Allen Gray & Family
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Roz Hecht
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Faye & Dan Hedrick
Mr. & Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
The Honigmans
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier & Family
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Tompkins
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Jean Weinberg & Family
Walter & Syliva Kraemer
Sandra & Martin Weiss & Family
Dorothy S. Legum
Benjamin Zimmerman
188
===== PAGE 191 =====
P—Directory of Advertisers
Christopher Hernandez ■ 58
A A Susies Limousine, Inc 142
Abramson, Mark L. M.D 114
Acuraof Orange Park 118
Advanced Window Tinting 138
A Fantasy in Flowers 51
Affordable Water 58
AIC - American International
Communications, Inc 38
Allen’s Jewelers 49
Assessment Technologies Group - 132
Stephen Pollan
Athens Café 110
Atlantic Security 110
Audi Jacksonville 118
B
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Balotin, Scott M. -
Digger Capital Management, Inc 38
Bankers Life and Casualty Company 142
Andrew Morris
Adam Rutstein, CLTC
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
Barzak, Rabbi Israel J. - Mohel 43
BDT Concepts, Inc 106
Berman Bros., Inc 108
Beachview & GT Rentals 53
Bistro AIX 16
Bloch Publishing Company 122
Blosam Constructors, Inc. - 108
Philip H. Bloom
Bob Ham Eyewear 150
Borland-Groover Clinic - 18
Lawrence S. Goldberg
Mark L. Fleisher
Brandon Pest Control - 152
Stuart Herman
Brumos Motor Cars Inside. Front Cover
Mercedes-Benz
Brumos Porsche
Bubis, Jeffrey A. D.O., FA.C.O.I.,F.A.C.R -.... 112
Florida Oncology Associates
C
Cakes and More by Catrina 48
CarBux Carwash 142
Catered Cocktails 50
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 50
INI Realty Investments, Inc.
Claude Nolan Cadillac 128
Cohen, Raymond- 156
Invitations By Raymond
COS Management, Inc.- 112
Caroline Marks, CPA
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy 30
Craig Morgenthal, MD, FACS - 142
North Florida Surgeons
Cruisers Grill 58
D
Dan Harris PhotoArt 50
Daniel L. Wohl.M.D., PA.- 144
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
Deland Entertainment 50
Digger Capital Management, Inc. - 38
Scott M. Balotin
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center - 152
N. Fred Eaglstein D.O, RA.
Duss Kenney Safer
Hampton and Joos. P.A.- 144
Eliot J. Safer
E
Eaglstein, Fred N. D.O., RA. - 152
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center
E.H. Thompson Company 156
Eliot J. Safer - 144
Duss Kenney
Safer Hampton and Joos, RA.
Embassy Suites Hotel 120
Espling Jewelers 138
Evergreen Cemetery 56
Evolution - The Salon Source, Inc.- 106
MarkTalpalar
Sharon Talpalar
F
Family Allergy & Asthma Consultants -.... 158
Mike Mass M.D.
Hary Katz M.D.
Farmers Market 1
Fleet & Associates -
Architects/Planners, Inc.- 114
Robert S. Fleet, AIA
Janis K. Fleet, AICP
Florida Financial Group/ 20
New England Financial
Mark H. Kraus, CLU, ChFC, CASL
Florida Oncology Associates - 112
Jeffrey A. Bubis,
D.O., F.A.C.O.I., F.A.C.P.
Florida Sound Engineering Co, Inc 108
Florida Wilbert, Inc 56
Football Fanatics - 146
Alan Trager -
Brent Trager
Freidlin, Al - 114
Watson Realty Corp.
Funtastik Balloons 150
G
Gay, W.W. -
Mechanical Contractor, Inc 134
George H. Hewell and
Son Funeral Homes 57
Goldstein Commercial Properties, Inc 112
Greene-Hazel & Associates, Inc. -
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
Grenamyer, Liz Catering by 50
H
HairCuttery 156
Hall’s - Ace Hardware & Nurseries 112
Ham, Bob Eyewear 150
Hardage - Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 56
Harris L. Rittenberg D.M.D 106
Happy Cup Frozen Yogurt Bar -
Aaron Levine 2
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside, CPA 108
Hazel, Curtis - Inside Back Cover
Greene-Hazel & Associates
Hewell, George H. and Son
Funeral Homes 57
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 126
Hospitality Staff 50
Hyundai of Orange Park 118
I
Invitations By Raymond - 156
Raymond Cohen
Impressions - 41
Randee Steinberg
INI Realty Investments, Inc.- 58
Christopher Hernandez
189
===== PAGE 192 =====
¥—Directory of Advertisers
M
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 118
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc. - 82
Carl Cushnir
Jacksonville Marriott 52
JFCS - Jewish Family &
Community Services 114
JNF - Jewish National Fund 28
Just Print It 106
K
Kaplan, Sheldon J. Ph.D. & Associates 104
Keller Williams Realty- 158
Paige Wajsman
Kelly, Brian T. - 28
Shorstein & Kelly
Attorneys At Law, P.A.
Kirby Rental, LLC 158
Kraus, Mark H. CLU,ChFC,CASL - 20
Florida Financial Group/
New England Financial
Kuhn Flowers 42
L
LaTienda Jewelry 150
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 150
Let’s Nosh - Not your typical Deli 158
Lexus of Jacksonville Inside Front Cover
Lexus of Orange Park Inside Front Cover
M
Marcia Wasserman - Invitations 43
Margo’s Catering 40
Mark H. Kraus, CLU, ChFC, CASL- 20
Florida Financial Group/
New England Financial
Mark L. Abramson M.D 114
Mark Spivak’s -
Institute of Fine Arts Dance Extention ..104
Marks, Caroline- 112
COS Management
Mattox, Tommy - 112
Mattress Sets
Mediterrania Restaurant 108
Mercedes-Benz of
Orange Park Inside Front Cover
Minuteman Press 196
Mizrahi and Garris Insurance Agency -.... 138
Dennis Mizrahi
MJG Photographer - 46
Marvin Gross
Morris, Andrew - 142
Bankers Life and Casualty Company
Morris & Morris PA., CPA - 106
Joel C. Morris
N
North Florida Surgeons- 142
Craig Morgenthal, M D, FACS
O
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixiology 46
P
Paige Wajsman - 158
Keller Williams Realty
Party City -
The Discount Party Super Store - 42
Dana Zaifert
Patten School Bus Services, Inc 112
Pinch-A-Penny Pool - Patio - Spa 161
Piner’s Lock & Safe 114
PRI Productions 44
Process Master, Inc 106
Publix 82
R
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak - Mohel 43
Ramada Conference Center - 158
Fred Pozin
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D 106
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic 30
Rutstein, Adam CLTC - 142
Bankers Life and Casualty Company
S
Safer, Eliot J. - Duss Kenney 144
Safer Hampton & Joos, RA.
Sandler, Jeffrey M.D., FACS - Back Cover
Bartram Park Family ENT
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D. & Associates 104
Shorstein, Michael A. - 28
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys at Law, RA.
smart Center Jacksonville ....Inside Front Cover
Southern Monument Company, Incorported.. 54
Spivak’s Mark -
Institute of Fine Art Dance Extention.... 104
Stein Mart 58
Strathmore Bagels & Deli 162
T
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions Inc 146
Tec-on-Call 58
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, RA.- 112
Evan J. Yegelwel
The Brumos Companies -... Inside Front Cover
Brumos Motor Car - Mercedes-Benz
Brumos Porsche
Lexus of Jacksonville
Lexus of Orange Park
Mercedes-Benz of Orange Park
smart Center of Jacksonville
The Ice Man 110
The Jacksonville Bank 108
The Loop Pizza Grill 16
Thompson, E.H. Company 156
Tumbling Kids - Gymnastics and Fitness ... 104
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency - 12
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 152
Volkswagen of Orange Park 118
W
Wajsman, Paige - 158
Keller Williams Realty
Waitz&Moye, Inc.- 108
Sumner Waitz
Wasserman, Marcia - Invitations 43
Watson Plumbling 82
Watson Realty Corp. - 114
Al Freidlin
Winn-Dixie 14
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D., P.A.- Pediatric and
Adolescent Otolaryngology 144
W.W.Gay-
Mechanical Contractors, Inc 134
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
[► Advertisers Classified 4
Accountants - Certified Public
COS Management, Inc 112
Caroline Marks, CPA
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA 108
Morris & Morris RA.,CPA 106
Joel C. Morris, JD,MBA,CPA
Adoption
Shorstein & Kelly - Attorneys At Law P.A.... 28
Michael A. Shorstein
Air Conditioning - Heating Commercial
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions, Inc 146
Apparel Children
Stein Mart 58
Apparel Men
Stein Mart 58
Apparel Women
Stein Mart 58
Architects - Planners
Fleet & Associates-Architects/Planners, Inc. ...114
Robert S. Fleet, AIA
Janis K. Fleet, AICP
Attorneys
Duss Kenney Safer Hampton & Joos, PA.... 144
Eliot J. Safer
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys At Law, RA 28
Brian T. Kelly
Michael A. Shorstein
Terrall Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A 112
Evan J. Yegelwel
Audio -Visual - Equipment-
Renting - Leasing
PRI Productions 44
Automobile Dealers
Claude Nolan Cadillac 128
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 118
Acura of Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Automobile Dealers
Hyundai of Orange Park
Volkswagen of Orange Park
The Brumos Companies.... Inside Front Cover
Brumos Motor Car - Mercedes-Benz
Brumos Porsche
Lexus of Jacksonville
Lexus of Orange Park
Mercedes-Benz of Orange Park
smart Center Jacksonville
Bakers - Baked Goods
Cakes and More by Catrina 48
Balloons - Novelty - Decorative
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Funtastik Balloons 150
Kuhn Flowers 42
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store.. 42
Dana Zaifert
Banks
The Jacksonville Bank 108
Bartenders
Hospitality Staff 50
Beauty Salons - Services - Supply
Evolution - The Salon Source, Inc 106
MarkTalpalar
Sharon Talpalar
Hair Cuttery 156
Beverage Catering
Catered Cocktails 50
Oliv’rTwist Mobile Mixology 46
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors, Inc 108
Philip H. Bloom
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc 134
Burial Vaults
Florida Wilbert, Inc 56
Business Process Design
Assessment Technologies Group 132
Stephen Pollan
Butlers - Maids
Hospitality Staff 50
Calligraphers
Impressions 41
Randee Steinberg
Car Wash and
Detail Express Service
CarBux Carwash 142
Carpet - Rug - Cleaners
Process Master Inc 106
Caterers
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 50
Margo’s Catering 40
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery 56
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Home
and Cemeteries 56
Chemicals
E.H. Thompson Company 156
Communications
AIC American International Communications, Inc. 38
Atlantic Security 110
Computers - Supplies - Parts
BDT Concepts, Inc 106
Computer - Telephone - Network
Tec-on-Call 58
Cooks - Carvers - Servers
Hospitality Staff 50
Counselors
JFCS - Jewish Family & Community
Services 114
191
===== PAGE 194 =====
P Advertisers Classified
Counselors
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D. & Associates 104
Dancing Instruction
Mark Spivak’s Institute of Fine Arts Dance
Extension 104
Decorator Linens
Beachview & GT Rentals 53
Kirby Rental 158
Dentist
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 106
Engineers - Professional Services
Waitz&Moye, Inc 108
Sumner Waitz
Entertainment
Deland Entertainment 50
Event Planning
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Beachview & GT Rental 53
Kirby Rentals 158
PRI Productions 44
Financial Planners
Mark H. Kraus, CLU,ChFC,CASL 20
Florida Financial Group/New England
Financial
Fine Jewelry
Allen’s Jewelers 49
Espling Jewelers 138
La Tienda Jewelry 150
Florists
A Fantasy in Flowers 51
Kuhn Flowers 42
Food Service -
Equipment - Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 156
Frozen Yogurt
Happy Cup Frozen Yogurt Bar 2
Aaron Levine
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell and Son Funeral Homes... 57
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 56
Gift - Specialty
Football Fanatics 146
Alan Trager
Brent Trager
Glass - Automobile - Plate -
Window - Residential - Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 150
Glass Coating - Tinting
Advanced Window Tinting 138
Graphic Design
Minuteman Press 196
Raymond W. Cohen 156
Grocers
Publix 82
Winn-Dixie 14
Gymnastics - Fitness
Tumbling Kids 104
Hardware
Hall’s - Ace Hardware & Nurseries 112
Hotels
Embassy Suites Hotel 120
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 126
Jacksonville Marriott 52
Ramada Conference Center 158
Fred Pozin
Human Resources
Assessment Technologies Group 132
Stephen Pollan
Ice - Ice Machines
Insurance
Bankers Life and Casualty Company 142
Andrew Morris
Adam Rutstein, CLTC
Florida Financial Group/New England
Financial 20
Mark H. Kraus, CLU, ChFC, CASL
Greene-Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
Mizrahi and Garris Insurance Agency 138
Dennis Mizrahi
Ralph Garris
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 12
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Investment Advisors
Digger Capital Management Inc 38
Scott M. Balotin
Invitations - Announcements
Impressions 41
Randee Steinberg
Invitations By Raymond 156
Raymond Cohen
Marcia Wasserman 43
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store....42
Dana Zaifert
Jewelry - Repairing
Allen’s Jewelry 49
Espling Jewelers 138
La Tienda Jewelry 150
Judaic Publishers - Booksellers
Block Publishing Company 122
Kosher Products
Publix 82
Winn-Dixie 14
Leadership Development - Training
Assessment Technologies Group 132
Stephen Pollan
192
The Ice Man
110
===== PAGE 195 =====
► Advertisers Classified
Light Bulbs-Tubes
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc 82
Carl Cushnir
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 142
Locks - Locksmith
Piner's Lock & Safe 114
Medical - Dental Centers
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
Borland - Groover Clinic 18
CPT- Center for Physical Therapy 30
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D..RA 144
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center 152
Family Allergy & Asthma Consultants 158
Florida Oncology Associates 112
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 106
Mark L. Abramson, M.D 114
North Florida Surgeons 142
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A 30
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 150
Mohel - Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 43
Monuments
Southern Monument Company
Incorporated 54
National Organizations
JNF - Jewish National Fund 28
Nurseries - Plants - Dish Gardens
A Fantasy in Flowers 51
Hall’s - Ace Hardware & Nurseries 112
Kuhn Flowers 42
Opticians
Bob Ham Eyewear 150
Organic - Ethnic -
Specialty Produce
Farmers Market 1
Organic Frozen Yogurt
Happy Cup Frozen Yogurt Bar 2
Aaron Levine
Organization Design -
Development
Assessment Technologies Group 132
Stephen Pollan
Party Supplies - Party Favors
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store .. 42
Dana Zaifert
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 152
Stuart Herman
Photo Booth
Dan Harris PhotoArt 50
Photography
Dan Harris PhotoArt 50
MJG Photographers 46
Marvin Gross
Physicians - Psychologists -
Counselers
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility 114
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
Jeffrey Sandler, M.D..FACS
Borland - Groover Clinic 18
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R.Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W.AIan Harmon, M.D.
Murray L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd I. Sack, M.D.
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
Physicians - Psychologists -
Counselers
M.Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.d.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D,
John M. Peterson, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana m. Corregidor, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D.Gopal, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
David m. Ferriss, M.D.
Hong t.Tek, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Augusto Lopez -Torrez, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
NassimY. El Hajj, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Ben Pineau, M.D.
W.A. (Sandra) Hoogerwerf, M.D.
Kevin M. Comar, M.D.
William F. Foody, M.D.
Melinda R Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Melody A. Perez, ARNP
Kristen I. Cerasi, PA-C
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Cathy A. Schan, PA-C
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy 30
Sam Rogozinski
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D.,P.A. Pediatric and
Adolescent Otoloryngology 144
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center 152
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O., P.A.
Mark A. Cohen, M.D., MOHS
Bruce Paley, D.O.
Angela Y. Armstrong, ARNP
Family Allergy & Asthma Consultants 158
Sudhir Prabhu M.D.
Sunil Joshi M.D.
Mike Mass M.D.
Hary Katz M.D.
193
===== PAGE 196 =====
► Advertisers Classified
Physicians - Psychologists -
Counselors
Florida Oncology Associates 112
Jeffrey A. Bubis, D.O.,F.A.C.O.I.,F.A.C.P.
North Florida Surgeons 142
Craig Morgenthal, M.D..FACS
Drs. Bower, Crump, Felger, Hodgett,
Lerner, Morgenthal & Polley
Rogozlnski Orthopedic Clinic, PA 30
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D & Associates 28
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 108
Plumbling - Contractors
Watson Plumbing 82
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractor, Inc 134
Printers
Just Print It 106
Minuteman Press 196
Produce
Farmers Market 1
Real Estate
Al Freidlin - Watson Realty Corp 114
Christopher Hernandez Realtor-
INI Realty Investments, Inc 58
Goldstein Commercial Properties, Inc 112
Paige Wajsman - Keller Williams Realty ... 158
Rental Services
Beachview & GT Rental 53
Kirby Rental 158
Restaurants - Delicatessens
Athens Café 110
Bistro AIX 16
Cruisers Grill 58
Restaurants - Delicatessens
Let’s Nosh - Not your typical Dell 158
Mediterranla Restaurant 108
Strathmore Bagels & Deli 162
The Loop Pizza Grill 16
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 152
Restaurant Equipment - Supplies
E.H.Thompson Company 156
Safes - Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Safe 114
School Bus Rental
Patten School Bus Services, Inc 112
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealers
Berman Bros., Inc 108
Security Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 110
Security Surveillance Equipment
AIC - American International
Communications, Inc 38
Senior - Transportation
JFCS - Jewish Family &
Community Services 114
Social Services Organizations
JFCS - Jewish Family &
Community Services 114
Sound - Video Systems -
Installation Services
Florida Sound Engineering Co., Inc 108
Sports Apparel - Gifts
Football Fanatics 146
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy 30
Swimming Pool Equipment - Supplies
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa 161
Therapists
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D & Associates 104
Tub - Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 150
Video Production Services
PRI Production 44
Voice - Data Specialists
AIC - American International
Communications, Inc 38
Tec-on-Call 58
Water Filters - Purifiers
Affordable Water 58
Wedding Cakes
Cakes and More by Catrina 48
Wedding • Catering Accessories
Beachview & GT Rental 53
Kirby Rental 158
Wedding Consultant - Planning
Beachview & GT Rental 53
Kirby Rental 158
PRI Productions 44
Window Tinting - Residential -
Commercial - Automotive - Marine
Advanced Window Tinting 138
194
===== PAGE 197 =====
L’Shana Tova
I 'Sk
7
anajova
Wishing All of our members a
Healthy and Happy New Year
From the Board of Directors and Staff
of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
JACKSONVILLE
\ JEWISH
* ENTER
195
===== PAGE 198 =====
proud Member of the
® Jacksonville Business Community
Lasff
In Printing
PRINTING
Letterhead
Envelopes
Newsletters
Brochures
Carbonless Forms
Books
Business Cards
Flyers
On-Line Ordering
OTHER SERVICES
• Graphic Design
• Cross Media Campaigns
(PURLS & Email Blasts)
• Variable Data
• Mail Services
• Lists
• Color Copying
• Faxes
• Advertising Specialties
• High Speed Copying
• Rubber Stamps
•Wedding Invitations
• Holiday Cards
4185 Sunbeam Road, Suite 100* Jacksonville, FL 32257
tel: (904) 733-5578 • fax: (904) 733-6568
sales@mmpjax.com • www.mmpjax.com
- A locally-owned, family-run business -
196
===== PAGE 199 =====
Take the Guesswork
Out of Insurance!
Working Locally, Thinking Globally
GREENE-HAZEL
& Associates, Inc.
904.398.1234 • greenehazel.com
===== PAGE 200 =====
AN EAR, NOSE & THROAT PRACTICE FOCUSED OI#OUR ENTIRE
r
HEAD & NECK SURGERY
k
%
-
■
im
Certified audiologist
Jodi Green, MA, CCC-A
Comprehensive hearing evaluations
Comprehensive dizziness evaluations
Hearing aid dispensing
Hearing aid repairs
Assistive Listening Devices
Custom fit recreational molds
A
’ Minimally Invasive Sinus Surgery
1 Head & Neck Cancer Evaluation
1 Sleep Apnea / Snoring
'Treating Children & Adults
1 20+Years Experience
'Thyroid and Endocrine Treatment
- Board Certified Ears, Nose & Throat,
Head & Neck Surgery, Facial &
Reconstructive Plastic Surgery
Bartmm Park Family ENT
For appointments please call
904-446-9191
JEFFREY SANDLER, M.D., FACS
13241 Bartram Park Blvd., Suite 801
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
(Near the Kohl’s/Publix Shopping Center, Old St. Augustine Rd.West of 1-95
www.jaxfamilyent.com
