I*~A Message from Rabbi Rosenblum H
FINDING “BALANCE” IN THE NEW YEAR
As a kid, I always loved climbing and spending time outdoors. I rode my bike,
swung from the monkey bars and, as I got older, visited some of the most
beautiful places across our magnificent country. I traveled to the Grand Canyon
and the Painted Desert with USY on Wheels, and Bryce and Zion National Parks
with my mother in the Summer of 2015.1 even climbed the Flatirons in Boulder,
CO, on one of my days off while working at Camp Ramah in the Rockies.
Since moving to Jacksonville, I haven’t seen many mountains or canyons
so I decided to venture out once again to experience the wonders of the natural
world. At the end of June, I traveled to Colorado with my mother, aunt and
grandmother for a short vacation. One of our first stops was to the area known
as Garden of the Gods, a beautiful public park nestled in the heart of Colorado
Springs. The main attractions of the park are the natural red rock formations that have each been given
unique names based on their appearance. Visitors can bike, hike or drive through the park to see the amazing
geological structures. One of my favorites is a massive boulder called “Balanced Rock” which seems to
simply hover on the surface of the mountain below it.
In thinking back on the year which is coming to a close, and the new year which will soon commence, I
am reminded of that seemingly precarious rock formation. We are all balancing on the edge between past and
future; looking forward to what lies ahead, while trying to make amends for any missteps or shortcomings
from the previous year. Whether faced with life-changing decisions like where to live or what job to accept,
or everyday choices such as what to eat or wear, we must think of ourselves as a “balanced rock,” steady and
grounded, ready to take on the world.
These rock formations have been around for millions of years and continue to withstand the passage of
time despite the high volume of visitors each year. They offer inspiration that we can overcome whatever life
throws in our direction and encourage us to persevere, regardless of what may come our way. My wish for
us all is that 5779 brings an increased sense of stability, and that we can strive to balance ourselves and our
loved ones each and every day.
Shana Tova u ’Metuka,
Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum
