>-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner-4
JEWISH DESTINY BEYOND “23 AND ME”
Seconds ago I hit the send button on my computer to purchase a genetic analysis kit
from 23andMe, a biotech company that identifies one’s ethnic and regional background
through chromosomal testing. For many months I’ve listened to the stories of friends and
colleagues who have been startled by the discovery of unexpected genetic strands in their
DNA. How does an Ashkenazi Jew with no converts as far as she can remember end up
being 1% Laplander? How does another person of similar background explain a gene pool
that includes 3% East Asian and 2% West African genes? That science doesn’t lie only
deepens a mystery that stretches beyond the limits of most family trees and memories.
At a religious level there is an important lesson here: all of us wear a coat of many
genetic colors. Long before we knew about DNA, the rabbis insisted that all human beings
share a common origin: “A single human being was created in the world ... so that none
should to another, ‘My ancestry is greater than your ancestry’; and to teach the greatness
of the Holy Blessed One, for a person stamps many coins with one seal and they are all
identical, but the Sovereign of all sovereigns has stamped every person with the seal of the
first human being, yet not one of them is like another” (Mishnah Sanhedrin 4:5). The sages
of the Talmud could see the different complexions and facial futures possessed by human
beings, yet still maintained that we come from the same roots. The genetic potpourri which
constitutes the DNA of so many of us is a scientific affirmation of a religious truth long-
known by Judaism.
Simultaneously, however, Judaism upholds Jewish uniqueness and the role we have to play as a distinct and separate
people. In the Aleinu, a prayer originally written for the High Holy Day liturgy and now recited three times daily at the close
of each service, we chant: “It is our duty to praise the Master of all, to ascribe greatness to the Creator, for God has made
our lot unlike that of other peoples, assigning to us a unique destiny.” When a person is called to the Torah s/he recites this
blessing: “Praised are You . . . who has chosen us from among all peoples by giving us the Torah.” There are numerous
similar statements throughout our sacred literature and liturgy.
This sentiment is not one of superiority to others, God forbid, but emanates from the deep-seated belief that Jews
have a distinct role in history to play. That we have survived as a people against all odds, and that ours is the faith that
gave birth to monotheism world-wide are concomitants of this. To thrive -not to mention survive - we must preserve the
unique character of Jewish identity - even as we insist that each and every human being is created in the Divine Image and
deserving of respect.
A new term in the lingo of the business world is “disruption.” It is used to describe a process that literally uproots and
changes how we think, behave, do business, and go about our day-to-day business. In a society that glorifies the melting pot,
it is positively disruptive and daringly counter-cultural to espouse a message that is both possible and necessary to love our
neighbors while consciously choosing to be different and set apart as a people. That’s why Tikkun Olam, the repair of our
fractured world through acts of compassion and loving kindness, while absolutely vital to Judaism . . . isn’t likely by itself
to ensure the preservation of Jewish peoplehood. Sure, I am commanded to feed the hungry because I am Jewish, but if
my Jewish identity is comprised solely of those activities performed by all people of good will throughout the world, what,
then, truly makes me different? As .002% of the world’s population, if the mainstay of Jewish education and engagement
is doing what everyone else does, the unique contours of Jewish peoplehood will get lost.
As Conservative Jews, above and beyond Tikkun Olam, we need to lovingly and enthusiastically emphasize those
precepts that create a distinctly Jewish identity: including mitzvot like Kashrut, Shabbat, Tallit, Tefillin, Mezuzah, and the
observance of Jewish holidays such as Sukkot and Pesah - especially at home. We must also continue to view Hebrew as
the linguistic glue of Jewish identity, and seek new ways to draw closer to Israel as our homeland. We must not only teach
the mechanics of such observances, but joyously inculcate our children with their potential to
create distinctly Jewish lives - not in conflict with their secular selves, but above and beyond
them. Without this, being different is more likely to become an unfortunate or irrelevant
burden, not a precious gift.
To be Jewish is to be different It is a trust, a challenge, a destiny. It is what we have
always been and what we need to be.
May this New Year of 5779 inspire us to embrace ourselves more passionately, so that
we may embrace others with greater understanding and empathy. Susan, Avichai, Elior and
Itamar join me in wishing you a New Year of health, blessing, and meaning.
Shanah Tovah Tikatevu u Tehatemu,
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
