In Memory
Judith McMillen Reppert, z"
28 December 1946 - 15 December 2017
It is impossible to calculate the impact Ms. Judy Reppert had on countless youngsters during the course
of a teaching career that spanned more than four decades. Her passion for broadening the horizon of her
students through education, her love of children, and the ability to whet an appetite for learning shaped several
generations of youngsters at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School. Not surprisingly, in 2016 Judy Reppert received the Gladys Prior Award for Career Teaching
Excellence, a distinguished honor bestowed by the University of North Florida on no more than several
teachers annually.
Scripture teaches, “In the morning sow your seed, and in the evening do not withhold your hand”
(Ecclesiastes 11:6). Rabbi Akiva interpreted this verse to mean: If you have taught many disciples when
you were young, do not sit back and refrain from teaching others when you are older” (Midrash Tanhuma,
Hayye Sarah §6). During her 42-year tenure at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School she had the rare privilege of
teaching the children of her students. Judy’s passion for history and social studies opened the eyes of several
generations of learners, and provided precious continuity to education at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Other
faculty and staff might come and go, but Judy Reppert was always there.
She was a woman of wisdom, refinement, and culture; she kept her word by always meaning what she said,
and saying what she meant. Those who worked with her felt honored to be her colleagues. And though her
students respected her dignity, she knew how to smile and laugh with them, and sometimes even at herself.
Judy truly personified the very best of the educational programs of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. May
the Holy One bring comfort and healing to Judy’s daughter, Carrie, and her sister and brother-in-law, Joyce
and Ray Miller. Her memory shall always be an inspiration to our community and those blessed by the good
fortune of having known her.
1 l
17
