§s— A Message from the Executive Director
PLANNING FOR OUR FUTURE
I
I
Throughout our lives we participate in many opportunities where we use our
ability to plan. We plan our celebrations, our vacations, our school year, our
schedules, and retirement among other life moments.
This is your opportunity as a member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
to be part of the planning for the foreseeable future of our synagogue and
for the Jewish community of Jacksonville. Our lay leadership along with the
JJC staff have been working diligently towards preparing the groundwork for
this imperative project. Today, every congregant will have the opportunity to
participate in our Strategic Planning process that began in early summer with the
assistance of the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism professional staff.
Planning for the next several years for the Jacksonville Jewish Center is
crucial in these changing times. Today’s synagogues are experiencing significant
Executive Director
shifts in the way the younger generations perceive their needs and association
with the synagogues that were created in previous generations. The generations that built the Jacksonville
Jewish Center are now handing over the reins to a new generation. Along with the lay leadership, we need to
adapt to the needs and wants of the senior generations along with modifying our ways of doing business to
meet the needs and wants of Generation X and the generations to come.
All of our members now have the opportunity to be part of this process; by being part of the community
conversation geared toward your personal interest or identification and by taking the online congregation
survey that will be concluding in early October. The community conversations are small groups of like minded
congregants that gather together to share information and opinions regarding how to make the JJC the best
it can become for the future. Along with the brief online survey, we will hopefully develop a comprehensive
picture of what course of actions should be taken to secure a strong and vibrant congregation for the future.
Once all of the data is collected and analyzed, tasks forces will be formed to implement changes that will
chart the course for our future.
The synagogue of tomorrow may look quite different from today, just as the synagogue of today looks
different than the synagogue of the early 1900’s that your great grandparents founded and attended.
Constructive and meaningful change can only happen with your participation and opinion.
We spend so much of our lives on planning our future. Shouldn’t we take time to plan for the future of our
spiritual home and plot tomorrow’s course for our
children? The decision is yours as to where we are
headed tomorrow and in the years to come for the
next generation.
Wishing you and your family a Healthy and
Happy 5779 and into the future.
Gilbert Kleiner, FSA Executive Director
11
