A Message from the Hazzan —4
A SEASON OF GRATITUDE
Then Jacob awoke from his sleep and said, “Surely the LORD is in this place,
and I did not know it.”- Genesis 28:16
A few months ago, my family came as they often do for a ruach filled Shabbat
in the Round service. As both congregants and out of town guests were singing
a familiar melody, my older daughter leaned over to my wife and whispered, “I
hear God.” Maybe she heard God through the uplifting energy we all felt that
evening. Maybe she heard God through the power of communal celebration.
Or maybe, she heard God expressing gratitude for how we as a collective were
welcoming the Shabbat bride.
This was a summer of God talk, and it had nothing to do with Drake’s
summer hit, “God’s Plan.” A few weeks after that first remark, Rena chimed in
at bedtime, “God can hear everything I say,” after which she clarified, “When I
talk to my toys, God can hear.” While one could trivialize this as being an age of
exploration and innocence, of oversimplification, I would contend that there is a profound sense of clarity to
her statements. Her awareness of God as a central figure in our lives, a figure that has the realistic possibility
of being there for us, is something I hope my daughter clings to as she ages.
If you type “Thank you God” into Amazon’s search tool, you’ll find over a thousand books, a
disproportionate amount geared towards the early childhood sector. For kids, it’s easy to connect the good
things we have in life to expressing thanks to God who set it all in motion. As we age, our prescription for
rose colored glasses changes. Yet in each daily prayer service, we express moments of gratitude through the
word “Todah.” Our morning service begins with the words, Modeh ani lifanecha,“how grateful I am to stand
before God who has graciously returned my soul within me.” We thank God for the blessings of our life, even
if we are expressing loss and pain. As we express thanks to a greater force, we seek acknowledgement that
our message has been received. We want to hear God. And so my prayer for us in this season of renewal and
rebirth is that we hear God. We hear God through the power of a community that supports us in the highs and
lows and maybe most importantly, in the in-betweens; that we hear God in the acts of strangers and in our
own acts of selflessness and pure loving kindness; that we hear God in the sacred moments of ritual and the
sacred moments of the spontaneous.
Shema Yisrael, listen oh Israel, to the
power we all have to inspire. Then
we will wake up in the new year and
we will proclaim (with some poetic
license to Genesis 28:16): God was
in this place and I knew it, I felt
it, and I am grateful for it. Shana
tova, may this be a year of health,
happiness and gratitude for us all.
Hazzan Jesse, Leora, Rena
and Dafna Holzer
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
