I- A Message from the President -4
I
i
:
David Bielski
Board President
OUR FUTURE IS BRIGHT
It has been an amazing year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center and I am proud
of all that we are doing... but are we successful?
• The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School has grown over 20% since last year.
• The Dubow Preschool has grown over 40% since last year.
• The Setzer Youth Department has grown over 30% since last year.
That is huge growth and I would call that tremendous success!
• Our Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School continues to thrive.
• Our JJC Futures continues to graduate new leaders every year.
• Our programming, social action and membership events continue to be
fun and exciting.
With everything going so well, there is no better time to self-reflect and focus on the future. If you had
told me 25 years ago that Blockbuster Video would be almost extinct today, I would say you were crazy! Well,
Blockbuster didn’t spend time focusing on its future and adapting to change which allowed companies like
Netflix to put them out of business. For reasons like this, the leaders at the Jacksonville Jewish Center will
spend this upcoming year undergoing a major, forward thinking strategic plan that will help shape the way we
ensure that we are meeting the desires and needs of our congregants. 1 am so proud of everyone that is stepping
up to be a part of this undertaking. From community conversations to data analysis to implementation, all of us
can participate in planning for our future. With your help, the future will continue to be bright!
This past year, my family and I have been fortunate to spend several Shabbats travelling to Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
at various synagogues throughout the Southeast. Celebrating our friend’s and family’s simchas has been
wonderful, but in my opinion, there is no place like the Jacksonville Jewish Center and we are so lucky for its
existence! We are a success story supporting Conservative
Judaism in Jacksonville for the past 116 years and I believe,
with your support, will continue to be successful for the
next 100 plus years! I am so proud of our fabulous clergy
team, staff, lay leadership team and community that care
about one another and will go above and beyond the call of
duty for our friends in and outside our congregation.
Thank you for continuing to support the JJC to ensure
that our future generations have the opportunity to thrive as
successful Jewish people.
Together with my wife Carrie and daughters, Jamie and
Allie, we wish you a sweet and healthy new year!
David Bielski, President
Jacksonville Jewish Center
19
