hr- Communities & Organizations
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
The Adult Education Committee is committed to
providing a wide variety of classes, films, speakers,
and special events designed to educate and engage
every adult in our community. We continue to provide
“regular” weekly and monthly classes at all levels of
learning for our congregants and the Jacksonville
community. Popular classes are Talmud, Hebrew
Reading and Service Skills classes, Foundations
of Judaism, Monday Morning Mapquest, ShalOM
Meditation, and Coffee and Torah. Our Yiddish Club and our Center Book Club both continue to thrive! This
year, we ran a new Hebrew Conversation class, and are looking forward to expanding language classes with
a Beginner’s Yiddish Conversation group as well as a Hebrew Conversation “Club” for advanced speakers.
Our Adult Library is being used daily, providing a resource for all who wish to do research, learn something
new, or simply enjoy a Jewish fictional story.
Our yearly Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton, brought back by popular demand scholar-in-residence
Stephen Berk, Professor of Holocaust and Jewish studies at Union College. The event was a huge success
focusing on Being Jewish in Modern America. We also brought in Mordecai Dzikansky, the “Terrorist Cop”,
who delighted a large audience with his stories as a Jewish NYPD policeman sent to Israel to learn security
measures after 9/11. Films have become an integral part of Adult Education. We had a great turnout for the
Yiddish Film. Yitn Midi Fidl. a well-attended showing of Gentleman’s Agreement, complete with fascinating
insights by expert Rachel Gordan, Bud Shorstein endowed chair in American Jewish Culture and Society
at the University of Florida Center for Jewish Studies. This summer included a screening of An American
Tail, an animated movie which was enjoyed by children of all ages, with Hazzan Holzer leading an adult
discussion about historical realities of the time period and struggles of immigrants.
We’re already excited about this coming year! Save the date for our next Shabbaton on Dec. 7-9,2018, with
Dr. Rabbi Analia Bortz, who is a medical doctor and Bioethicist. She has practiced in Argentina, Israel, Chili and
the USA and was the first female rabbi in Latin America. Other plans for next year are an extended monthly film
series geared for ALL ages, an expert speaker on the life of Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and many more!
Thank you to our enthusiastic and caring adult education committee. Each member puts a lot of time,
effort, and devotion to detail into every program that we organize. Mazel tov to another successful year and
a job well done!
Committee Members
CHAIR: Helen Shacter
STAFF LIAISON: Lois Tompkins
MEMBERS
Eve Aptheker Leonard Lipkin
Sandi Driben Sharon Rosenblum
Etta Fialkow Millie Tannen
Elaine Furman Marion Tischler
Wendy Honigman
L’Shanah Tovah!
Helen Shacter, Adult Education Committee Chair Lois Tompkins, Staff Coordinator
