JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER FUTURES COMMITTEE
What is JJC Futures?
The mission of JJC Futures is to strengthen the Jacksonville Jewish Center by identifying, inspiring, and
cultivating leaders for the Jacksonville Jewish Center community.
How do we accomplish our mission?
Nominated participants engage in a multi-session course which exposes them to key areas of the JJC
including our governance structure. Through varied activities, our members interact with key leaders of our
organization and gain a better understanding of our history, what we do and how we do it. JJC Futures is also
an investment in people. We support the growth and development of personal leadership skills for members of
our community.
JJC Futures provides enriching educational experiences for our members such as:
• Leadership Development Courses.. .An investment in you!
o Understanding personality types, and how to use this awareness to your advantage
o Understanding the philanthropic initiatives of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
o Opportunity to direct resources towards their personal passions within our Jacksonville
Jewish Center community
• Getting under the hood of the Jacksonville Jewish Center...Understanding our history, what we do,
why we do it, and how our work gets done.
o Our history
o Our mission
o Our educational offerings
o Our religious offerings
o Our finances
o Our committee and governance structure
Futures
JJC Futures began in 2016 and our course is conducted between January and June. Over the past 3 years
we have had over 35 people attend the course. The feedback from our steering committee and our participants
has helped us continuously improve the program. Nearly all our participants have given feedback that they
appreciated these experiences and found them valuable. Many have put this knowledge to work and currently
serve as lay leaders for the Jacksonville Jewish Center and beyond.
If you would like to nominate someone for this year’s course or you would like to discuss this program
further, please contact Mike Mass at MassJax@comcast.net.
37
