HESED COMMUNITY
“On three things the world stands: on the Torah, on prayer and on acts of
loving kindness.” -Pirkei Avot 1:2
Naomie Bossen, z”l
Hesed Committee Member
(from 2003-2018)
Hesed (loving kindness) is one of the essential mitzvot (Torah
commandments) required of all Jews. We are all, at different times in our
lives, in a position to both give and receive kindness. One of the beautiful
benefits of being part of a large synagogue community, like the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, is that we are connected to each other through the mitzvah
of hesed.
As such, Hesed is not a traditional committee at the Center. We reach
out to the entire congregation, inviting everyone to participate in acts of
hesed such as preparing and delivering meals, making visits and calls, helping to make a minyan at
a shiva, sending cards, and giving rides.
We would like to thank outgoing co-chairs, Beth Shorstein and Helen Hill, for their leadership and
commitment to engaging the community in hesed. We are grateful for all of the volunteers from our
community who have performed acts of Gemilut Hasadeim, loving kindness, throughout the past year.
Please contact one of our Hesed co-chairs, Rachel Morgenthal or Andrea Hernandez, whose
contact information is included in this yearbook, if you would like to join us in working together to
continue to enhance our lives through these sacred traditions and strengthen our caring community.
Please call or email Danielle Berke at (904) 238-7414 or dberke@jaxjewishcenter.org if you or
someone you know would benefit from receiving any of these simple gifts of kindness.
Committee Members
CO-CHAIRS - Rachel Morgenthal and Andrea Hernandez
STAFF LIAISON - Danielle Berke
Bob Bossen
Debbie Charpiat
Dina Fetner
Rhoda Goldstein
Peter Hammer
Faye Hedrick
Andrea Hernandez
Elaine Hodz
Helen Hill
Edith Horovitz
Marcia Howard
Marcelle Karstaedt
Jack Mizrahi Marjie Rogozinski
Rachel Morgenthal Beth Shorstein
Sylvia Lubliner Andy Raitt
Larry Mendlow Robin Rand
Robin Morris Joan Waitz
Penny Powell Leon Yergin
31
