►— Committees & Organizations —4
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
5778 was a year of change for the Religious Life Community (RLC). As a congregation, we welcomed Rabbi
Shira Rosenblum as our new second rabbi and had to say goodbye to David Wolinsky who sadly passed away
in February.
It was a year where the committee was asked to take on the responsibilities of facilitating the honors during
the Shabbat and holiday services and assign the Torah readings. Special thank you to Lisa Cohen for assisting
with those assignments.
It has also been a year of accomplishments. This year, we had more congregants reading Torah than we
have had in many years. This also included many post-Bar/Bat Mitzvah readers. We successfully implemented
the Minyan App, which has alerted congregants if we were short for a Minyan. Each time we used the app,
we were able to have more than 10. Together, we celebrated with Herb Plotkin as he was honored as our fourth
annual Scott P. Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily morning and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a
strong part of our congregation’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect
with God, other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved
ones. We are appreciative of the efforts of our minyan captains and dedication of our regulars.
Many thanks to Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Rosenblum and Hazzan Holzer for their hours of devotion and service
to our congregation. We are grateful for the devoted efforts of the RLC members for their hard work in helping
to share the present and future of our congregation.
Community Members
CHAIR - Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Joette Anderson Faye Hedrick
Max Horovitz
Lenny Maiman
Greg Arnold Brad Herbst
Len Lipkin
Marco Rand
Lisa Cohen Aaron Holzer
Etta Fialkow
Len Magid
Harry Shmunes
Robin Shorstein
HOUSE COMMITTEE
The House Committee is profoundly thankful for the infusion of capital from Beth Shalom Congregation that has
financed our Building Fund, and for the service of Simon Schuster leading the efforts of the committee for the
past year. The Committee has been busy continuing on the trajectory set last year, tackling a long list of deferred
maintenance projects to modernize our Synagogue and beautify the grounds.
Broadly, the committee will push forward on three fronts during the next year: Security, as we adapt to the
ever-changing threat landscape, providing a safe environment for our congregants without compromising the
welcoming openness that characterizes our community; Financial Well-Being, ensuring that the maintenance of
our spiritual home can continue for generations to come; and Consensus, endeavoring to improve our facilities in
the manner that best suits the greatest number of our community.
Our members can expect the new year to include comprehensive financial planning for long-term synagogue
maintenance and improvements, continuing facility improvements to the school and common meeting areas,
expansion plans for the New Center Cemetery, and continues upgrades of the landscape and hardscape around
our Crown Point property.
Brent Ganey
Dave Vandiver
Philip Bloom
Committee Members
CHAIR - Tyler Curl STAFF LIAISON - Gil Kleiner
Howard Wolpoff
Ken Hilbert
29
