\r— Committees & Organizations —4
SOCIAL ACTION
Reach out and touch someone. Feed someone. Clothe someone.
This is part of what Social Action has been about the past year.
We continue to collect food for the JFCS Pantry and hope that our members will continue to buy a few extra
staples to donate when at the grocery store. A few extra cans of food a week will help feed a family.
We have also helped JFCS with their personal product pantry needs and did a 6 week drive for dental products
in particular. We are thankful to all of you who brought toothbrushes, toothpaste and floss to donate. We hope that
these items have put smiles on many of those who depend on JFCS for their basic needs.
We are currently helping with a “kids closet” at JFCS and will have a permanent collection bin for new and
gently used clothing from newborn sizes to size 14 for both boys and girls. New undies are especially important
and will continue to be the most needed items in the closet.
We have donated magazines and books to many local facilities and set up a library at the new Helen’s House,
the residential facility for Brooks Rehab. This new facility houses families of those who are in long term rehab
at Brooks. This residential facility is run by Gabriel House, a home that also houses families of Mayo Clinic
patients. They are always looking for volunteers to prepare meals, which remains the biggest need in both of these
facilities as well as Ronald McDonald House. Those people who are here in Jacksonville for medical treatment
are able to have the support of family nearby at reasonable rates at these three facilities. All have slightly different
requirements for meal preparation and need our help year around.
We continue to collect the tabs from aluminum cans for Ronald McDonald House, which are cashed in and
offset some of their expenses. These tiny tabs really do add up and help. There are collection containers in the front
office of the Center and in Margo’s Catering. Please remember to remove the tabs before recycling your drink cans.
Our visit to the Sulzbacher Center the third Sunday of every other month is always in need of helpers. We prepare
and serve the less fortunate population here in Jacksonville. Sulzbacher Center feeds the homeless of our community
three times a day and ALWAYS needs help doing so. They are also collecting furnishings for those families who
will be moved into more permanent housing. Right now they are in need of twin size linens. Please Donate New or
Gently Used: • Twin sized sheets and Plastic Mattress Covers • Pillow Cases • Blankets • Pillows. There will be a
bin in our new Donation Station, in the hall space by the Center’s main bathrooms, to collect these items.
Our community Center/Temple Mitzvah Day was very successful again this year. We once again prepared and
delivered more than 500 Meals On Wheels. We also baked, packaged and delivered thousands of cookies for first
responders. We also cooked and served Christmas dinner to veterans at Five Star Veterans Center, Gabriel House,
Helen’s House, Sulzbacher Center and Ronald McDonald House. We served more than 1,000 people that day with
more than just food, but with friendship and a caring smiles too.
Help us to continue to do mitzvot and help our Jacksonville neighbors, many who depend on us for their food
and clothing and a roof over their heads.
For more information and to help on this committee, please contact Rhoda Goldstein at rhodagoldstein@
hotmail.com.
CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Hazzan Jesse Holzer
33
