Special Events
SULAM STRATEGIC PLANNING BEGINS
We are excited to share the important framework that has been established to begin the Sulam Strategic Planning
process at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In our initial letter, we informed you of the wonderful partnership
we have with United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism (USCJ) and Bob Leventhal. Bob has worked with
hundreds of congregations over the past 17 years and designed the Sulam program.
Bob came to the Jacksonville Jewish Center earlier this year on April 18-19 to work with the Strategic
Planning Steering Committee, the JJC Board of Directors, clergy, staff, and congregants willing to serve as
facilitators. The working sessions were extremely informative and included a concise plan for the process over
the next 12-15 months.
The Sulam co-chairs are Debby Kaye and Lois Chepenik. They will regularly report on the progress and
development of our strategic plan to our Board of Directors. The Steering Committee (listed below) is broken
into three teams; communications and writing, mission/vision, and data gathering. The Facilitators will organize
and lead Community Conversations (described below) and will forward the information they gather to the
Steering Committee.
While these members are involved to guide this process to fruition, we cannot be successful without your
participation and input. The more voices we have, the more we can ensure a realistic plan for the future of our
congregation.
There are two ways you can participate, each incredibly helpful:
1. Community Conversations
We have begun rolling out Community Conversations (CoCos), similar to parlor meetings, over
the past months. These will continue and mainly take place in congregants’ homes. We hope that
you will choose to attend a community conversation and let us know if you would like to host
one at your home, office, community clubhouse, or the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
2. Congregational Survey
In early August you were invited to participate in an online congregational survey. We strongly
encourage you to complete the survey. This data, along with the information received from
Community Conversations, will be essential to developing a strategic plan representative of our
congregation.
If you have any questions or would like more information, please contact one of our co-chairs, Debby Kaye
(deborahmkaye@gmail.com) or Lois Chepenik (lchepenik@comcast.net).
STEERING COMMITTEE
COMMUNITY CONVERSATION FACILITATORS
Lois Chepenik
Debby Kaye
Gayle Bailys
Gaby Bubis
Danielle Berke
Tracy Hilbert
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Bruce Horovitz
Gil Kleiner
Whitney Kuvin
Christina Levine
Sue Levine
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Jay Plotkin
Shari Shuman
Brent Trager
Gayle Bailys
Debbie Banks
Gaby Bubis
Lois Chepenik
Kim Glasgal
Melissa Gross Arnold
Debby Kaye
Whitney Kuvin
Kim Millrood
Elyse Whitman
Barbara Schneider
Brent Trager
Sara Werner
Ex-officio:
Clergy/Staff:
Rabbi Shira Rosenblum
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Tracy Hilbert
Gil Kleiner
Danielle Berke
68
