Special Events
LATKES VS HAMANTASCHEN
Team Latke: Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner (C), Claudia Baker Esq., Scotty Schwartz
Team Hamantaschen: Gayle Bailys (C), Danielle Fetner, Dan Wohl
The Latke Hamantash Debate has been a University of Chicago tradition since 1946. It started with two professors
and a Hillel director who worried that their Jewish students felt alienated in the midst of the American celebration
of Christmas. Every year since then, dedicated Hillel directors, with the support of the University, have held
the debate. And every year, distinguished participants hold forth on the merits and significance of latkes and
hamantashen. In honor of this tradition, the Jacksonville Jewish Center held its own debate on the evening of
Purim, as past latke frying champion and Jack F. Shorstein Rabbinic Chair Jonathan Lubliner led the Latke team
against Gayle Baily’s Hamantaschen crew. A huge thank you to both teams for their research and ruach. Just one
of the many highlights were the creative biographies written by our participants. Here’s a sampling:
For Chef Schwartz his love of latkes started on the first night of Hanukkah in 1975. He opened a present
containing what would become his lifelong friend and muse, Mr. Potato Head he named Big Papa. Throughout
his childhood Big Papa shared Schwartz’s love of cooking and would often sit with Schwartz watching his bubbe
fry latkes. Schwartz realized that his love of cooking was his life’s calling so he and Big Papa set out to study
the culinary arts and find the perfect latke. Schwartz worked in France and learned to make the famed Pommes
Darphin. From France he and Big Papa worked in Italy seeking the perfect frittelle di patate. From there they
traveled to Switzerland to eat the legendary Rosti.
Daniel L. Wohl, MD, FACS, FAAP, FACTOID - After completing Medical School and Residency, Dr. Wohl
embarked upon a lifelong exploration of human taste and olfactory (sense of smell) evolution. During his
fellowship training, he advanced the theory that the Passover Hillel Sandwich, which combines texture and
multiple taste sensations in one bite, was an example of the human psyche searching for spiritual enlightenment
through kinetic (movement) and somatosensory (whole body sensation) activation. He subsequently published
the landmark paper, “On the exploration of multi-sensory stimulation in gustatory intake”, which made him an
overnight sensation in the field of Alimentary Sensory Integration. He became a Fellow of the American College
of Taste and Olfaction Integrative Doctors (FACTOID), and was instrumental in the founding of the National
Organization for Sensory Evolution (NOSE). Dr. Wohl encourages all people, of all backgrounds, to share their
stories of multi-textural, multi-sensory eating experiences.
76
