Special Events & Recognitions H
MINYANNAIRESSHABBAT
Minyannaire Shabbat has become a very special day
on the calendar at the Center. Not only have we, as
a congregation, been able to express our appreciation
for our Minyannaires - those who attend weekday
and Shabbat afternoon services each day on a regular
basis - but also to honor one individual who has shown
significant dedication to our daily Minyan.
This year, we proudly honored Herb Plotkin, a
Minyan attendee for well over 60 years! Herb grew up
in an observant household in Brooklyn, NY where his
father taught him that when you have two coins in your
pocket, you need to give one to someone less fortunate.
His father was a Minyan attendee at their synagogue
and instilled in Herb the importance and dedication of
playing a role in your community.
Herb and his brother used to hang out at the
neighborhood candy store where Meyer Lansky and the
Murder, Inc. crew presided over their business in the
back room. The family made the decision to move
to Baltimore just prior to Herb’s Bar Mitzvah, to make
sure that he and his brother did not grow up to become
gangsters.
He eventually made his way to Jacksonville where he opened his Pharmacy, met Rose Lynn, a beloved
former MJGDS teacher, and raised their three children. They will celebrate their 61 st wedding anniversary
at the end of December. "When there is a Minyan and someone is saying kaddish you have to be there as a
means of respect. You need to be a part of the community not only in spirit but in body also” Herb shared.
“To me, it was always a sense of caring when you could express your condolences to someone who had
recently suffered a loss and make them feel at home within
the Minyan.”
Herb took on the role of Minyan captain in the late
1980’s assuming the leadership for Tuesday mornings. He
eventually stepped aside almost 20 years later. He remains a
regular weekly attendee of the Friday morning Minyan.
Herb was honored and celebrated on Shabbat morning,
March 3,2018.
71
