DuBow Preschool and
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION
Why Choose DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Over
Other Options?
DuBow Preschool holds the highest accreditation from Guiding Stars of
Duval. Martin J. Gottlieb Day School holds accreditation from the Florida
Council of Independent Schools and is a member of the National Association
of Independent Schools. These two groups, which include both secular and
religious institutions, hold us to the highest standards for education. It is with
tremendous confidence that I can say our students get just as much or more
than students at non-religious schools in the area of secular academics. Our
research based, best practices curriculum leads us to have students headed to
the most selective schools for high school including Stanton, Paxon, Mandarin
AICE, Bolles, and St. John’s Country Day. Many of our students graduate
having already achieved high school credits in both foreign language and math
At our schools, the children live in a fully immersive world, which is what they will face in the jobs
in their future. The teachers are beginning an intelligent redesign of our curriculum, asking themselves (1)
why they teach the material, (2) how they can teach in a way that puts depth of content first, (3) how is it
integrative of multiple subjects, and (4) how it is adaptive to varied types of learners. In each grade level,
we strive to ensure children are growing the following skills: oral communication, written communication,
critical thinking, collaboration, quantitative reasoning, information literacy, idea integration, and intercultural
competence. By looking for opportunities to combine subjects through STEAM incorporated with Judaics or
character education (Jewish values) with personal narrative writings, students do not experience learning in
silos. Through a progressive slant on early childhood education, we prioritize exploration, play, and experiential
learning. As children grow older, differentiation of academic needs is found through project-based learning
experiences. Interestingly, we are finding a large number of families are interested in our program due to the
dual language approach. Learning a language with another alphabet, research shows, stretches the capacity
of the brain. Text study, in a foreign language, prepares students for drawing connections and deep-dives into
content that few students experience before college.
1 am excited about the work we are doing to ensure excellence in education across all ages and grade
levels. We have tremendous momentum and opportunities in the year to come through newly received grants
that will allow our students to gain even more through their learning. I look forward to hearing from you and
sharing our schools with you!
From my family to yours, Shana Tova U’mituka,
Raquel Scharf-Anderson, Proud Head of Schools
Raquel Scharf-Anderson
Head of Schools
(Algebra and Geometry).
