Shalom and Shanah Tovah!
As the Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s VP of Education, it is
an honor to serve Jacksonville’s
Jewish community. A lot has been
accomplished during this past year
and we are excited to continue our
positive momentum into the future.
The members of the Galinsky
Academy Cabinet are proud of the
work we do together and remain committed to the success of our
schools.
I recently heard someone say that providing our children with
a Jewish education is “sacred work”. Those who call Jacksonville
home come together to make this an effective community. We are
a community which values Jewish education and a community that will do what it takes to ensure this “sacred
work” continues.
II
I This past year a significant effort was made to expand the reach of our schools. We are building bridges
to ensure every Jewish family is aware of our educational offerings and is welcomed into our tent with a smile.
Our strategy of outreach to the larger Jewish community for students is helping us grow. Enrollment for both
our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and our DuBow Preschool was up for the 2017/2018 school year and we are
{expecting continued growth for next year.
Our goals for outreach don’t stop at new students. During this past year a significant effort was made to
(attract new donors to our annual L’Dor V’Dor campaign. We believe our schools nurture leaders for the entire
community of tomorrow. That awareness has helped us attract new donors, both Jewish and non-Jewish alike. A
special thank you to our volunteer leaders of the 2018 L’Dor V’Dor event. Kim Glasgal, Faye Hedrick, Andrea
Mail and Haley Trager worked tirelessly to put on a heartwarming celebration honoring the DuBow Family
I and JFCS. Our volunteers are supported by an amazing professional staff which we are lucky to have. This
fundraiser is a critical piece of our operational budget and is a great show of support, by this community, for the
(work we do.
Comprised of the DuBow Preschool, the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School, the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, and Setzer Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy teaches our kids to respect themselves and
¡others. They learn about and perform Mitzvot. We teach about the rich history and customs of the Jewish people
as we celebrate Shabbat and the Chaggim. Our next generation honors and rejoices with a love for G-d through
Tefillah. The schools of the Galinsky Academy help each family create a proud Jewish identity for a lifetime.
We are truly a family of families, and a community of learners. It takes a village to raise a child and
our children grow up to be advocates for Israel, philanthropists, entrepreneurs, doctors, teachers, lawyers, and
engaged Jewish adults. Our kids will lead our people and the communities in which they live into a bright future.
We need our entire village to care about and serve this cause. I ask that you please support this “sacred work”
by making Jacksonville’s Jewish Education worthy of a spot at the top of your philanthropic initiatives. We need
everyone to help ensure Jewish Education in Jacksonville can do more than just survive. Together, we can thrive!
Sincerely,
Brent Trager
Galinsky Academy, VP of Education
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
