DuBow Preschool and
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A COMMUNITY OF LEARNING
Shana Tova! We want to share with you what makes DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb exceptional.
An exceptional school is one that is comprised of students, parents, faculty, and board members who love
learning and are committed to the mission of the school. The mission of our schools puts the academic,
social, and emotional needs of children first. Our schools value critical thinking and allows students to
become globally responsible citizens. Our schools lead with a mission that nurtures the individual and
allows each student to reach their full potential, academically and personally.
An exceptional school creates a trusting community between all stakeholders. With regard to faculty,
each teacher needs to be involved with decision making. Teachers need to have the opportunity to give
their input, which allows for the successful implementation of both policy and practice. It is crucial for
educators to continue to learn and grow through professional development.
Parents play a pivotal role in an exceptional school. Establishing a structure that allows parents to
express their needs and concerns promotes a respectful environment for learning. Communication between
the school and parents is key for parents to be connected with their child’s education. Offering parents
opportunities to be on the school campus and involved in the programs of the school is also essential.
We believe an exceptional school places the student’s needs first. A great academic program strives
to give students the tools to become independent learners. A successful program values varied learning
styles and looks for ways to be inclusive of different types of learners - visual, auditory, or tactile, as
examples. It has an integrated curriculum that exposes students to links between subjects, allows for more
critical thinking, and prepares 21st century learners. An excellent school holds children accountable for
great work and behavior with consequences that are both appropriate and meaningful. An exceptional
school recognizes the importance of technology and is prepared to integrate it with learning. Finally,
an exceptional school values the development of each student, encouraging their learning and helping
them find success.
Come visit DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. You will see for yourself what
makes our schools exceptional!
Shana Tova U’mituka,
Raquel Scharf-Anderson
Proud Head of Schools
Edith Horovitz
Asst. Head of Schools
Karin S. Hallett
Asst. Head of Schools
Liat Walker
Judaic Studies Supervision
Arlene Yegelwel
Lower School Supervision
I
mmmmtKBSKSSSSM
' '' " - - — ' — - - - - • 1
!
108
