Camp Ki To
ANOTHER SUCCESSFUL SUMMER
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Camp Ki Tov, Summer 2018, was full of fun!! With brand new
opportunities our registration was overflowing from the start! We had
y HIP some new faces on staff eager to meet their campers, plus familiar
r • f faces eager to say hello again! This summer with our brand new
themes, a few field trips off site and visitor’s onsite, campers enjoyed
using our 34-acre property to enjoy their summer. We enjoyed mad
science with Mrs. Susan during the start of our summer and we ended
our summer with some specialty weeks! We put on our very own Theater Production, we had
an entire week of Color War fun, we cooked around the World and we even dove into the Lego
theme. We enjoyed spending our Friday afternoon’s together welcoming the Sabbath by having
our very own Kabbalat Shabbat. Our camper’s helped to lead our service with prayers, songs, a
story and the Kiddush. Our L.I.T. program brought in lots of help for our growing cabins. Our L.I.T.’s had lots of
fun learning leadership skills and making friendships while working with campers and other counselors!
Each day cabin’s competed with spirit and pride to win the beloved ‘spirit stick.’ We had the privilege of
hosting counselors from Israel at Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought to our
camp! As usual, we also had a great time at our annual Camp Ki Tov overnight!! There was special nighttime
swimming, flashlight games, Counselor-Hide-And-Seek, plus a sweet treat to round out the night!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and we were more than
successful! Many thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy, and to the loving parents. A big
shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who dedicated their summer to making memories for
our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy, and happy year. We look forward to creating more friendships with your children
during summer 2019 at Camp Ki Tov!!!
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
122
