Galinsky Academy
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The Galinsky Academy PTA is incredibly proud of the 2017-2018
school year and all of the exciting programming that provided
an enhanced sense of community and true engagement for all of
our students and families. The PTA is also sincerely delighted to
have been able to make significant monetary gifts to the Galinsky
Academy and the Jacksonville Jewish Center to improve the
curriculum, including a donation to L’Dor V’Dor. Smaller, but
noteworthy, contributions made by the PTA included subsidies for several successful community events, as well as
purchases for individual schools and classrooms in order to further enrich our students’ learning experience.
As we welcome everyone to the 2018-2019 school year, the Galinsky Academy PTA is looking forward to
sharing a collection of fun-filled activities and programs while maintaining our generous support for our schools.
This year, with much thought placed in our programming, we will pursue a focus on community and discovering
: Jewish identity by revisiting some of the traditional opportunities, as well as exploring new ones to help the
Galinsky Academy to grow.
We continue our efforts to enrich community support by working hand-in-hand with the school staff and
leadership team to provide the greatest learning and teaching experience at the Galinsky Academy. Moving forward,
we strive for this “partnership” to provide positive energy towards reaching a common goal for our schools.
Galinsky Academy PTA encourages partnership and teamwork all year long for every member. We hope to
grow with our members as we welcome their shared resourcefulness and efforts with the variety of projects we
have in store for this year. No matter the skill or talent, and whatever the reason, the role for support can be as little
or as much time that can be afforded. Being involved to make Galinsky Academy a better place for all can truly be
a rewarding experience.
Come together, make new connections. Be the Light.
PTA Officers
Rachel Brodsky - PTA President
Emily Spector - Vice President
Jodi Weil - Treasurer
Tracy Hilbert - Secretary
Faye Hedrick - Preschool &
Religious School Liaison
123
