Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Bernard & Alice
SELEVAN
RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
Our Religious School family is made up of our nurturing
and creative staff, bright and enthusiastic students, and
daily interaction with our caring clergy. We have a
curriculum filled with meaningful Jewish experiences,
engaging every child through music, stories, art, and
games. 21st Century learning as well as traditional
classroom study provides structure and allows us to
challenge students of all levels and abilities, as we
continue to learn from each other. The smiles on the
children’s faces at the beginning and the end of each
day tell our story!
This year, we updated our middle school curriculum, concentrating on the
connections of mitzvot, our history, and Israel to our modern lives, and building
a Jewish “toolbox” for our graduates to keep and use as young, Jewish adults in
the future. Our inclusive family programs allowed for parent involvement and
instruction, and we continued to use our Online Learning Center, which allows
students to practice reading and prayer skills at home. Next year, we will expand
our use of technology-based learning with a new Tek-lab opportunity. We also
have already planned “Bring-Your-Parent-To-Class” days, and individualized tefillah (prayer) challenges will
be added to our very popular “Mensch Money” incentive program.
Our program encompasses Kindergarten through 7th grade. K and 1 attend on Sundays mornings only,
while older students add Wednesday afternoon classes to allow us to intensify and expand our Hebrew skills.
Special needs professionals and small-group tutors are available to be sure that each child is challenged and
allowed to move at their own pace.
We pride ourselves on our healthy blend of traditional and modern methods. The 2018-2019 school year
promises to include even more innovative and exciting changes as we constantly strive to keep our students
stimulated and excited about their Jewish education journey.
Lois Tompkins
Director
Amy and Don Levinson
Chairs
Wishing you a sweet and healthy new year: L ’shana Tovah Umetuka!
Lois B. Tompkins
Staff: Moshe Benkandil, Hanna Bendit, Ashley Brown, Audrey Goldberg, Marty Goldmintz,
Amit Homsky, Adva Kiel, Hannah Lee, Karen Morse, David Schmerer, Alec Tompkins, and
Dana VanWinkle. Jennifer Carson is the assistant, Lois Tompkins is the Principal.
Clergy is Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum, and Hazzan Jesse Holzer.
“ :: '
124
