Setzer Youth Education
~i*
SETZER
YOUTH EDUCATION
Setzer Youth Education is the department of the Galinsky
Academy that is home to our youth group programming.
We engage with students from 4th - 12th grade, giving
them experiences designed to build friendships and create
memories with their peers. The beauty of our experiential
program is that it provides a safe, fun environment that
allows our youth to develop and strengthen their Jewish
identities as well as their commitment to the Jewish
community here in Jacksonville and around the world-
all while having fun!
In Chalutzim (4th and 5th grade) the primary focus is to build bridges and
foster friendships that extend beyond the walls of the Day School and Religious
School.This builds so that in Kadima(6th-8th grade) students take more initiative
and are taught about the leadership it requires to run their chapter. By the time
they reach USY (9th-12th grade), the students take over, putting their leadership
skills into practice.
The department had some big wins this year. Our membership increased by 40 percent, with steady
attendance in all youth groups throughout the year. We employed an awesome staff of advisors—young
professionals who served as Jewish role models for the kids. We stayed up all night hosting USY’s Mercaz
Schmoozefest and took 51 kids to Yom Universal and back.
Being Jewish should be fun, and it’s our goal to prove that to our youth —after all, they are the next
generation of Jewish leaders! We need them engaged in and fulfilled by Jewish life now, so that it’s something
they effortlessly carry with them throughout all stages of life. Whether you find joy in Judaism by roller
skating, free-style rapping, playing “Capture the Flag,” going to conventions, dancing at an Ugly Hanukkah
Sweater Party at the Coves, or welcoming the new week with Havdallah and a bonfire in the parking lot (this
happened multiple times this year!)...There’s never a dull moment in our youth groups.
We hope you’ll join us and get in on the fun this year. ShanaTovah u'Metukah from the Youth Department!
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
Gabrielle Magid
Youth Director
The Youth Commission oversees all youth programs
sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, and Scouts. The committee
includes the USY president(s), congregants, the youth
director, and second rabbi. The Youth Commission’s
vision is to inspire youth to embrace being Jewish
and joyfully engage with the community. The Youth
Commission’s mission is to provide opportunities for
youth to deepen their experience of Judaism, grow lasting
friendships, and learn menschlichkeit (kindness, integrity,
honor, compassion) through community service, prayer,
sports, arts, leadership training, and nature.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups,
the Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to
attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as
Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar
in Israel and USY Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome
fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers
from all over the United States and Canada. The
Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of
scholarships.
COMMITTEE
CHAIR
Mauri Mizrahi
STAFF LIAISONS - Gabrielle Magid
and Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosen hi um
Allan Andrew
Hilary Rotenberg
Alison Trager
Lisa Ross
Alyse Nathans
Lisa Wolfson
Beth Wolpoff
Marla Rosin-Borrousch
Brent Trager
Marte Wasserman
Brian Bell
Maura Silverstein
Carrie Bielski
Melissa Miller
Christina Levine
Nancy Davis
Claudia Margolis
Naomi Herman
Dari Ben-Naim
Pamela Lewis
Dan Jaffa
Perrin Rubin
Dave Bielski
Rebekah Selevan
Debbie Goldstein
Sara Widens
Debby Kaye
Stacy Leach
Faye Mizrahi
Yakov Feig
Gayle Bailys
128
