===== PAGE 1 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Yearbook
I
! 2018-2019 5779
-^VOVMy
-
===== PAGE 2 =====
4 ? MUGWUMP
PRODUCTIONS
EVENT DÉCOR & DESIGN
BAR/BAT MITZVAHS | THEMED EVENTS | 3D PROPS | WEDDINGS
CASINO PARTIES | EVENT FURNITURE | FLORAL | AUDIO VISUAL | LIGHTING
DESIGN DETA
with a fresh perspective
with a focus on service
904.398.9971 | MUGWUMPPRODUCTIONS.COM | INFO@MUGWUMPPRODUCTIONS.COM
===== PAGE 3 =====
the missing p
4*
*
*
«4f¿*
ACKERMAN
CANCER CENTER
Ackerman Cancer Puzzle.com
San Jose Bivd &. 1-295
904-880-5522
Wishing you and your family a happy,
peaceful and healthy year ahead.
Each lifetime is the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.
For some there are more pieces.
For others the puzzle is more difficult to assemble.
Some seem to be born with a nearly completed puzzle.
And so it goes.
Souls going this way and that.
Trying to assemble the myriad parts.
And when you present your piece
Which is worthless to you,
To another, whether you know it or not,
Whether they know it or not,
You are a messenger from the Most High
(Kushner 1977, 69-70).
But know this. No one has within themselves
All the pieces to their puzzle.
Like before the days when they used to seal
jigsaw puzzles in cellophane. Insuring that
All the pieces were there.
Everyone carries with them at least one and probably
Many pieces to someone else's puzzle.
Sometimes they know it.
Sometimes they don't.
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
COME VISIT OUR
¡llfciilil
tERlCAiNll
ÍEXbRF^
DR. PATRICK WEAVER
JULINGTON CREEK OFFICE • 112-203 BARTRAM OAKS WALK • ST JOHNS. FL 32259
ORANGE PARK OFFICE • 1584-1 KINGSLEY AVENUE • ORANGE PARK. FL 32073
$gg£
2
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
of Contents
Tracy Hilbert
Yearbook & Advertising Editor
This year’s cover is a piece of art created
by Ricki Dayan. Ricki is a native Israeli that
transforms her love of Israel and Judaism into
creative masterpieces from the heart. Ricki
donated the image of this painting in honor of
Natalie and Joey Dayan and their children Eli,
Simon, Ben, and Nicole in gratitude for the
kindness and sense of community shown to
them by the Jacksonville Jewish Center during
their time in Jacksonville.
To Our Advertisers: We extend our
gratitude, not only for making this publication
possible, but also for the support you lend to
our many activities. We urge our members to
reciprocate with their patronage.
Claims of Kashrut made by advertisers unassociated
with the synagogue are neither verified nor endorsed by the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904-292-1000 • www.jjcjax.org
email: info@jaxjewishcenter.org
This yearbook is for informational purposes. It is not
intended to be a roster of The Center membership.
PROFESSIONAL AND LAY LEADERSHIP
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message
Rabbi Rosenblum’s Message
Hazzan Holzer’s Message
.5
.7
.9
Executive Director’s Message 11
Center Personnel 13
Memorial of David Wolinsky 15
Memorial of Judith Reppert 17
President’s Message 19
Synagogue Board & Past Presidents 20-23
JJC & GALINSKY ACADEMY PHONE DIRECTORY... 141
SYNAGOGUE ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMITTEES
Membership Committee 25
Adult Education Committee 27
Religious Life Committee 29
House Committee 29
Hesed Committee 31
Social Action 33
Programming Committee 34
Social Justice 35
JJC Futures 37
Center Cemeteries/Hevra Kaddisha 39
Sisterhood 41
Men’s Club 43
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 45-51
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 53-59
Weddings 61-63
Dearly Departed 65
JEWISH HOLIDAY CALENDAR 67
SYNAGOGUE SPECIAL EVENTS & RECOGNITION... 68 -78
GREETINGS 79-102
GALINSKY ACADEMY 103-105, 123
DuBow Preschool & 106-122
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School 124-127
Setzer Youth Education 128-139
COMMUNITY/SYNAGOGUE PHONE DIRECTORY... 140-141
DIRECTORY OF MEMBERS 143-192
MEMORIALS 193-224
3
===== PAGE 6 =====
VEGETARIAN AND DAIRY RESTAURANT
"Always Fresh, Always Unique, Always Kosher"
12276 San Jose Blvd, # 709
Jacksonville, FL 32223
(904)337-1159
Strictly Kosher, Cholov Yisroel and Pas Yisroel
Under Supervision of Gesher K Inc. (Etz Chaim Synagogue) and Chabad of Jacksonville
Sabra Cafe, a Strictly Kosher, Vegetarian Restaurant has many Vegan options.
Sabra Cafe is proud to feature the gourmet cuisine of Chef Oren Gahanian.
All of the food prepared at Sabra Cafe is cooked to order from fresh, wholesome ingredients.
Unique Salads • Fresh Pasta • Custom Paninis
Hand Crafted Sandwiches • Mouth Watering Entrees
4
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 7 =====
>-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner-4
JEWISH DESTINY BEYOND “23 AND ME”
Seconds ago I hit the send button on my computer to purchase a genetic analysis kit
from 23andMe, a biotech company that identifies one’s ethnic and regional background
through chromosomal testing. For many months I’ve listened to the stories of friends and
colleagues who have been startled by the discovery of unexpected genetic strands in their
DNA. How does an Ashkenazi Jew with no converts as far as she can remember end up
being 1% Laplander? How does another person of similar background explain a gene pool
that includes 3% East Asian and 2% West African genes? That science doesn’t lie only
deepens a mystery that stretches beyond the limits of most family trees and memories.
At a religious level there is an important lesson here: all of us wear a coat of many
genetic colors. Long before we knew about DNA, the rabbis insisted that all human beings
share a common origin: “A single human being was created in the world ... so that none
should to another, ‘My ancestry is greater than your ancestry’; and to teach the greatness
of the Holy Blessed One, for a person stamps many coins with one seal and they are all
identical, but the Sovereign of all sovereigns has stamped every person with the seal of the
first human being, yet not one of them is like another” (Mishnah Sanhedrin 4:5). The sages
of the Talmud could see the different complexions and facial futures possessed by human
beings, yet still maintained that we come from the same roots. The genetic potpourri which
constitutes the DNA of so many of us is a scientific affirmation of a religious truth long-
known by Judaism.
Simultaneously, however, Judaism upholds Jewish uniqueness and the role we have to play as a distinct and separate
people. In the Aleinu, a prayer originally written for the High Holy Day liturgy and now recited three times daily at the close
of each service, we chant: “It is our duty to praise the Master of all, to ascribe greatness to the Creator, for God has made
our lot unlike that of other peoples, assigning to us a unique destiny.” When a person is called to the Torah s/he recites this
blessing: “Praised are You . . . who has chosen us from among all peoples by giving us the Torah.” There are numerous
similar statements throughout our sacred literature and liturgy.
This sentiment is not one of superiority to others, God forbid, but emanates from the deep-seated belief that Jews
have a distinct role in history to play. That we have survived as a people against all odds, and that ours is the faith that
gave birth to monotheism world-wide are concomitants of this. To thrive -not to mention survive - we must preserve the
unique character of Jewish identity - even as we insist that each and every human being is created in the Divine Image and
deserving of respect.
A new term in the lingo of the business world is “disruption.” It is used to describe a process that literally uproots and
changes how we think, behave, do business, and go about our day-to-day business. In a society that glorifies the melting pot,
it is positively disruptive and daringly counter-cultural to espouse a message that is both possible and necessary to love our
neighbors while consciously choosing to be different and set apart as a people. That’s why Tikkun Olam, the repair of our
fractured world through acts of compassion and loving kindness, while absolutely vital to Judaism . . . isn’t likely by itself
to ensure the preservation of Jewish peoplehood. Sure, I am commanded to feed the hungry because I am Jewish, but if
my Jewish identity is comprised solely of those activities performed by all people of good will throughout the world, what,
then, truly makes me different? As .002% of the world’s population, if the mainstay of Jewish education and engagement
is doing what everyone else does, the unique contours of Jewish peoplehood will get lost.
As Conservative Jews, above and beyond Tikkun Olam, we need to lovingly and enthusiastically emphasize those
precepts that create a distinctly Jewish identity: including mitzvot like Kashrut, Shabbat, Tallit, Tefillin, Mezuzah, and the
observance of Jewish holidays such as Sukkot and Pesah - especially at home. We must also continue to view Hebrew as
the linguistic glue of Jewish identity, and seek new ways to draw closer to Israel as our homeland. We must not only teach
the mechanics of such observances, but joyously inculcate our children with their potential to
create distinctly Jewish lives - not in conflict with their secular selves, but above and beyond
them. Without this, being different is more likely to become an unfortunate or irrelevant
burden, not a precious gift.
To be Jewish is to be different It is a trust, a challenge, a destiny. It is what we have
always been and what we need to be.
May this New Year of 5779 inspire us to embrace ourselves more passionately, so that
we may embrace others with greater understanding and empathy. Susan, Avichai, Elior and
Itamar join me in wishing you a New Year of health, blessing, and meaning.
Shanah Tovah Tikatevu u Tehatemu,
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
L' Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace
Health and Happiness be yours
throughout the Hew Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Sam Rogozinski, C.0.0.
(904) 733-3529
www.rogozinskiortho.com
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 9 =====
I*~A Message from Rabbi Rosenblum H
FINDING “BALANCE” IN THE NEW YEAR
As a kid, I always loved climbing and spending time outdoors. I rode my bike,
swung from the monkey bars and, as I got older, visited some of the most
beautiful places across our magnificent country. I traveled to the Grand Canyon
and the Painted Desert with USY on Wheels, and Bryce and Zion National Parks
with my mother in the Summer of 2015.1 even climbed the Flatirons in Boulder,
CO, on one of my days off while working at Camp Ramah in the Rockies.
Since moving to Jacksonville, I haven’t seen many mountains or canyons
so I decided to venture out once again to experience the wonders of the natural
world. At the end of June, I traveled to Colorado with my mother, aunt and
grandmother for a short vacation. One of our first stops was to the area known
as Garden of the Gods, a beautiful public park nestled in the heart of Colorado
Springs. The main attractions of the park are the natural red rock formations that have each been given
unique names based on their appearance. Visitors can bike, hike or drive through the park to see the amazing
geological structures. One of my favorites is a massive boulder called “Balanced Rock” which seems to
simply hover on the surface of the mountain below it.
In thinking back on the year which is coming to a close, and the new year which will soon commence, I
am reminded of that seemingly precarious rock formation. We are all balancing on the edge between past and
future; looking forward to what lies ahead, while trying to make amends for any missteps or shortcomings
from the previous year. Whether faced with life-changing decisions like where to live or what job to accept,
or everyday choices such as what to eat or wear, we must think of ourselves as a “balanced rock,” steady and
grounded, ready to take on the world.
These rock formations have been around for millions of years and continue to withstand the passage of
time despite the high volume of visitors each year. They offer inspiration that we can overcome whatever life
throws in our direction and encourage us to persevere, regardless of what may come our way. My wish for
us all is that 5779 brings an increased sense of stability, and that we can strive to balance ourselves and our
loved ones each and every day.
Shana Tova u ’Metuka,
Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum
===== PAGE 10 =====
When buying and selling
a property, you are
working with one of the
largest assets in your
portfolio.
Lets talk about your buying or selling needs!
Take a picture of my
information!
954-802-1305
Alan.Levinson@
RoundTableRealty.com
8
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 11 =====
A Message from the Hazzan —4
A SEASON OF GRATITUDE
Then Jacob awoke from his sleep and said, “Surely the LORD is in this place,
and I did not know it.”- Genesis 28:16
A few months ago, my family came as they often do for a ruach filled Shabbat
in the Round service. As both congregants and out of town guests were singing
a familiar melody, my older daughter leaned over to my wife and whispered, “I
hear God.” Maybe she heard God through the uplifting energy we all felt that
evening. Maybe she heard God through the power of communal celebration.
Or maybe, she heard God expressing gratitude for how we as a collective were
welcoming the Shabbat bride.
This was a summer of God talk, and it had nothing to do with Drake’s
summer hit, “God’s Plan.” A few weeks after that first remark, Rena chimed in
at bedtime, “God can hear everything I say,” after which she clarified, “When I
talk to my toys, God can hear.” While one could trivialize this as being an age of
exploration and innocence, of oversimplification, I would contend that there is a profound sense of clarity to
her statements. Her awareness of God as a central figure in our lives, a figure that has the realistic possibility
of being there for us, is something I hope my daughter clings to as she ages.
If you type “Thank you God” into Amazon’s search tool, you’ll find over a thousand books, a
disproportionate amount geared towards the early childhood sector. For kids, it’s easy to connect the good
things we have in life to expressing thanks to God who set it all in motion. As we age, our prescription for
rose colored glasses changes. Yet in each daily prayer service, we express moments of gratitude through the
word “Todah.” Our morning service begins with the words, Modeh ani lifanecha,“how grateful I am to stand
before God who has graciously returned my soul within me.” We thank God for the blessings of our life, even
if we are expressing loss and pain. As we express thanks to a greater force, we seek acknowledgement that
our message has been received. We want to hear God. And so my prayer for us in this season of renewal and
rebirth is that we hear God. We hear God through the power of a community that supports us in the highs and
lows and maybe most importantly, in the in-betweens; that we hear God in the acts of strangers and in our
own acts of selflessness and pure loving kindness; that we hear God in the sacred moments of ritual and the
sacred moments of the spontaneous.
Shema Yisrael, listen oh Israel, to the
power we all have to inspire. Then
we will wake up in the new year and
we will proclaim (with some poetic
license to Genesis 28:16): God was
in this place and I knew it, I felt
it, and I am grateful for it. Shana
tova, may this be a year of health,
happiness and gratitude for us all.
Hazzan Jesse, Leora, Rena
and Dafna Holzer
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
===== PAGE 12 =====
• Cosmetic dentistry
• Children's dentistry
• Advanced restorative
dentistry
• Emergency dentistry
• State of the art
technology
• Most major insurance
plans accepted
Call today and discover how
you can have that perfect smile
904-230-5537
106 Julington Plaza Drive, Suite #6 • Jacksonville, Florida 32259
WWW.JULINGTONDENTAL.COM
Karin Bodor, DMD
Jason Speigel, DMD
10
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 13 =====
§s— A Message from the Executive Director
PLANNING FOR OUR FUTURE
I
I
Throughout our lives we participate in many opportunities where we use our
ability to plan. We plan our celebrations, our vacations, our school year, our
schedules, and retirement among other life moments.
This is your opportunity as a member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
to be part of the planning for the foreseeable future of our synagogue and
for the Jewish community of Jacksonville. Our lay leadership along with the
JJC staff have been working diligently towards preparing the groundwork for
this imperative project. Today, every congregant will have the opportunity to
participate in our Strategic Planning process that began in early summer with the
assistance of the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism professional staff.
Planning for the next several years for the Jacksonville Jewish Center is
crucial in these changing times. Today’s synagogues are experiencing significant
Executive Director
shifts in the way the younger generations perceive their needs and association
with the synagogues that were created in previous generations. The generations that built the Jacksonville
Jewish Center are now handing over the reins to a new generation. Along with the lay leadership, we need to
adapt to the needs and wants of the senior generations along with modifying our ways of doing business to
meet the needs and wants of Generation X and the generations to come.
All of our members now have the opportunity to be part of this process; by being part of the community
conversation geared toward your personal interest or identification and by taking the online congregation
survey that will be concluding in early October. The community conversations are small groups of like minded
congregants that gather together to share information and opinions regarding how to make the JJC the best
it can become for the future. Along with the brief online survey, we will hopefully develop a comprehensive
picture of what course of actions should be taken to secure a strong and vibrant congregation for the future.
Once all of the data is collected and analyzed, tasks forces will be formed to implement changes that will
chart the course for our future.
The synagogue of tomorrow may look quite different from today, just as the synagogue of today looks
different than the synagogue of the early 1900’s that your great grandparents founded and attended.
Constructive and meaningful change can only happen with your participation and opinion.
We spend so much of our lives on planning our future. Shouldn’t we take time to plan for the future of our
spiritual home and plot tomorrow’s course for our
children? The decision is yours as to where we are
headed tomorrow and in the years to come for the
next generation.
Wishing you and your family a Healthy and
Happy 5779 and into the future.
Gilbert Kleiner, FSA Executive Director
11
===== PAGE 14 =====
«Ü# ©
RAMADA.
MANDARIN
The Pozin family invites you to be our guest
at our family owned & operated hotel.
We wish you health & happiness this year.
Bar / Bat Mitzvah Parties
Shabbat Dinners
Weddings / Receptions
Any Special Occastion
904.268.8080
WWW.JAXRAMADA.COM
1-295 & San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32257
12
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
Administrative Staff
Tracy Hilbert
Director of Operations
Betsy Hancock
Director of Finance
Lori Gerard
Accounting Department
Rose Tincher
Receptionist
Ivy Kfare
Marketing &
Communications Coordinator
Danielle Berke
Executive Assistant to the Clergy
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
Brent Ganey
Facilities Supervisor
The maintenance and
housekeeping staff work
diligently to keep our building
clean and presentable at all
times. Our staff is dedicated to
the care of all the physical needs
required by the many events
which take place throughout the
year. Volunteers, event planners
and Center staff appreciate
the special attention they
receive from the maintenance
department. The maintenance
staff offers invaluable support to
the members of our congregation.
Dave Vandiver
Chief of Security
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Your simcha is in good hands with
Margo’s. From planning to presentation,
you’ll appreciate the professional touches
that the catering staff brings to every event.
The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent, and the ambiance is
always inviting. Best of all, congregants can
count on Andrew and Catrina to be helpful,
friendly and reassuring. It’s a pleasure to
plan a party or congregational program at the
Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah,
wedding or other occasion, you can trust
Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
To learn more about menus and catering
options, go to Margo’s Catering’s website,
ww w.margoskoshercatering .com.
(Under the Kosher supervision of
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner)
Security Team
We are thrilled to have an
incredible security team under
the supervision of retired
Jacksonville police Sergeant,
Dave Vandiver. Our security
staff are here to keep watch
of the building and protect the
precious people within it. Please
make sure to say hello and
introduce yourself when you
see one of the security staff on
property.
13
===== PAGE 16 =====
29 South Third Street
Fernandina Beach, FL 32034
904-277-7919
w w w.29SouthRestaurant .com
947 Edgewood Ave. S.
Jacksonville FL 32205
904-619-0938
w w w.elj efej ax .com
14
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 17 =====
In Memory ~ David Wolinsky
David Bernard Wolinsky, z"l
1959-2018
On February 17th, our Ritual Director and B’nai Mitzvah Tutor, David Wolinsky, passed away
after a serious illness. David spent his lifetime pursuing his passion and commitment to Judaism.
Professionally, David served as a Cantor to several congregations, most recently at Agudath B’nai
Israel Synagogue in Lorain, Ohio, and Temple Am Shalom in Mentor, Ohio. David also served the
Jewish Community in Park Synagogue in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, in his role as Ritual Director
prior to his arrival in Jacksonville and the Center in 2015.
David loved nothing more than being a Jewish educator, providing pastoral care and support to
his congregants, his community and celebrating his faith through his music.
David is survived by two beautiful daughters, Shaina Wolinsky and Emma Wolinsky, and his
sister, Maya Herscowitz, of Akron, Ohio. They will remember David most fondly for his love of
music, animals and the Jewish Community to which he served.
As we remember David, we recall the fun way he taught Torah at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School and the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School. Through his work as our Ritual Director
and the skillful way he imparted Torah reading skills to our b’nai mitzvah students, David Wolinsky
touched the lives of children, parents and congregants throughout the entirety of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community.
His presence will be missed.
===== PAGE 18 =====
LOCAL + ETHNIC + SPECIALTY
Why pay more?
Save up to 70%
Providing the widest selection of produce in North Florida - arriving FRESFI DAILY.
Featuring local, ethnic, specialty & unique agricultural products and plants.
Open from 7 AM - 6 PM every day of the year!
Enjoy convenient drive-up parking and covered walkways.
1810 W. Beaver Street, Jacksonville, FL 32209
(Restaurant on premises)
904.354.2821
jaxfarmersmarket.com
16
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 19 =====
In Memory
Judith McMillen Reppert, z"
28 December 1946 - 15 December 2017
It is impossible to calculate the impact Ms. Judy Reppert had on countless youngsters during the course
of a teaching career that spanned more than four decades. Her passion for broadening the horizon of her
students through education, her love of children, and the ability to whet an appetite for learning shaped several
generations of youngsters at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School. Not surprisingly, in 2016 Judy Reppert received the Gladys Prior Award for Career Teaching
Excellence, a distinguished honor bestowed by the University of North Florida on no more than several
teachers annually.
Scripture teaches, “In the morning sow your seed, and in the evening do not withhold your hand”
(Ecclesiastes 11:6). Rabbi Akiva interpreted this verse to mean: If you have taught many disciples when
you were young, do not sit back and refrain from teaching others when you are older” (Midrash Tanhuma,
Hayye Sarah §6). During her 42-year tenure at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School she had the rare privilege of
teaching the children of her students. Judy’s passion for history and social studies opened the eyes of several
generations of learners, and provided precious continuity to education at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Other
faculty and staff might come and go, but Judy Reppert was always there.
She was a woman of wisdom, refinement, and culture; she kept her word by always meaning what she said,
and saying what she meant. Those who worked with her felt honored to be her colleagues. And though her
students respected her dignity, she knew how to smile and laugh with them, and sometimes even at herself.
Judy truly personified the very best of the educational programs of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. May
the Holy One bring comfort and healing to Judy’s daughter, Carrie, and her sister and brother-in-law, Joyce
and Ray Miller. Her memory shall always be an inspiration to our community and those blessed by the good
fortune of having known her.
1 l
17
===== PAGE 20 =====
We care about
your adoption.
c Shorstein
(V Kelly
Board Certified
Adoption Attorneys
adoption-usa.com
We’re local.
3821 Atlantic Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32207
(904) 348-6400 • lnfo@ShorsteinKelly.com
18
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 21 =====
I- A Message from the President -4
I
i
:
David Bielski
Board President
OUR FUTURE IS BRIGHT
It has been an amazing year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center and I am proud
of all that we are doing... but are we successful?
• The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School has grown over 20% since last year.
• The Dubow Preschool has grown over 40% since last year.
• The Setzer Youth Department has grown over 30% since last year.
That is huge growth and I would call that tremendous success!
• Our Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School continues to thrive.
• Our JJC Futures continues to graduate new leaders every year.
• Our programming, social action and membership events continue to be
fun and exciting.
With everything going so well, there is no better time to self-reflect and focus on the future. If you had
told me 25 years ago that Blockbuster Video would be almost extinct today, I would say you were crazy! Well,
Blockbuster didn’t spend time focusing on its future and adapting to change which allowed companies like
Netflix to put them out of business. For reasons like this, the leaders at the Jacksonville Jewish Center will
spend this upcoming year undergoing a major, forward thinking strategic plan that will help shape the way we
ensure that we are meeting the desires and needs of our congregants. 1 am so proud of everyone that is stepping
up to be a part of this undertaking. From community conversations to data analysis to implementation, all of us
can participate in planning for our future. With your help, the future will continue to be bright!
This past year, my family and I have been fortunate to spend several Shabbats travelling to Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
at various synagogues throughout the Southeast. Celebrating our friend’s and family’s simchas has been
wonderful, but in my opinion, there is no place like the Jacksonville Jewish Center and we are so lucky for its
existence! We are a success story supporting Conservative
Judaism in Jacksonville for the past 116 years and I believe,
with your support, will continue to be successful for the
next 100 plus years! I am so proud of our fabulous clergy
team, staff, lay leadership team and community that care
about one another and will go above and beyond the call of
duty for our friends in and outside our congregation.
Thank you for continuing to support the JJC to ensure
that our future generations have the opportunity to thrive as
successful Jewish people.
Together with my wife Carrie and daughters, Jamie and
Allie, we wish you a sweet and healthy new year!
David Bielski, President
Jacksonville Jewish Center
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
Joette Anderson
Stuart Appelbaum
Eve Aptheker
Stacy Aubrey
Lois Chepenik
Tyler Curl
Lanny Felder
Keith Goldfaden
Debbie Goldstein
Philip Bloom
Lawrence DuBow
Michael DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Mitchell Levine
Rhoda Goldstein
Lynda Grid ley
Alan Harrison
Ken Hilbert
Bruce Horovitz
Daniel Jaffa
Erica Jolles
Joan Levin
Christina Levine
Jeffery Morris
Alyse Nathans
Marsha Pollock
Amy Levinson
Harvey Matoren
Penny Powell
Marc Raitt
Marco Rand
Meryl Rittenberg
Randi Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Michael Schneider
Mark Shorstein
Michael Shorstein
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
Rebekah Selevan
Michael Setzer
Sandy Shapiro
Maura Silverstein
Emily Spector
Sheree Spriggs
Sara Werner
Carole Wolpin
Morrie Zimmerman
Evan Yegelwel
Sanford “Sandy”
Zimmerman
Seeman Zimmerman
Past Presidents
Charles Mizrahi Fred Pozin
20
===== PAGE 23 =====
r
Executive Board
Alyse Nathans
Chairman of the Board
David Bielski Ben Setzer
President Executive VP
Debby Kaye
Executive VP
Kim Glasgal
VP of Membership
Faye Hedrick Tyler Curl Fred Pozin Mauri Mizrahi Brent Trager
VP of Programming VP of House VP of Finance VP of Youth VP of Education
Howard Wolpoff
VP of Ritual/Religious
Brian Bell
Men’s Club Rep
Gabrielle Bubis
Secretary
Michael DuBow
VP at Large
Leonard Setzer
VP at Large
Gayle Bailys
VP at Large
Mel Gottlieb
VP at Large
Russell Selevan
VP at Large
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
Past Presidents
Max Frank*
1901-1904
H. Hammerman*
1905
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
Elias H. Pilton*
1911-1922
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Harry Finkelstein*
1927-1929
Max Rubin*
Abe Newman*
Harry Gendzier*
1930-1937
1940-1943
1944-1946
Joseph Hackel*
1947-1948
Harry Leff*
1949
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
_
Philip Bork*
1952
Philip Selber*
1950-1951; 1953-1955
1963-1965
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
Jack Becker*
1966-1967
Robert J. Gordon*
1953-1955
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
Wilbur Margol*
1970-1971
Jack Shorstein*
1972-1974
Charles Mizrahi
1974-1976
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Lawrence DuBow
1978-1980
22
*In Loving Memory
===== PAGE 25 =====
Dr. Joseph Honigman*
1984-1986
Eugene Kornblum*
1986-1988
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
1978-1980
Nathan Krestul*
1980-1982
Sol Proctor*
1982-1984
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Michael Shorstein
2000-2002
Philip Bloom
2002-2004
Seeman Zimmerman
2004-2006
Sandy Zimmerman
2006-2008
Dr. Mitchell Levine
2008-2010
Michael DuBow
2010-2013
Fred Pozin
2013-2015
Alyse Nathans
2015-2017
*In Loving Memory
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
►— Committees & Organizations - —<
24
===== PAGE 27 =====
Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
People join the Jacksonville Jewish Center for
many reasons. With many life cycle events
changing our need for Jewish connection, the
reason people join is often not the reason they
stay. In an environment where there are more
and more ways to engage Jewishly, which is
wonderful, there is a reason our members call the
Jacksonville Jewish Center home year after year.
We have a special community and it is because
of our members. Without you, our synagogue
would not exist.
Become one of our member ambassadors! Our
ambassadors are dedicated and focused on
supporting all members, new and long lasting,
build meaningful relationships, feeling valued
and welcomed.
Let us know how we are doing and please join
us - EVERYONE IS WELCOME!
kglasgal@gmail.com or
thilbert@jaxjewishcenter.org
904-292-1000 ext.lll
Our growing committee includes the
following members as of July 1,2018
Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR - Kim Glasgal
STAFF LIAISON - Tracy Hilbert
BOARD MENTOR - Debby Kaye
BOARD LIAISON - Debbie Goldstein
Members
Danielle Berke
Shirley Bielski
Moti Demri
Yakov Feig
Etta Fialkow
Marilyn Garber
Paula Garfinkel
Vicki Gatewood
Rhoda Goldstein
Renee Haire
Erica Jolles
Aliza Morris
Robin Morris
Mike Paisner
Sandy Selwitz
Robin Shorstein
25
===== PAGE 28 =====
i of Orthodox
SHAWN M. PERCE
NORTH FLORIDA SURGEONS
BAPTIST JACKSONVILLE DIVISION
Drs. Felger, Hodgett,
Morgenthal, Niemeyer, Polley & Rose
CRAIG MORGENTHAL, MD, FACS
GENERAL & LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
BARIATRIC SURGERY
ROBOTIC SURGERY
We value what’s most important to you—
your child’s smile & time with your family.
• Early <
•
• Mouth b
• vs that
• - " cult es
At Shawn M. Perce Orthodontics we
are dedicated to providing your child
with the highest quality orthodontic
care in a positive, family-oriented
environment. We also understand
how valuable your time is so we
always see our patients on time so
you can focus on what's important
school, sports, family and fun.
Schedule your child's complimentary i
evaluation with Dn Shawn K Perce, ohot»
(904)287-555?
If you recognize any of the following issues with your
child, please schedule an appointment today.
• Facial imbalance
.
■ eking
. ded teeth
605 State Rd. 13 N. • Suite 104 • Jacksonville, FL 32259
erceorthodontics.com
: • Diplómate of the American Board
)5$R 13 N.. 6Utc «H
Baptist Medical Pavilion
836 Prudential Dr. #1001
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Phone (904) 398-0033
Fax (904) 398-6774
www.nflsurgeons.com
SfieCcCon J. XapCan, TfiT)
Licensed Child and Adolescent Psychologist
We provide individual and family therapy, parenting training, ADHD and
psychoeducational evaluations, and Cogmed Working Memory Training
"Parenting is the most challenging but rewarding endeavor we
undertake; changing the lives of our children for the best and forever."
(904)396-2666
3601 Hendricks Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida
rato ruu
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
Medical Oncologist/Hematologist
4689 US Highway 17, Suite 2
Fleming Island, FL 32003
(904) 269.6526 * Fax: (904) 269.6527f
VILLELA & SHILTS
Josh Shilts cpa/abv/cff/cgma/cfe
Managing Partner
Josh@VillelaShilts.com
910 SW 1st Ave.
Suite 201
Ocala, FL 34471
Tel: (352) 237-3200
Fax: (352) 237-3208
8826 Goodby's Executive Park
Suite A
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Tel: (904) 325-9006
Fax: (352) 237-3208
Q Florida Cancer
(f^S P E C I A L I S T S
& Research Institute
FLCancer.com
Gmanctf GJGeludi
REALTOR®
(904)962-5012
marcyreindlrealtor@gmail.com
BERKSHIRE I Florida Network
HATHAWAY I Realty
HomeServices
375-1 Atlantic Blvd.
Atlantic Beach, FL 32233
www.LiveLoveJaxHomes.com
When you know someone you can trust, the highest compliment you con
give them is a referral to your family, friends, neighbors, ond co-workers.
26
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 29 =====
hr- Communities & Organizations
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
The Adult Education Committee is committed to
providing a wide variety of classes, films, speakers,
and special events designed to educate and engage
every adult in our community. We continue to provide
“regular” weekly and monthly classes at all levels of
learning for our congregants and the Jacksonville
community. Popular classes are Talmud, Hebrew
Reading and Service Skills classes, Foundations
of Judaism, Monday Morning Mapquest, ShalOM
Meditation, and Coffee and Torah. Our Yiddish Club and our Center Book Club both continue to thrive! This
year, we ran a new Hebrew Conversation class, and are looking forward to expanding language classes with
a Beginner’s Yiddish Conversation group as well as a Hebrew Conversation “Club” for advanced speakers.
Our Adult Library is being used daily, providing a resource for all who wish to do research, learn something
new, or simply enjoy a Jewish fictional story.
Our yearly Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton, brought back by popular demand scholar-in-residence
Stephen Berk, Professor of Holocaust and Jewish studies at Union College. The event was a huge success
focusing on Being Jewish in Modern America. We also brought in Mordecai Dzikansky, the “Terrorist Cop”,
who delighted a large audience with his stories as a Jewish NYPD policeman sent to Israel to learn security
measures after 9/11. Films have become an integral part of Adult Education. We had a great turnout for the
Yiddish Film. Yitn Midi Fidl. a well-attended showing of Gentleman’s Agreement, complete with fascinating
insights by expert Rachel Gordan, Bud Shorstein endowed chair in American Jewish Culture and Society
at the University of Florida Center for Jewish Studies. This summer included a screening of An American
Tail, an animated movie which was enjoyed by children of all ages, with Hazzan Holzer leading an adult
discussion about historical realities of the time period and struggles of immigrants.
We’re already excited about this coming year! Save the date for our next Shabbaton on Dec. 7-9,2018, with
Dr. Rabbi Analia Bortz, who is a medical doctor and Bioethicist. She has practiced in Argentina, Israel, Chili and
the USA and was the first female rabbi in Latin America. Other plans for next year are an extended monthly film
series geared for ALL ages, an expert speaker on the life of Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and many more!
Thank you to our enthusiastic and caring adult education committee. Each member puts a lot of time,
effort, and devotion to detail into every program that we organize. Mazel tov to another successful year and
a job well done!
Committee Members
CHAIR: Helen Shacter
STAFF LIAISON: Lois Tompkins
MEMBERS
Eve Aptheker Leonard Lipkin
Sandi Driben Sharon Rosenblum
Etta Fialkow Millie Tannen
Elaine Furman Marion Tischler
Wendy Honigman
L’Shanah Tovah!
Helen Shacter, Adult Education Committee Chair Lois Tompkins, Staff Coordinator
===== PAGE 30 =====
Proud Supporter of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
for over a Decade.
JACKSONVILLE
JEWISH CENTER
ANNUAL FUNDRAISER FOR
EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION
THE ART OF
EDUCATION
fokes m*K
KO MOQ4
AN EVENING OF ART, THEATER AND MUSIC
To Benefit The Jacksonville Jewish Center Schools
I9 Dor ¥9Dor
CELEBRATION & AWARDS DINNER
MARCH 18,2018 • 6:30PM TO 8:30PM
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
CELEBRATING THE 75TH YEAR OF
THE DUBOW PRESCHOOL
‘Its all about the children.
Always has been, it is now, and always will be.”
- Lawreiiee DuBow
JACKSONVILLE
JEWISH CENTER
ANNUAL FUNDRAISER FOR
EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION
EVENTS • INVITATIONS • LOGO DEVELOPMENT • BRANDING
DMIMAGEDESIGN.COM • 904-657-8048
IMAGEDESIGN
I^IVB
28
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 31 =====
►— Committees & Organizations —4
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
5778 was a year of change for the Religious Life Community (RLC). As a congregation, we welcomed Rabbi
Shira Rosenblum as our new second rabbi and had to say goodbye to David Wolinsky who sadly passed away
in February.
It was a year where the committee was asked to take on the responsibilities of facilitating the honors during
the Shabbat and holiday services and assign the Torah readings. Special thank you to Lisa Cohen for assisting
with those assignments.
It has also been a year of accomplishments. This year, we had more congregants reading Torah than we
have had in many years. This also included many post-Bar/Bat Mitzvah readers. We successfully implemented
the Minyan App, which has alerted congregants if we were short for a Minyan. Each time we used the app,
we were able to have more than 10. Together, we celebrated with Herb Plotkin as he was honored as our fourth
annual Scott P. Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily morning and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a
strong part of our congregation’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect
with God, other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved
ones. We are appreciative of the efforts of our minyan captains and dedication of our regulars.
Many thanks to Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Rosenblum and Hazzan Holzer for their hours of devotion and service
to our congregation. We are grateful for the devoted efforts of the RLC members for their hard work in helping
to share the present and future of our congregation.
Community Members
CHAIR - Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Joette Anderson Faye Hedrick
Max Horovitz
Lenny Maiman
Greg Arnold Brad Herbst
Len Lipkin
Marco Rand
Lisa Cohen Aaron Holzer
Etta Fialkow
Len Magid
Harry Shmunes
Robin Shorstein
HOUSE COMMITTEE
The House Committee is profoundly thankful for the infusion of capital from Beth Shalom Congregation that has
financed our Building Fund, and for the service of Simon Schuster leading the efforts of the committee for the
past year. The Committee has been busy continuing on the trajectory set last year, tackling a long list of deferred
maintenance projects to modernize our Synagogue and beautify the grounds.
Broadly, the committee will push forward on three fronts during the next year: Security, as we adapt to the
ever-changing threat landscape, providing a safe environment for our congregants without compromising the
welcoming openness that characterizes our community; Financial Well-Being, ensuring that the maintenance of
our spiritual home can continue for generations to come; and Consensus, endeavoring to improve our facilities in
the manner that best suits the greatest number of our community.
Our members can expect the new year to include comprehensive financial planning for long-term synagogue
maintenance and improvements, continuing facility improvements to the school and common meeting areas,
expansion plans for the New Center Cemetery, and continues upgrades of the landscape and hardscape around
our Crown Point property.
Brent Ganey
Dave Vandiver
Philip Bloom
Committee Members
CHAIR - Tyler Curl STAFF LIAISON - Gil Kleiner
Howard Wolpoff
Ken Hilbert
29
===== PAGE 32 =====
Serving Northeast
Florida Since 1898
irania
RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
BUSINESS
PERSONAL
LIFE
HEALTH
f"Acdxitx&t ^
3877 Baymeadows Road
just off San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 731 -4492
Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
I 1:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
www.Vandroff-lnsurance.com
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
904.296.3390 office • 904.296.6144 fax
Copyright ©2011, Vandroff Insurance Inc. All Rights Reserved. An Independent Insurance Agent®
DINNER HOURS:
5 to I0 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
www.greekrestaurant.com
30
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 33 =====
HESED COMMUNITY
“On three things the world stands: on the Torah, on prayer and on acts of
loving kindness.” -Pirkei Avot 1:2
Naomie Bossen, z”l
Hesed Committee Member
(from 2003-2018)
Hesed (loving kindness) is one of the essential mitzvot (Torah
commandments) required of all Jews. We are all, at different times in our
lives, in a position to both give and receive kindness. One of the beautiful
benefits of being part of a large synagogue community, like the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, is that we are connected to each other through the mitzvah
of hesed.
As such, Hesed is not a traditional committee at the Center. We reach
out to the entire congregation, inviting everyone to participate in acts of
hesed such as preparing and delivering meals, making visits and calls, helping to make a minyan at
a shiva, sending cards, and giving rides.
We would like to thank outgoing co-chairs, Beth Shorstein and Helen Hill, for their leadership and
commitment to engaging the community in hesed. We are grateful for all of the volunteers from our
community who have performed acts of Gemilut Hasadeim, loving kindness, throughout the past year.
Please contact one of our Hesed co-chairs, Rachel Morgenthal or Andrea Hernandez, whose
contact information is included in this yearbook, if you would like to join us in working together to
continue to enhance our lives through these sacred traditions and strengthen our caring community.
Please call or email Danielle Berke at (904) 238-7414 or dberke@jaxjewishcenter.org if you or
someone you know would benefit from receiving any of these simple gifts of kindness.
Committee Members
CO-CHAIRS - Rachel Morgenthal and Andrea Hernandez
STAFF LIAISON - Danielle Berke
Bob Bossen
Debbie Charpiat
Dina Fetner
Rhoda Goldstein
Peter Hammer
Faye Hedrick
Andrea Hernandez
Elaine Hodz
Helen Hill
Edith Horovitz
Marcia Howard
Marcelle Karstaedt
Jack Mizrahi Marjie Rogozinski
Rachel Morgenthal Beth Shorstein
Sylvia Lubliner Andy Raitt
Larry Mendlow Robin Rand
Robin Morris Joan Waitz
Penny Powell Leon Yergin
31
===== PAGE 34 =====
^ aitíi &on
Funeral Homes
Northside
4747 Main Street
Jacksonville, FL 32206
Phone 355-9545
Southside
4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 737-4855
George H. He well II
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
í
s
'MORGAN'
MORGAN
i
...For the people
GRANT KUVIN
ATTORNEY
76 South Laura Street, Suite 1100
Jacksonville, Florida 32202-3433
Direct: (904) 361-7170
Fax: (904)361-4315
Attorneys
at Law
GKuvin@forthepeople.com
32
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Oar Advertisers
===== PAGE 35 =====
\r— Committees & Organizations —4
SOCIAL ACTION
Reach out and touch someone. Feed someone. Clothe someone.
This is part of what Social Action has been about the past year.
We continue to collect food for the JFCS Pantry and hope that our members will continue to buy a few extra
staples to donate when at the grocery store. A few extra cans of food a week will help feed a family.
We have also helped JFCS with their personal product pantry needs and did a 6 week drive for dental products
in particular. We are thankful to all of you who brought toothbrushes, toothpaste and floss to donate. We hope that
these items have put smiles on many of those who depend on JFCS for their basic needs.
We are currently helping with a “kids closet” at JFCS and will have a permanent collection bin for new and
gently used clothing from newborn sizes to size 14 for both boys and girls. New undies are especially important
and will continue to be the most needed items in the closet.
We have donated magazines and books to many local facilities and set up a library at the new Helen’s House,
the residential facility for Brooks Rehab. This new facility houses families of those who are in long term rehab
at Brooks. This residential facility is run by Gabriel House, a home that also houses families of Mayo Clinic
patients. They are always looking for volunteers to prepare meals, which remains the biggest need in both of these
facilities as well as Ronald McDonald House. Those people who are here in Jacksonville for medical treatment
are able to have the support of family nearby at reasonable rates at these three facilities. All have slightly different
requirements for meal preparation and need our help year around.
We continue to collect the tabs from aluminum cans for Ronald McDonald House, which are cashed in and
offset some of their expenses. These tiny tabs really do add up and help. There are collection containers in the front
office of the Center and in Margo’s Catering. Please remember to remove the tabs before recycling your drink cans.
Our visit to the Sulzbacher Center the third Sunday of every other month is always in need of helpers. We prepare
and serve the less fortunate population here in Jacksonville. Sulzbacher Center feeds the homeless of our community
three times a day and ALWAYS needs help doing so. They are also collecting furnishings for those families who
will be moved into more permanent housing. Right now they are in need of twin size linens. Please Donate New or
Gently Used: • Twin sized sheets and Plastic Mattress Covers • Pillow Cases • Blankets • Pillows. There will be a
bin in our new Donation Station, in the hall space by the Center’s main bathrooms, to collect these items.
Our community Center/Temple Mitzvah Day was very successful again this year. We once again prepared and
delivered more than 500 Meals On Wheels. We also baked, packaged and delivered thousands of cookies for first
responders. We also cooked and served Christmas dinner to veterans at Five Star Veterans Center, Gabriel House,
Helen’s House, Sulzbacher Center and Ronald McDonald House. We served more than 1,000 people that day with
more than just food, but with friendship and a caring smiles too.
Help us to continue to do mitzvot and help our Jacksonville neighbors, many who depend on us for their food
and clothing and a roof over their heads.
For more information and to help on this committee, please contact Rhoda Goldstein at rhodagoldstein@
hotmail.com.
CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Hazzan Jesse Holzer
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
Committees & Organizations
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Programming Committee has concluded 5778 with an amazing concert by
the Maccabeats, a Jewish a cappella group, that was fun for all who attended. Encouraging and supporting
our congregants to make personal connections with one another while having a good time is our mission
when programs are being created. This year we were able to plan some great events to get people excited
about being in the building and a part of this wonderful community. The Hanukkah program, Lag B’Omer
picnic and several trivia nights were just a few of many events this year that were successful community
FUN-raising events. The Programming Committee looks forward to working alongside the Membership and
Social Action Committees this year to ensure terrific programming and turnout for all the special programs
and events that take place here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Get ready for new events as well, both big
and small
Please contact the committee chair, Faye Hedrick at fayemhedrick@gmail.com with any ideas, questions,
or to join in on the planning for a specific program or event.
We look forward to seeing you and your family taking part in future events offered at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Committee Members
COMMITTEE CHAIR - Faye Hedrick
STAFF LIAISON
- Tracy Hilbert
Carrie Bielski
Kim Glasgal
Debby Kaye
Alicia Rauschwager
Shirley Bielski
Rhoda Goldstein
Whitney Kuvin
Sheree Spriggs
Rachael Bunnell
Renee Haire
Christina Levine
Howard Teitelbaum
Lois Chepenik
Brad Herbst
Michelle Margol
Talie Zaifert
Etta Fialkow
Leora Holzer
Steve Mizrahi
Danielle Berke
Marilyn Garber
Lisa Hunt
34
===== PAGE 37 =====
SOCIAL JUSTICE
Our Social Justice Committee, known as Rodef Tzedek (pursuer of justice), has worked with our interfaith
affiliate ICARE (Interfaith Coalition for Action, Reconciliation and Empowerment) for several years, to
promote positive change for our community. This partnership provides our synagogue opportunities to work
with members of other faiths to advocate for social change through activism with our local government. As the
only synagogue among its 40 members, the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s team attended community problem
meetings as well as the Nehemiah Assembly, with thousands of others. Our members fought for the rights of
everyone in Jacksonville, dealing with issues of education, crime and lowering the rate of repeat offenders, and
support for our mental health services, among others.
Through our Social Justice committee, JJC members have advocated for:
• help to get homeless people training for jobs
• help for ex-felons to re-enter society and thereby reduce recidivism
• help for children in low income areas to get access to literacy resources
• faster access to mental health treatment for those need regardless of income level
• alternatives to the criminal justice system for first time non-violent offenders who would
otherwise have their lives destroyed for minor offenses.
These initiatives are all based on a desire to improve our community, reduce the financial burden on our society,
and to fulfill mitzvot to pursue justice and fairness in our society towards all people. This work truly makes a
difference in your life and the lives of others.
If you’d like to get more involved in social justice work for Jacksonville and the greater community, please
contact us!
ADVISOR
STAFF LIAISON
Hazzan Jessee Holzer
Kim Glasgal
justice justice
VOW SHALL PWRfWE
===== PAGE 38 =====
Ink M
YNDH
G hh Mk m m) I 1 mmmmmm mgssm M
/ nt ' ■ IJ T I- I
■
We just completed a $3,000,000 renovation
and all our guest rooms are brand new!!
• Meetings & Events 10-150 people
• Microwaves & Refrigerators
• State of the Art Fitness Center
• New Business Center
• Outdoor Pool
• Complimentary Parking
• Complementary Wi-Fi
• Introducing the Red Gill Bar & Grill
• Just off 1-95 & JTB
Please mention the Jacksonville Jewish Center for special rates.
4660 Salisbury Road, Jacksonville FL 32256
904-562-5947
36
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 39 =====
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER FUTURES COMMITTEE
What is JJC Futures?
The mission of JJC Futures is to strengthen the Jacksonville Jewish Center by identifying, inspiring, and
cultivating leaders for the Jacksonville Jewish Center community.
How do we accomplish our mission?
Nominated participants engage in a multi-session course which exposes them to key areas of the JJC
including our governance structure. Through varied activities, our members interact with key leaders of our
organization and gain a better understanding of our history, what we do and how we do it. JJC Futures is also
an investment in people. We support the growth and development of personal leadership skills for members of
our community.
JJC Futures provides enriching educational experiences for our members such as:
• Leadership Development Courses.. .An investment in you!
o Understanding personality types, and how to use this awareness to your advantage
o Understanding the philanthropic initiatives of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
o Opportunity to direct resources towards their personal passions within our Jacksonville
Jewish Center community
• Getting under the hood of the Jacksonville Jewish Center...Understanding our history, what we do,
why we do it, and how our work gets done.
o Our history
o Our mission
o Our educational offerings
o Our religious offerings
o Our finances
o Our committee and governance structure
Futures
JJC Futures began in 2016 and our course is conducted between January and June. Over the past 3 years
we have had over 35 people attend the course. The feedback from our steering committee and our participants
has helped us continuously improve the program. Nearly all our participants have given feedback that they
appreciated these experiences and found them valuable. Many have put this knowledge to work and currently
serve as lay leaders for the Jacksonville Jewish Center and beyond.
If you would like to nominate someone for this year’s course or you would like to discuss this program
further, please contact Mike Mass at MassJax@comcast.net.
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
On this Day of Atonement so essential to Jewish heritage, we join with family and
friends in demonstrating personal sacrifice and devotion. Your Dignity Memorial
professionals wish you and your loved ones a blessed Yom Kippur. May the
promise of forgiveness and renewal lighten your heart and bring you joy.
HARDAGE-GIDDENS
OAKLAWN CHAPEL
OAKLAWN CEMETERY
JACKSONVILLE
904-737-7171
>
HARDAGE-GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOME
MANDARIN CHAPEL
JACKSONVILLE
904-288-0025
Dignityjacksonville. com
HARDAGE-GIDDENS
GREENLAWN FUNERAL HOME
& CEMETERY
JACKSONVILLE
904-396-2522
Dignity"
Omemorial/
C0 LIFE WELL CELEBRATED’ £p
38
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 41 =====
¥- Communities & Organizations ■ 4
CENTER CEMETERIES
In 1905, lands were purchased for the purpose of creating proper Jewish burial
grounds for our congregation. The Center now manages three cemetery locations
in and adjacent to Evergreen Cemetery in North Jacksonville.
To reach the New Cemetery, also known as Jacksonville Jewish Center
Memorial Park, travel north on Main Street to 43rd Street and make a right turn.
The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street. The Old Cemetery and
the Beth Shalom cemetery section are both located within Evergreen Cemetery.
To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on Main Street to Winona Street. Make
a right on Winona Street and follow the road until you reach Gate 5. The Old
Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Beth Shalom section, enter through Gate 5
and take the red brick road to the right. Follow and bear to the left onto Cummer
Drive and continue until the road ends (0.4 miles). The Beth Shalom cemetery
will be on your right.
Our committee is dedicated to the preservation and expansion of our
cemeteries. The Center’s cemeteries were significantly impacted by Hurricane
Irma last year. During the past year damaged and toppled trees were removed and
the irrigation system at the New Cemetery was restored. Additional repairs and
improvements to the cemeteries will be carried out over the coming months. Plans are being made for the clearing and
plotting of the New Cemetery’s second section, which will allow for additional sections and a new parking area. Plots
are currently available for all members in Section 12. Learn more about purchasing individual and family plots through
the Center’s website and by contacting the office. Additionally, contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund in
honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee
CHAIR
Stuart Appelbaum
STAFF LIAISON
Gil Kleiner
Eric Anderson
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Mike Lissner
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
Howard Wolpoff
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death; yet,
it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of life, of
which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers
President
Ava Axelrod
Vice President
Deinya Mautz
Treasurer
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Beth Fleet
Sergeant of Arms
Penny Powell
Taharah
Committee Chair
Stacey Goldring
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
—
o
¥- Communities & Organizations
===== PAGE 43 =====
Communities & Organizations -4
SISTERHOOD
Making a difference.
It is truly an honor to
be President of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Sisterhood. We have made
such a difference in so
many places.
We have made a
difference in the general
community by our social
action project—Support
the Girls. Women donated
new and gently used
bras and other personal
products, which were then
distributed to local shelters.
People tend to stay away from donating ‘unmentionables’, so
our contribution of over 150 items filled a big gap for the local
needy population.
We have made a difference in the Conservative Jewish
community by reaching our goal of $18,000 for Torah
Fund, which supports the training of our rabbis, cantors and
professional leaders. Our Torah Fund program, Oh, the Places
You will Go, honored several women who have matriculated
through the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s school system and
have gone on to succeed in making a difference of their own.
We have made a difference in the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community. I am proud to say that we raised over
$18,000 for programs at the Center. We continued our $5,000
pledge to the L’Dor vaDor campaign. The money is targeted to
help fund day school, preschool and professional development
in the area of special needs. Our Judaica Shop is open every
day and staffed by our members. It is a showcase for other
shops nationwide, and we should be proud. Sisterhood is
the backbone of the Center, whether it is donating money or
volunteering countless hours to make our programs successful.
Past Presidents
Sybil Ansbacher
Clara Jaffe
Maxine Romo
Gayle Bailys
Mimi Kaufman
Joanne Rosenberg
Shirley Bielski
Annetta Komblum
Barbara Safer
Agnes Bloch
Eileen Levine
Bonnie Sandler
Etta Fialkow
Deanna Lissner
Shirley Schinasi
Ava Fixel
Penny Marks
Beth Shorstein
Marilyn Garber
Carol Matoren
Idlene Slaff
Kim Glasgal
Kathy Osterer
Blanche Slott
Phyllis Goldberg
Marsha Pollock
Lara Werwa
Renee Gordon
Andy Raitt
Carole Wolpin
Judy Halperin
Jeanine Rogozinski
Eunice Zisser
Wendy Honigman
Marjie Rogozinski
We have made a difference by giving seed money to Zahava,
the group that targets the needs of our younger women. They
held several well-attended programs this spring and had a very
positive Sisterhood experience. We look forward to seeing great
things from them!
And we have made a difference in the personal connections
that our women have made to the synagogue, to Jewish life and to
each other. Baking hamantashen, doing Shalom Yoga, delivering
holiday flowers and sending Leagrams are but a few. Exploring
Kosher Trader Joe’s and having a panel of power-house Jewish
women telling us about their experiences coming up through the
ranks as Jewish women are others. In any case, Sisterhood is
unique in that it puts a Jewish perspective on important issues.
We were privileged to hear from the remarkable Margie Miller,
International President of Women’s League for Conservative
Judaism, during our Sisterhood Shabbat.
I want to give a shout out to all of the members of the Board
of Directors and the cadre of volunteers that make our programs
so successful. Without them, we would be just a shell of what
we are today.
I also want to thank Marjie Rogozinski for four years of
dedicated service as President of Sisterhood. Her energy, ideas,
hard work and perseverance have made a huge difference in
molding our Sisterhood into the relevant, multi-generational and
active entity that it is today. I know she will continue to help us
to grow and to flourish.
One of my goals for this year is to continue the legacy
of those who have laid the groundwork and to build upon
that foundation. Communicating the great things we do is so
important. Please visit our website, www.jjcsisterhood.com and
our Facebook page, JJC Sisterhood, to follow us and keep up to
date on our latest adventures.
Creating meaningful and relevant programs that highlight
the Jewish connection that we have to our community, our
synagogue, to each other and to ourselves is my most important
goal. I know we will go from strength to strength and continue
to make a difference!
OFFICERS
President
Corresponding Secretary
Margie Holzer
Carol Matoren
Carla Bernard
VP of Membership
Treasurer
llene Bomser
Kim Glasgal
VP of Programming
Social Action
Marjie Rogozinski
Rhoda Goldstein
Torah Fund
Parliamentarian
Gayle Bailys
Barbara Safer
Diane Rothstein
Israel Affairs
Recording Secretary
Sylvia Lubliner
Sandy Selwitz
Publicity
Ivy Kfare
Margie Holzer
Sisterhood President
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
►- Communities & Organizations -4
42
===== PAGE 45 =====
Communities & Organizations -<
MEN’S CLUB
“Involving Jewish Men
in Jewish Life”
It is my honor to serve
as the President of the
Men’s Club. My family
has been a member of
the Jacksonville Jewish
community for one
hundred years! The
Jacksonville Jewish
Center Men’s Club is an
organization dedicated
to the enrichment of
Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish
community. The Men’s
Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work
together supporting, sponsoring, and participating in
programs that bring meaning to our slogan: “Involving
Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international
organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities
and Center participation have earned your Men’s Club the
First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards from
FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program is
now being implemented in Men’s Clubs across the nation.
We participate in a wide range of FJMC programs and
activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust Memorial
candles so that every congregant can honor the memory
of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and World Wide Wrap
which brings together congregants, clergy and Center youth
on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the mitzvah of
wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life)
and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize our youth
for reading Torah in our synagogue services and building on
the success of the Yad Shel Chai program. The Men’s Club
Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring
to one Teacher in the Center schools who best represents
the life commitment necessary to bring a quality learning
. experience to Jewish children. We provide a metal finished
Kiddush Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for
our 12th graders that complete the Siyyum program. We
\ sponsor and raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer
Scholarship Fund, which provides the opportunity for
children to attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment
programs who otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
Brian Bell
Men’s Club President
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well as
our regional Jewish community. Our members regularly get
together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball, touch
football games or perform community service activities.
One of our highlights is the opportunity to prepare meals
at the I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the Homeless. This past
year, we co-sponsored a campout with the Galinsky PTA.
In the Fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party features
fun, food, raffles and the opportunity to schmooze with
friends while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play an
away game on a big screen TV. We are visible friends at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the year, Men’s
Club members help with Sukkot and Purim programs. We
lead and participate in Men’s Club Shabbat. We are your
children’s teachers, your community volunteers and your
spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at least
18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community. I firmly believe that the Men’s Club
offers something for every man. So come on out and join us
for an activity this year.
I think you’ll enjoy supporting our Jacksonville Jewish
community and spending quality
time with other guys just like
you!
If you are interested in
becoming more involved or
would like to be added to our
email list you can send an email
to jjcmensclub@gmail.com.
MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
Brian Bell
Vice President
Peter Hammer
Chairman of the Board
Harry L. Peltz
Board Members
Moti Demri
Steve Gross
Mike Herring
Dave Schmerer
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Neil Gordon
Past Presidents
Harry L. Peltz
Neil Gordon
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
Call us today to make your special event truly special!
904-559-9781 or 904-292-1000, Ext. 142 or 130
margoscatering@aol. com www. margoscatering. com
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with Wonderful Celebrations!
Under the Strict Kashrut Supervision of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
0%
CATERING
Serving the Jacksonville Community for over 46 years!
Proud to be the Exclusive Caterer for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
“Makiny Memories 'Throned Our Meats”
*Bris / Baby Namings * Bar/Bat Mitzvah *Weddings *Shiva Meals
* Delicious Meals to Go for Shabbat, Holidays or any Special Event
*Corporate Events and Box Lunches * In-Home Special Events
(Full catering, self-pickup or drop off)
* Offpremise Kosher catering always available
Cakes andMore ky C&
Margo’s Catering is proud to announce,
Jessica TRudy devine, a Certified Wedding
and Special Event Planner has joined our team.
This will allow Margo’s Catering the opportunity to handle all of
your event needs.
* Birthday *Anniversary * Bar / Bat Mitzvah
*Cupcakes *Cookies *Brownies an<
(All Available Pareve or D
44
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
u
Lifecycle Events
I
BABIES
Luke Aaron Yergin-Doniger
December 12, 2014
Parents: liana & David Yergin-Doniger
Grandparents:
Kathy & Bruce Yergin,
Patricia Doniger, Robert Doniger
Matilda Mindy Hassid
April 7, 2017
Grandparents: Kathy & Morrie Osterer
Parents: Jessica & Dr. Victor Hassid
Alexandra and Elijah Wolpin
September 22, 2017
Parents: Travis & Crystal Wolpin
Grandparents: Rick & Cindy Wolpin
Great Grandparents: Carole Wolpin
& the late Howard Wolpin
Joshua Aviv Gabriel
September 25, 2017
Parents: Rachel Rosner & Jesse Gabriel
Grandparents: Alan & Ellen Rosner
Great Grandfather: Dr. Jack Rosner
Avery Elizabeth Fleet
September 28,2017
Parents: Eli & Mimi Fleet
Grandparents:
Robert & Janis Fleet
Emma Gayle Fleet
October 2, 2017
Parents: Jared & Marni Fleet
Grandparents: Robert & Janis Fleet
GLASS | Since 1926
FOR ALL YOUR
CLASS NEEDS
• Automotive
• Residential
• Commercial
kw JACKSON VII
KELLERWILUAMS. READY
904.354.4643
LeeAndCatesGlass.com
SERVING
NORTHEAST FLORIDA &
SOUTHEAST GEORGIA
12 locations to better
serve you.
Mobile/Text: 904-495-3229
Email: CaraFerreira@kw.com
Web: CaraSeIlsFlorida.com
CARA FERREIRA
REALTOR®
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
POLLAN
LEGAL
LEGAL SOLUTIONS
MADE SIMPLE
(904)475-2187
PollanLegal.com
GYMNASTICS & TUMBLING CLASSES FOR KIDS!
TUMBLING CLASSES FOR CHEER
PRE-SCHOOL CLASSES | MOMMY & ME
BIRTHDAY PARTIES AVAILABLE
VISIT WWW.TUIVIBLINGKIDS.COM FOR SCHEDULE & FORMS
CONVENIENTLY LOCATED NEXT TO MARK SPIVAK’S DANCE
EXTENSION IN FRUIT COVE & JULINGTON CREEK AREA
106 JULINGTON PLAZA DR (904)230.6291
778 N STATE RD.13 (904)230.0408
904.230.6291 | 904.230.7778
More than just photography, Heirloom PhotoArt ®
... for generations of enjoyment!
Photo Restoration Events Portraits Photo Booth
#When quality matters, demand only the best!'
1124 Riviera Street, Jacksonville, FL 32207
Historic San Marco Home Studio (just south of downtown)
?©4o3(Pi.7ééi www.DanHarrisPhoto.Art
46
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
I
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Ryan Arthur Yergin-Doniger
October 10,2017
Parents:
Parents: liana & David Yergin-Doniger
Grandparents: Bruce & Cathy Yergin,
Patricia Doniger, Robert Doniger
Nicole Ricki Dayan
October 22, 2017
Parents: Natalie & Joey Dayan
Grandparents:
Nina & Simon Glanzberg
and Ricki & Eli Dayan
Emma Whitney August
October 30, 2017
Parents: Lindsay & Jordan August
Kylie Jane Harmon
November 15, 2017
Parents:
Parents: Lauren & Matt Harmon
Elizabeth Isla Snyder Nathan Myles Heller
November 17, 2017 November 28,2017
Parents: Lindsay Morris & Mike Snyder Parents: Dr. Carey & Hope A. Heller
Grandparents: Joel & Carol Morris Grandmother: Ava Hoffenberg Axelrod
Great-Grandmother: Sonya Morris
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
"Thanks for your Patronage"
9670 San Jose Blvd.
268-5949
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
47
===== PAGE 50 =====
Bagels I Us
14185 Beach Blvd Jax 32250 - (904)223-9333
11629 San Jose Blvd Jax, 32223 - (904)801-3879
48
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Matan Levi Binder
January 9, 2018
Parents: Sara & Brian Binder
Grandparents: Jim & Deena Richman
Maayan Lev-Yam Fleet
January 16, 2018
Parents: Joshua Fleet & Dorielle Parker
Grandparents: Michael & Beth Fleet
Great Grandparents:
Norman & Marcie Kleiman
Sydney Jules Feller
March 27,2018
Parents:
Parents: Sarah & Sam Feller
Grandparents: Sheryl & Ken Sekine
Finn Henry Kaeser Hudson Payne Howell Kingston Lincoln Jaffray Bunnell
March 31,2018 April 18,2018 April 19,2018
Parents: Marissa & Kevin Kaeser Parents: Parents: Chad & Rachael Bunnell
Grandparents: Rachel Schemer Howell & Carson Howell
Lauren & Howard Hochrad Grandparents: Hal & Kim Schemer
Great Grandfather: Lazar Kay Great Grandmother: Frances Schemer
Fourth Generation
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
EVENT PRODUCTION AND RENTALS
904.398.8179 | PRIPRODUCTIONS.COM | #PRILIFE
DQQi
PRODUCTIONS
: :
mg*
WEDDINGS AND BAR/BAT MITZVAHS
50
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 53 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Hannah James Cheatham
May 15,2018
Parents: Sarah & Michael Cheatham
Audrey Rose Shapiro
May 16,2018
Parents: Jodi & Andrew Shapiro
Grandparents: Risa & Lawrence Datz
& Jay Schneider
Great Grandparents: Joan & Sonny Waitz
Vale Rose Rogozinski
May 17,2018
Parents: Drs. Kaleigh & Ben Rogozinski
Grandparents: Marjie & Abe Rogozinski
Ethan Owen Wolpin
June 21,2018
Parents: Matt & Kat Wolpin
Grandparents: Rick & Cindy Wolpin
Great Grandparents: Carole Wolpin
& the late Howard Wolpin
Luke Corey Wishna
July 16,2018
Parents: Lauren (Bloom) Wishna
& Gregg Wishna
Grandparents: Philip & Linda Bloom
Great Grandparents: Sumner & Joan Waitz
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
Fine Family Dining
Greek Cuisine
Bakery 8c Catering
Family Owned
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PHONE - 904.733.1199
□ pen 6 Days
M-F 11:00am - 10:00pm
SAT 5:00pm - 10:00pm
NDW FULL BAR
52
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Aidan Bear Kaufmann
June 4, 2017, Masada, Israel
Parents: Rocky & Paige Kaufmann
Grandparents:
Annetta & the late Gene Kornblum
Ashley Zunic
September 2,2017
11 Elul 5777
Parents: Jennifer & Andrew Zunic
Grandparents:
Gaye Sager & the late Neil Sager
Justin Lee Kornblum
October 21,2017
Atlanta, GA at
B’nai Torah Synagogue
Parents: Craig & Sheri Kornblum
Grandparents; Annetta Kornblum
& the late, Gene Kornblum
Phyllis Herman & Maury Herman
Daisy Handmaker
November 11,2017
22 Heshvan 5778
Parents:
Cindy Handmaker & Bobby Handmaker
Jessica Hayley Benisch
December 15-16, 2017
Manalapan, N.J.
Parents: Cheryl & Gregory Benisch
Grandparents: Ann & Leon Silke
Susan & Barry Benisch
Great-Grandmother: Lucie Schachter Lox
Courtney Charpiat
January 20, 2018
4 Shevat 5778
Parents: Debbie & Brian Charpiat
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
Certified Mohel -bma
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak
color
Danielle Berke
bounding Stylist
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
118 Willow Bend Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
www.floridamohel.com
• • • • •
STREET
904.238.7414
daniberkel8@mycolorstreet.com
fb.me/DaniColorStreet
www.mycolorstreet.com/dani
T H E
Wells & dreW
COMPANIES
ENGRAVERS ^ PRINTERS
Since 1855
Randy Houser, President
P.O. Box 10554 • Jacksonville, FL 32247
Street Address: 3414 Galilee Road (32207)
904-399-1510 • Fax 904-399-1884
Toll Free 800-342-8636
randyh@wellsdrew.com
Svtsic got it Gobi' on, _ # 4 ,
at SwmUmoxom
54
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Mason Teitelbaum
February 10,2018
25 Shevat 5778
Parents: Frannie & Lane Teitelbaum
Aleeya Spector
March 10,2018
23 Adar 5778
Parents: Emily & Damian Spector
Jesse Nathan Walter
March 16-17,2018
Marietta, GA at
Congregation Etz Chaim
Parents: Beth & Daryl Walter
Grandparents: George Strumlauf
& the late Phyllis Strumlauf
Danny Bubis
March 24,2018
8 Nisan 5778
Parents: Gabrielle & Jeff Bubis
Daniel Marmelstein
April 21,2018
6 Iyar 5778
Parents: Erin & Adam Marmelstein
Zachary Micah Goldstein
April 22, 2018
Atlanta, GA at
Etz Chaim Synagogue
Parents: Laurie & Jay Goldstein
Grandparents:
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
55
===== PAGE 58 =====
MAKE A LASTING
IMPRESSION <S>
Looking for an easy and effective way to promote your
company? How about by wearing it? Having your logo on
your apparel increases your exposure to the world and
helps get your company name recognized.
Minuteman
Press,
WE DESIGN, PRINT & PROMOTE..,YOU!
904.733.5578 • www.mmpjax.com
4185 Sunbeam Road, Suite 100 • Jacksonville, Florida 32257
liuft
\K)¿ naWe. you look gooM
56
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Brooke Saye
May 5,2018
20 Iyar 5778
Parents: Mark & Shari Saye
Grandparents:
Randy & Marty Steinberg
May 12,2018
27 Iyar 5778
Parents: Jon & Jennie DeBardeleben
Grandparents: Kenneth & Paula Horn
Pearl Mass
May 26,2018
Parkland, FL at
Congregation Kol Tikvah
Parents: Ellis & Ellen Mass
Grandparents: Mike & Marilyn Mass
Brooke and Elli Trager
May 26,2018
12 Sivan 5778
Parents: Brent & Alison Trager
Grandparents:
Mitchell & Beth Trager
Anna Feig
June 2, 2018
19 Sivan 5778
Parents:
Yakov Feig & Denise Sherman
Elad Gabriel Homsky
July 23,2018
11 Av 5778
Petah Tikvah, Israel
Parents:
Andrey & Amit Homsky
57
===== PAGE 60 =====
HARDAGE
GÍDDENS
FUNERAL tmms « CmiMAtlON SERVICES
Dignity
Leon Yergin
Family Service Counselor
Greenlawn Funeral Home
& Cemetery
4300 Reach Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-396-2522
Fax 904-399-0105
Cell 904-233-6103
Leon.Yergjn@DignityMemorial.com
Philip H. Bloom
President
BLOSAM
CONSTRUCTORS
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive • Jacksonville, FL 32223
Office/Fax (904) 880-4667 • Cell: (904) 993-4445
blosaml@aol.com • CGC036197
CATERING BY
LIZ GRENAMYER
9 1 9 King Street
JACKSONVILLE, FL 322D4
9 D 4 • 3 SI *7 a 1 9 5 5
FAX 904.3B7.2 1D3
CateringByLiz.com
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
(904) 398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
HARTMAN, BLITCH
& GARTSIDE
Certified Public Accountants
(904)396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
www.hbgcpa.com
BERMAN
BROS., INC.
SCRAP METAL RECYCLING
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL
CUSTOM METAL FABRICATION
2500EvergreenAve.*Jacksonville,FL32206
904.353.3694
www.bermanbros.com
Free Water Testing
i
License # W-32
Affordable watf,R
CONDITIONING* SOFTENING * PURIFICATI0
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
CERTIFIED
WATER
SPECIALIST
Water
XX- Quality
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
AffordableWaterJax.com
58
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Andrew Herbst
August 18, 2018
7 Elul 5778
Parents: Sharon & Bradley Herbst
Alexandra Selevan
August 25, 2018
14 Elul 5778
Parents: Andrew & Rebekah Selevan
Grandparents: Jack & Susan Selevan
Nathan & Linda Franzblau
Mark Spivak’s
Institute & Dame Extension
Ballet-Pointe-Character-Jazz-Modern - Hip-Hop
Tap - Pre-School Dance Programs - Fairy Tales in Motion
Lyrical, Contemporary, Leaps & Turns Dynamics, Strengths & Stretch Classes
Age 2 yr old - Adults • Performing Group and Competitive Team
Birthday Parties Available
Morning - Afternoon - Night Classes
Beginner through Advance
Fall Schedule in Session - Register Today
Visit our website far Schedule & Forms I WWW.MARKSPIVAK.COM
OFFERING OUTSTANDING DANCE INSTRUCTION
FOR ALL AGES FOR OVER 3 DECADES
Fruit Cove
287-4619
774 NSR 13
Located half mile south from
Julington Creek Bridge
Julinqton Creek
iingt
23b
7778
106 Julington Plaza
Comer Racetrack rd &
Flora Branch
Mandarin
268-3583
3740 San Jose Place
One Block North of
Crown Point
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
59
===== PAGE 62 =====
RESTAURANT & SPIRITS
HAPPY
HOUR
LUNCH
BUFFET
Monday Quarter Back
25% off Drinks & Hookah
Ladies Wednesday
LIVE
Great
Patio
and
Outside
Hookah Bar
50% off Drinks & Hookah
Entertainment
Lebanese Mediterranean Restaurant
3928 BAYMEADOWS RD. • • beirutatjax.com
(LOCATED @ BAYMEADOWS & SAN JOSE) • HOURS: MONDAY - SUNDAY 11AM - 2AM
II iBmmm *
J feebodf Ar
60
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 63 =====
c
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
Aliza Goldstein and Shep Lowell
November 4,2017
Married in Los Angeles, CA
Parents: Jeffrey & Doris Goldstein
Jessica Kopp and Chris McCorkle
November 11,2017
Married in Seattle, WA
Parents: Hank & Ellen Kopp
Grandmother: the late Phyllis Fried
Elena Price and Jason Diaz
January 6,2018
Married in Key West, FL
Parents: Michael Price
Terri & Tim Overman
Jillian Eden Rosenberg and Ronnie D. Morgan
March 3,2018
Married in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida
Parents: Dr. Sandy & Joanne Rosenberg
Jerry & Thuy Carroll
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
» •
* •
i
Invest in a
Good Night’s Sleep
■
At B8¿C Financial Advisors, our honest approach
means our clients know their expectations, exactly
what investments they own, and exactly where
their money is. And they don't get fleeced by
commissioned advisors. Your retirement dreams
don't have to be full of sleepless nights.
O
4
Invest in a Good Night's Sleep
FINANCIAL ADVISORS
www.BandCfinancial.com | Call us at 904.273.9850
110 Professional Drive, Suite 101, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
62
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 65 =====
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
«I
Fred Marks and Nicole Miller
March 11,2018
Married in St. Augustine, Florida
Parents: Penny & Jeff Marks
and Kim & Marc Miller
Grandparents:
Lee Marks & the late Bernie Marks
Jerry & Sylvia Miller
Amy Hadden and Rebecca Glassman
May 27,2018
Married in Jacksonville, FL
Parents: Jan & Bruce Glassman
Louis Richman and Ila Sehgal
June 3,2018
Married in Austin, TX
Parents: Jim & Deena Richman
===== PAGE 66 =====
sO\JTHE/^
MONUMENT CO., INC.
Florida’s Oldest Since 1909
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
WE PROVIDE CUSTOM
MONUMENTS • MARKERS • ENGRAVING
DESIGN AND LAYOUT • INSTALLATION
CLEANING • ENTRANCE SIGNS
DELIVER ON TIME FOR UN VEILINGS
Florida's Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street) Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
southemmonument@comcast.net
64
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 67 =====
fl
Lifecycle Events
DEARLY DEPARTED
Larry Howard Browdy
September 10, 2017
Eric Levy
January 2, 2018
Jeffrey Dryden
June 13,2018
Lev Tesler
October 8, 2017
David Sean Price
January 7, 2018
Beverly Goodfriend
June 13, 2018
Dr. Henry Ray Wengrow
October 12, 2017
Greg Dacks
January 8, 2018
Eileen Levine
June 16, 2018
Alan Fixel
October 19,2017
Esther Zucker
January 15, 2018
Estelle Kritz
June 16,2018
Sam Bono
October 25, 2017
Lillian Koegler
January 23, 2018
Tricia K. Bettman
June 19,2018
Rosalie “Roz” Cassel
October 29, 2017
Helen Diamond
February 1, 2018
Dr. Edward Alan Mizrahi
June 28, 2018
Olga Tyson
October 31, 2017
Elliott Horovitz
February 7, 2018
Ronnie Friedman
July 7,2018
Doris Singer
November 15, 2017
Clara Kramer Jaffe
February 12, 2018
Marilyn Tanney
July 25,2018
Irma Blattner
November 22, 2017
David Wolinsky
February 17, 2018
Salomon Srulevich
July 25,2018
Jeanette Newman
December 1,2017
Dr. Ari Berlin
February 23, 2018
Ellen “liana” Schoettler
July 26, 2018
Herman Lodinger
December 10, 2017
Maxene Gillman
April 30, 2018
Manfred Rotstein
July 27, 2018
Anne Benjamin
December 15, 2017
Gerald Greenspoon
May 28, 2018
Neil Presser
July 31,2018
Judy Reppert
December 15, 2017
Gerald “Buzzy” Glickstein
May 29, 2018
Leah Solomon
January 3, 2018
Naomie Bossen
May 31,2018
*As of August 3y 2018
Contact the Center office or view the Center's website to learn more about purchasing family or
individual plots at the cemeteries of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
904-292-1000 • www.jjcjax.com
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
°üNDAll°
LET’S CONNECT & SHOP SteinMart.com
STAY SAFE!
Wishing you a sweet and safe New Year from
Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation
STOP DISTRACTED DRIVING
At 55 mph your vehicle will travel
the length of a football field in 5 seconds.
DO NOT LEAVE A CHILD IN A LOCKED CAR
The temperature can reach 100 degrees in minutes.
FirehouseSubsFoundation.org
Follow us: @savinglives
Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation
The Heart of Firehouse Subs
GET CPR/AED TRAINING
You can save a life.
AVOID CARBON MONOXIDE EXPOSURE
Install a Carbon Monoxide (CO) detector
in your home and business.
Thank you for your support!
SAVING is a beautiful things
Famous brands
you know at prices
you'll love
Roosevelt | Mandarin | Lakewood
Beaches | Harbour Village | Baymeadows
1-888-SteinMart
66
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 69 =====
Erev Rosh Hashanah
September 9, 2018
Purim
March 21,2019
Rosh Hashanah
September 10-11, 2018
First Seder
April 19, 2019
Kol Nidre
September 18,2018
Passover (start)
April 20-21, 2019
Yom Kippur
September 19,2018
Passover (end)
April 26-27, 2019
Erev Sukkot
September 23, 2018
Yom HaShoah
May 2, 2019
Sukkot
September 24,2018
Yom HaZikaron
May 8,2019
Sukkot
September 30,2018
Erev Shavu’ot
May 8, 2019
Sh’mini Atzeret
October 1, 2018
Yom HaAtzma’ut
May 9,2019
Simhat Torah
October 2,2018
Shavu’ot
May 9-10,2019
1st Night of Hanukkah
December 2, 2018
Lag B’Omer
May 23,2019
Hanukkah
December 3-10,2018
Yom Yerushalayim
June 2,2019
Tu B’Shvat
January 21,2019
Tisha B’Av
August 11,2019
Erev Purim
March 20,2019
Tu B’Av
August 16,2019
67
===== PAGE 70 =====
Special Events
SULAM STRATEGIC PLANNING BEGINS
We are excited to share the important framework that has been established to begin the Sulam Strategic Planning
process at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In our initial letter, we informed you of the wonderful partnership
we have with United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism (USCJ) and Bob Leventhal. Bob has worked with
hundreds of congregations over the past 17 years and designed the Sulam program.
Bob came to the Jacksonville Jewish Center earlier this year on April 18-19 to work with the Strategic
Planning Steering Committee, the JJC Board of Directors, clergy, staff, and congregants willing to serve as
facilitators. The working sessions were extremely informative and included a concise plan for the process over
the next 12-15 months.
The Sulam co-chairs are Debby Kaye and Lois Chepenik. They will regularly report on the progress and
development of our strategic plan to our Board of Directors. The Steering Committee (listed below) is broken
into three teams; communications and writing, mission/vision, and data gathering. The Facilitators will organize
and lead Community Conversations (described below) and will forward the information they gather to the
Steering Committee.
While these members are involved to guide this process to fruition, we cannot be successful without your
participation and input. The more voices we have, the more we can ensure a realistic plan for the future of our
congregation.
There are two ways you can participate, each incredibly helpful:
1. Community Conversations
We have begun rolling out Community Conversations (CoCos), similar to parlor meetings, over
the past months. These will continue and mainly take place in congregants’ homes. We hope that
you will choose to attend a community conversation and let us know if you would like to host
one at your home, office, community clubhouse, or the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
2. Congregational Survey
In early August you were invited to participate in an online congregational survey. We strongly
encourage you to complete the survey. This data, along with the information received from
Community Conversations, will be essential to developing a strategic plan representative of our
congregation.
If you have any questions or would like more information, please contact one of our co-chairs, Debby Kaye
(deborahmkaye@gmail.com) or Lois Chepenik (lchepenik@comcast.net).
STEERING COMMITTEE
COMMUNITY CONVERSATION FACILITATORS
Lois Chepenik
Debby Kaye
Gayle Bailys
Gaby Bubis
Danielle Berke
Tracy Hilbert
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Bruce Horovitz
Gil Kleiner
Whitney Kuvin
Christina Levine
Sue Levine
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Jay Plotkin
Shari Shuman
Brent Trager
Gayle Bailys
Debbie Banks
Gaby Bubis
Lois Chepenik
Kim Glasgal
Melissa Gross Arnold
Debby Kaye
Whitney Kuvin
Kim Millrood
Elyse Whitman
Barbara Schneider
Brent Trager
Sara Werner
Ex-officio:
Clergy/Staff:
Rabbi Shira Rosenblum
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Tracy Hilbert
Gil Kleiner
Danielle Berke
68
===== PAGE 71 =====
Special Events
SULAM STRATEGIC PLANNING
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
Special Events & Recognitions -4
SIMHAT TORAH H ONO REES - 5 7 78
Faye Hedrick
Aishet Hayil
A graduate of the JJC Futures Leadership Development Initiative, designed to educate and prepare future
leaders of the synagogue, Faye Hedrick has given back to her community in significant ways. She currently
serves on the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Executive Board in the role of Vice President of Programming.
Additionally, she is the Vice President of Membership for the Galinsky Academy PTA board, and co¬
volunteers as a Room-Parent Coordinator. She has been a member of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Education Committee, the Religious Life Committee, and the Hesed Committee. Faye worked hard and was amazing in planning
the L’Dor V’Dor Annual Giving Event, this past March, honoring the 75th anniversary of the DuBow Preschool.
Outside of the Center and in the larger Jewish and Jacksonville communities, Faye serves on the PJ Library planning
committee to help organize events, build community engagement, and raise funds for this organization’s programs and services.
In addition, she has taught school for several years while helping lead an initiative aimed at developing a new mission statement
and path for Character Education at the school.
Faye, her husband Dan, Milly and Ellen are proud to be active members at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, where she has
been a member her entire life. After having her first daughter, Milly, she stopped teaching full-time and began tutoring part-time
with a specific focus on the Singapore Math curriculum. Ellen, her youngest child, is currently a student at the DuBow Preschool
in the Parparim Class.
William (Billy) Wilensky
Hatan Bereishit
A native of Jacksonville, Billy Wilensky is a life-long member of the Center. He has fond memories of the
synagogue’s home on 3rd and Silver, where he studied with Mr. Zucker and Mr. Gross, and celebrated his
bar mitzvah with Rabbi Moshe Goldblum in 1961. After completing high school at the Roosevelt School
in Stamford, Connecticut, Billy returned to Jacksonville and worked for Wilensky Enterprises in the field
of property management. A passionate advocate of scouting, Billy spent many years as a member of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center’s own Troop #14, where he achieved the rank of Star, and earned the Order of the Arrow, which
recognizes scouts who best exemplify the Scout Oath and Law in their daily lives. During the 1970s and 80s Billy also served as
the Assistant Scoutmaster to Troop #14.
Imbued with the ideals of scouting, Billy has always had a desire to help others. He attends minyan at the Center no fewer
than 6 or 7 times a week, and often more frequently than that. He does so without ever having to be asked and with no fanfare.
He explains his commitment to services as follows: “I feel good when I can make a minyan and know that Fm helping folks who
couldn’t say Kaddish otherwise.”
In his spare time, Billy enjoys musicals, the New York Yankees and, of course, the Gators. One thing many people do not
know about him is that he is an accomplished ballroom dancer, having won five Arthur Murray championships! Billy’s family in
Jacksonville includes his brother, Judge Daniel Wilensky of the Florida 4th Circuit, sister-in-law Cathy, nephews Jesse and Life,
and nieces Mari and Tess.
Debby Kaye
Kallat Torah
Debby Kaye has been a member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for 37 years and currently serves as one of
the Executive Vice Presidents. She is married to Don and has two children: Abby Pinsky who lives in Scotch
Plain, NJ with her husband David and their 7 children, and Jesse Rauchwarger who lives in Jacksonville with
his wife Alicia and their two children, who are DuBow Preschool students.
Abby and Jesse’s lives were truly enriched by their attendance at the JJC preschool, day school, religious
school, camp and youth programs over the years so when asked to join the Galinsky Academy Cabinet several years ago, Debby
was happy serve as a way of giving back to the community that helped shape her children’s lives. Eventually, she became the Vice
President of Education working closely with a wonderful team of professional and lay leaders.
Debby is a native of Philadelphia and moved to Jacksonville after graduating from Temple University. With twenty nine
years of experience in higher education administration and counseling, she retired after 13 years as Associate Vice President for
Enrollment Services at the University of North Florida, where she received her Master of Education degree.
During her tenure in higher education, Debby provided leadership for admissions, records and registration, academic
advising, financial aid and scholarship programs, one stop student services center, and veterans’ affairs. She also provided
oversight for the College of Education’s academic advising and internship programs.
Since 2004, Debby has developed an educational consulting business helping families navigate the high school and college
admission process and she is thrilled to have been able to help many of our Center families along the way. In addition to her
service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center, Debby is an active volunteer with Leadership Jacksonville and serves as a board
member of River Garden Senior Services.
===== PAGE 73 =====
Special Events & Recognitions H
MINYANNAIRESSHABBAT
Minyannaire Shabbat has become a very special day
on the calendar at the Center. Not only have we, as
a congregation, been able to express our appreciation
for our Minyannaires - those who attend weekday
and Shabbat afternoon services each day on a regular
basis - but also to honor one individual who has shown
significant dedication to our daily Minyan.
This year, we proudly honored Herb Plotkin, a
Minyan attendee for well over 60 years! Herb grew up
in an observant household in Brooklyn, NY where his
father taught him that when you have two coins in your
pocket, you need to give one to someone less fortunate.
His father was a Minyan attendee at their synagogue
and instilled in Herb the importance and dedication of
playing a role in your community.
Herb and his brother used to hang out at the
neighborhood candy store where Meyer Lansky and the
Murder, Inc. crew presided over their business in the
back room. The family made the decision to move
to Baltimore just prior to Herb’s Bar Mitzvah, to make
sure that he and his brother did not grow up to become
gangsters.
He eventually made his way to Jacksonville where he opened his Pharmacy, met Rose Lynn, a beloved
former MJGDS teacher, and raised their three children. They will celebrate their 61 st wedding anniversary
at the end of December. "When there is a Minyan and someone is saying kaddish you have to be there as a
means of respect. You need to be a part of the community not only in spirit but in body also” Herb shared.
“To me, it was always a sense of caring when you could express your condolences to someone who had
recently suffered a loss and make them feel at home within
the Minyan.”
Herb took on the role of Minyan captain in the late
1980’s assuming the leadership for Tuesday mornings. He
eventually stepped aside almost 20 years later. He remains a
regular weekly attendee of the Friday morning Minyan.
Herb was honored and celebrated on Shabbat morning,
March 3,2018.
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
Special Events & Recognitions
SOCIALIZE, BOND AND PRAY
Since 1901, members of our congregation have been gathering together each morning and evening to socialize,
to bond and to pray. Each one serving as a member of that day’s minyan, ensures that the service can be
conducted and those who need to say kaddish can do so.
We are the only conservative congregation to hold minyan twice a day, every day, between Atlanta and Miami.
And we do so, not only because of the dedication of our members but through the leadership of our minyan
captains. These individuals are volunteers, and work to create small networks with those that attend on their day
to ensure we have a minyan.
Our minyan captains are:
Monday AM
Monday PM
Tuesday AM
Tuesday PM
Wednesday AM
Wednesday PM
Thursday AM
Thursday PM
Thursday PM
Harry Shmunes
Steve Mizrahi
Jack Mizrahi
Robin Shorstein
Sandy Zimmerman
Herschel Bettman
Greg Arnold
Michael Schneider
Bruce Stark
Friday AM
Saturday PM
Saturday PM
Sunday AM
Sunday AM
Sunday PM
Sunday PM
Sunday PM
Marco Rand
Steve Solomon
Randall “Smitty” Smith
Lenny Magid
Larry Rosenblum
Martin Chafetz
Edward Tannen
Stuart Appelbaum
We are grateful for all of their efforts throughout the year.
We also want to say thank you to Joette Anderson and Philip Bloom who recently stepped down as captains after
years of dedicated service to our congregation.
Everyone is welcome to attend our daily minyan. Feel free to reach out to any of our captains if you have any
questions about minyan or their particular service.
If you would like to be informed of a last minute need to fill our minyan, please send your name and cell phone
number to Howard Wolpoff, Vice President of Religious Life, to hwolpoff@gmail.com and you will be added to
the Group Me app list for either morning minyans, evening minyans or both.
72
===== PAGE 75 =====
Special Events & Recognitions
TORAH, HAFTARAH AND MEGILLAH
Our congregation is very fortunate to have so many people willing and able to participate in our services. They
have given of their time to prepare and then read Torah, Haftarah and Megillah throughout the year. We appreciate
all of them for adding to our synagogue experience. Here are those who have participated over this past year:
TORAH READERS
Casey Balotin
Prince Benyehudah
Larry Bernard
Herschel Bettman
Jack Bettman
Allie Bielski
Danny Bubis
Rebecca Bubis
Benjamin Chafetz
Courtney Charpiat
Ryan Cheifetz
Stuart Cheifetz
Benjamin Davis
Lily Davis
Josh Debardeleben
Moti Demri
Asher Farber
Yakov Feig
Abigail Fixel
Joe Fuchs
Roy Goldman
Michael Grossman
Bobby Handmaker
Daisy Handmaker
Andrew Herbst
Brad Herbst
Sydney Herbst
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Leora Holzer
Bruce Horovitz
Max Horovitz
Mindy Horovitz
Mai ah Jaffa
Rena Kallman
Sheldon Kaplan
Elliot Letts
Samantha Letts
Elior Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Jasmine Mail
Zoe Mail
Jeff Marks
Daniel Marmelstein
Max Mizrahi
Jacob Morgenthal
Aliza Morris
Allysondra Osborne
Manya Osher
Marco Rand
Rabbi Shira Rosenblum
Joe Schmuller
Alexandra Selevan
George Setzer
Joe Shacter
Mark Shainbrown
Zach Shainbrown
Rabbi Merrill Shapiro
Beth Shorstein
Aleeya Spector
Millie Tannen
Emily Teitelbaum
Mason Teitelbaum
Sydney Teitelbaum
Lois Tompkins
Asher Trager
Brent Trager
Brooke Trager
Elli Trager
Jacob Vernon
Shelby Weiss
Dan Wohl
Mitchell Wohl
David Wolinsky Z’L
Evan Wolpoff
Howard Wolpoff
Reesa Zaifert
Ashley Zunic
HAFTARAH READERS
Rabbi Eliezer Ben Yehuda
Danny Bubis
Benjamin Chafetz
Josh Debardeleben
Anna Feig
Josh Feig
Yakov Feig
Roy Goldman
Michael Grossman
Daisy Handmaker
Andrew Herbst
Aaron Holzer
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Leora Holzer
Margie Holzer
Edith Horovitz
Max Horovitz
Norman Kleiman
Len Lipkin
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Lenny Mai man
Daniel Marmelstein
Aliza Morris
Robin Morris
Rabbi Shira Rosenblum
Brooke Saye
Simon Schuster
Alexandra Selevan
Aleeya Spector
Edward Tannen
Mason Teitelbaum
Lois Tompkins
Brooke Trager
Elli Trager
Jacob Vernon
Rabbi Mark Weider
David Wolinsky Z’L
Howard Wolpoff
MEGILLAH READERS
Allie Bielski
Abigail Fixel
Aaron Holzer
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Bruce Horovitz
Max Horovitz
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Gabs Magid
Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum
Rabbi Merrill Shapiro
Mitchell Wohl
Howard Wolpoff
If you would like to volunteer to read over this year, please reach out to Howard Wolpoff, Vice President of
Religious Life, at hwolpoff@gmail.com or 917-841-9547.
73
===== PAGE 76 =====
Special Events
BARK MITZVAH
On October 22, almost 50 dogs, accompanied
by their owners, joined at the JJC Ansbacher
Pavilion as we performed a myriad of
meaningful and moving Bark Mitzvah
ceremonies to mark the special coming of age
moment for dogs who are roughly 13 years old
(2 in dog years). Dogs wagged their tails as they
were called up to receive their Hebrew names
and received a naming certificate to mark the
occasion. Ancestors Toto, Snoopy, Odie, Pluto,
Scooby Doo, Lady, Tramp, Rin tin tin, Hooch,
and Lassie, were recognized as these dogs were
granted blessing in all the worthy endeavors of
their paws, with all owners everywhere.
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
Special Events
m
DIVAS ON THE BIMA/mUSIC SERIES
“Music has always been a matter of Energy to me, a question of Fuel.
Sentimental people call it Inspiration, but what they really mean is Fuel.
I have always needed Fuel. I am a serious consumer. On some nights I
still believe that a car with the gas needle on empty can run about fifty
more miles if you have the right music very loud on the radio.”- Hunter
S. Thompson
As the late Hunter S. Thompson points out, music is fuel. A great
story is carried to greater heights when the reader shifts into turbo mode
by way of melody .This was apparent a few months ago, at the conclusion
of our Season of Song Music Series and our weekend of Kol Isha: Hearing
womens’ voices.
This truly was a weekend of Kol Isha, hearing women’s voices. When
my four cantorial colleagues and friends arrived Sunday morning, I was
riding this momentum of hearing the voices of women- their struggle, and
the willpower and intestinal fortitude that it takes to overcome outrageous
odds.
Each of our four divas brought something special to our concert. Each
had a song or a moment that highlighted their story- Cantor Jen Cohen’s
“grandma’s hands,” Cantor Lizzie Shammash’s depiction of Ruth Bader
Ginsburg, Hazzan Alisa Pomerantz-Boro’s “I’m a Hazzn” and Cantor
Magda Fishman’s Broadway medley that shifted back and forth from
hebrew to english. These were beautiful pieces, but what made them so
impactful was the synergy between melody and story. We got to know
each of them on a deep personal level through their songs. Their stories,
fueled by music, are still ringing in my ear months after the concert.
I invite you to partake of all of our musical
offerings in the coming year, kicked off by our
regular instrumental Friday night services and
our kickoff musical event, the Maccabeats on
August 26. May we find ways to tell these stories
and more, and may music be the fuel that helps
us break the sound barrier and travel to places
we’ve only dreamed of.
75
===== PAGE 78 =====
Special Events
LATKES VS HAMANTASCHEN
Team Latke: Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner (C), Claudia Baker Esq., Scotty Schwartz
Team Hamantaschen: Gayle Bailys (C), Danielle Fetner, Dan Wohl
The Latke Hamantash Debate has been a University of Chicago tradition since 1946. It started with two professors
and a Hillel director who worried that their Jewish students felt alienated in the midst of the American celebration
of Christmas. Every year since then, dedicated Hillel directors, with the support of the University, have held
the debate. And every year, distinguished participants hold forth on the merits and significance of latkes and
hamantashen. In honor of this tradition, the Jacksonville Jewish Center held its own debate on the evening of
Purim, as past latke frying champion and Jack F. Shorstein Rabbinic Chair Jonathan Lubliner led the Latke team
against Gayle Baily’s Hamantaschen crew. A huge thank you to both teams for their research and ruach. Just one
of the many highlights were the creative biographies written by our participants. Here’s a sampling:
For Chef Schwartz his love of latkes started on the first night of Hanukkah in 1975. He opened a present
containing what would become his lifelong friend and muse, Mr. Potato Head he named Big Papa. Throughout
his childhood Big Papa shared Schwartz’s love of cooking and would often sit with Schwartz watching his bubbe
fry latkes. Schwartz realized that his love of cooking was his life’s calling so he and Big Papa set out to study
the culinary arts and find the perfect latke. Schwartz worked in France and learned to make the famed Pommes
Darphin. From France he and Big Papa worked in Italy seeking the perfect frittelle di patate. From there they
traveled to Switzerland to eat the legendary Rosti.
Daniel L. Wohl, MD, FACS, FAAP, FACTOID - After completing Medical School and Residency, Dr. Wohl
embarked upon a lifelong exploration of human taste and olfactory (sense of smell) evolution. During his
fellowship training, he advanced the theory that the Passover Hillel Sandwich, which combines texture and
multiple taste sensations in one bite, was an example of the human psyche searching for spiritual enlightenment
through kinetic (movement) and somatosensory (whole body sensation) activation. He subsequently published
the landmark paper, “On the exploration of multi-sensory stimulation in gustatory intake”, which made him an
overnight sensation in the field of Alimentary Sensory Integration. He became a Fellow of the American College
of Taste and Olfaction Integrative Doctors (FACTOID), and was instrumental in the founding of the National
Organization for Sensory Evolution (NOSE). Dr. Wohl encourages all people, of all backgrounds, to share their
stories of multi-textural, multi-sensory eating experiences.
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
Special Events
SHABBAT AT SEA III
This past January, fifty five members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
community went all aboard Royal Caribbean’s Majesty of the Seas for
third installment of Shabbat at Sea, or as Hazzan JJolzer would dub it,
Shabbat at Sea Part III. Many of our cruisers were traveling via cruise
ship for the very first time, but we had a core group of repeat cruisers
from our past cruise experiences. Our group ranged in age from infant
to those in their 90s, with everyone keeping themselves busy while on
board this 4 day adventure. Participants enjoyed the sights and sounds
of Nassau, Bahamas and while our relaxing day on the beaches of
Cococay was rained out, we experienced the Jacksonville Jaguar’s
miraculous pounding of the Pittsburgh Steelers from the pool deck.
There were variety shows and entertainers on board, but it was the
group experience that people enjoyed the most. Our Friday night acoustic service literally rocked the boat.
Our Saturday morning Torah study kept our minds working as we delved into what it truly means to have a
day of rest. Shabbat at Sea is a getaway we hope everyone gets a chance to take!
77
wmmmmwA
===== PAGE 80 =====
Special Events
EDUCATIONAL MILESTONES
Hebrew High School Siyyum
Confirmation
Sunday, May 20,2018
Jacob Abraham
Shira DuBow
Josh Feig
Allie Israel
Ellis Levine
Sabrina Mail
Max Mizrahi
Montgomery Phillips
Reesa Zaifert
Abby Zilberman
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Consecration Class
February 2-3,2018
Simon Dayan
Liam Friedman
Madison Hilbert
Lela Linson
Mayer McNett
Nikita Rudenko
Isaac Rush
Noam Salzman
Joseph Schuster
Andi Shapiro
Zachai Spector
Emma Wolpoff
The Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School Consecration Class
February 3-4,2018
Naomi Curl
Ian Ginsberg
Harper Heiser-Layton
Ella Homsky
Jack Jones
Isabel Korzyniowski
Joshua Solomon
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
L’Sh
Tovah
Wishing Everyone a Happy New Year
Marty, Shireen and Benjamin Chafetz
===== PAGE 82 =====
ÜShanah Tovah
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Laurie & Linda DuBow
Susan & Shira
Michael & Helen
Aaron & Sophie
Charlie
===== PAGE 83 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
Wishing a Healthy, Sweet and Happy New Year
from our family to yours.
Howard & Lauren Hochrad
Ken, Tracy, Kenny, Sophia, Madison
& Jack Hilbert
Kevin, Marissa & Finn Kaeser
Daniel, Chloe & Dylan Grosberg
Chris, Erin, Kayla & Leah Januchowski
w m
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
L’Sh
Tovah
May You Be Blessed With A Sweet & Healthy New Year
L’Shanah Tovah Umetukah
The Selevan Family
Jack & Susan
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
82
===== PAGE 85 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Michael, Lauren, Jeremy & Nathan Setzer
Benjamin, Melanie,
George & Zachary Setzer
Faye, Ari, Noa & Coby Schuchman
83
===== PAGE 86 =====
T’<sma ata tí Tnvi Tí
±j oriJArsAti i %j \jAfi
twxyf^vct'vOt
r
The Zimmermans
===== PAGE 87 =====
We Wish You All a
Happy and Healthy New Year!
La Shana Tova
Glasgal/Levy Family
Kim, Peter, Rachel & Evan
Best Wishes on a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
The
Gottlieb Family
===== PAGE 88 =====
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Joshua & Samantha
VShanah Tovah
Drs. Jeffrey & llene Levenson
Annie Levenson, MD, Peter Ganong &
Ruth Levenson
Brian & Eric Levenson
===== PAGE 89 =====
T\ha aja tt Trn/i r
JLj xtlJnL A %A V-/jlXI
Good Health, Happiness & Peace
to You and Yours
Throughout the Year
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
May the Coming Year
Bring to you all the Blessings
of Health, Peace & Joy
The Shorstein Family
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
í >• L’Shanah Tovah 4 1
Best Wishes for a
L’Shanah Tovah
Healthy & Happy
Wishing you a Happy
New Year
& Healthy New Year
Jack Bettman
Harriet & Ernie Brodsky
& Family
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Ansley & Ashton Brodsky
Best Wishes
for a Healthy & Happy
New Year
Happy New Year
Merle & Ron Cherry
Marc, Jenny, Ethan
& Bradley
Risa & Lawrence Datz
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
Brian Datz
& Alexandra
Jodi, Andrew, Bella
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
& Audrey Shapiro
Lin, Amy & Dylan
88
===== PAGE 91 =====
H Tovah 4 1
Happy New Year
Barbara & Albert Datz
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Lawrence, Risa & Brian
Datz
Jodi, Andrew, Bella &
Audrey Shapiro
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth
Emily & Laura Goldman
Gail & Paul Furman
Liza, Perry, &
Sawyer Grace Kale
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
May the Coming Year
Bring You Joy
& Happiness
Good Health & Peace
Nathan & Diane
Goldman
and Family
The Horovitz Family
Bruce & Edith
Sam, Heather, Belle
& Henry Ryan
Max, Mindy & Eliana Yael
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
L’Shanah Tovah
1»cun orn
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
—High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
We wish all our friends
& relatives a Happy
& Healthy New Year
A Year of Peace &
Blessing to all the Members
of the Center Family
nsi;
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
Shanah Tovah
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan
Avichai, Elior
& Itamar Lubliner
Our Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Wishing Everyone a
Very Happy & Healthy
New Year
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
Ben & Leo Linsky
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Jennie &
Chandler Rose Gailey
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
& Ethan Plotkin
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Sandy and Joanne
Rosenberg
Lindsay, Justin and
Sam Mastrangelo
Whitney, Ross and
Olivia Howayeck
Jillian and Ronnie Morgan
Best Wishes to
Everyone for
a Happy, Healthy,
Sweet New Year
L’Shanah Tovah
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Nina & Sophie
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Ellen & Alan Rosner
Rachel, Jesse, Ethan,
Joshua, Adam
Lauren, Max & Gabriel
i2T\2n 712'fc n:*^
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Morry & Rachel
Mathew, Dede, Antia Lily
& William Edward
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi, Louis, & Ila
Sara, Brian, Benji
& Matan Binder
91
===== PAGE 94 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
■
L’Shanah Tovah
Best Wishes for a
Tikatavu
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Michael & Barbara
Schneider
Lisa & Dan
Janet & Michael
Ivy, Joshua & Nathan
Scharf
Stefanie
Best Wishes for a
Healthy &
Happy New Year
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Mary & Leonard Selber
Ellen & Barry Setzer
and Family
Dena, Jason & Shep
Rosen
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
L’Sh
Tovah
Our Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Judy & Stephen Silverman
Jessica & David Silverman
Lexi & Aidan Silverman
Risa & Ari Silverman
Ruby, Peri & Marco
Best Wishes for
the New Year
George Strumlauf
Ross Strumlauf
Melissa & Lane
Strumlauf
Brooke, Faith & Hunter
Beth & Daryl Walter
Noah & Jesse
Wishing Everyone
a Happy & Healthy
New Year
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Rexine, Charles
& Asher Trager
Brent, Alison
Brooke & Elli
Trager
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
VSh
For the New Year
& Always...
Health, Happiness
& Peace
to You & Yours
The Weitzen F amily
Jerry & Dianne
Michael, Mangala
Maya & Joseph
Leah, Tim, Skye & Conor Seymour
Mandy & Jeremy, Ellie, Zoe, Harris
Tovah
L’Shanah Tovah
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
LaVerne & Andrew Cantor
Adam & Megan Cantor
Sara & Dimitri Kavalieros
Ayden, Elliot, Theodore & Benjamin
L’Shanah Tovah
Greg & Barbara Arnold
L’Shanah Tovah
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley, Izabella & Max
Brian, Amy, Charlotte & Parker
L’Shana Tovah
Wishing Everyone a Healthy
ana Happy New Year
Rita Baumgarten
Karen & Leopold
Bonnie & Ken
Hal & Brenda
and Grandchildren
May You All Have a Year of
Health, Happiness & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny. Ethan, Samuel
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina & Richard Buckman
Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
Jamal
94
===== PAGE 97 =====
► L’Shanah Tovah 4 f
Good Health and
A Happy New Year
Phyllis & Bob Fischer
Lori, Nir & Hannah
Bronholc
L’Shana Tova
to all our JJC friends!
Roy & Georgia Goldman
Sincere Wishes for a
Best Wishes for a
Healthy Happy New Year
Happy & Healthy New Year
Jerry Funk
Renee & Alan Gordon
Amy, Jordan &
Children & Grandchildren
Abbie Petersen
L’Shanah Tova
TA
A Happy, Healthy
Peace
May it fill our Hearts
& Peaceful New Year
our Homes and our World
Judge Marvin H. Gillman
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
Best Wishes for a
From our family to your
Happy Healthy New Year
family we wish you a
Larry & Phyllis Goldberg
happy & healthy 5779
Larry & Cara Grossman
Erik & Emily Rostholder
Gil and Carol Kleiner
Hannah & Ethan
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
L’Sh
Tovah
Best Wishes for a
Peaceful &
Healthy New Year
The Krestul Family
May This New Year Bring
Happiness & Peace to You
& Those You Love
Frances Schemer
& Family
L’Shanah Tovah
L’Shanah Tovah
Jan & Bruce Lipsky
Jessie & Rusty Felter
Emma, Eric, & Dylan Dreyer
The Osterer, Menaged,
Hassid & Storch families
May the Blessings of Health, Joy
and Peace be with us throughout
this New Year of5779.
Sylvia Lubliner
and Family
Wishing You a Sweet
& Healthy New Year
Barbara Margol
Drew, Michelle
& Gabrielle Margol
Lauren, Brandon & Sadie
Trager
Wishing you the
Sweetness of a New Year
L’Shanah Tovah
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
Wishing You a Fruitful Year
full of love, happiness and peace
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam & Rachel Warfield
Shea, Eric & Kiley Matthews
Rachael Warfield
96
===== PAGE 99 =====
L’Sh
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
Best Wishes for a Happy;
Healthy, Peaceful New Year
Carole Wolpin & Family
Michele Katz & Christie Radney
Jacob & Madison Abraham
Jeff & Stacy Katz
Wishing Everyone a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Nancy & Seeman
Zimmerman
Cara, Justin & Riley
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
Tovah
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Our
Friends, Family & Havurah
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
L’Shanah Tovah
Happy and Healthy New Year to all
The Berger Family
L’Shanah Tovah from
Linda & Philip Bloom, Lauren, Gregg, Liam
& Luke Wishna, Sasha & Charlie Gibbons
Best Wishes to All Our Friends
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Anita Dittman
Ricky & Elaine Mack
Gary & Arlene Schwartz
Mark, Erica, Asher & Owen Gottlieb
Lauren & Travis Devine
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Sandy & Bobbi Edelstein
Mindy & Rachel Whaley
Wishing Everyone a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Martin & Betty Edwards & Family
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben & Pat Frisch & Family
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
r ► vsh.
Tovah 4 ]
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Health & Happiness
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Good Health & Happiness
Carole Goldberg & Family
Best Wishes for a Healthy
Peaceful & Successful New Year
Goldstein & Maiman Families
L’Shanah Tovah
Jane & Ira Grann
Renee, Clay & Kyle Haire
Beth, Richard, Dan & Carly Exline
May the Coming Year be a Happy One
for You & Yours
Marilyn & Mike Mass
L’Shanah Tova U’Metukah
Margie & Aaron Holzer
L’Shanah Tovah
Faye, Steven, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Wishing Everyone a Happy &
Healthy New Year
Mimi & Mickey Kersun
Sam, Allison & Michael
Happy New Year
Nancy & Jack Mizrahi
Sara, Bruce, Tali & Jonah
Dena, Jonathan & Annie
Debra & Benny
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Jason, Lauren, Natalie & Nathan Rubin
Chris & Jessica McCorkle
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Robin, Jeffery, Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron, Noa, Vered & Eitan Byron Stember
L’Shanah Tovah
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh & Tara Kornblum
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee, Mischa & Aaron Pollock
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
|
May the New Year bring the rich blessings
of good health, joy, fulfillment,
and harmony.
Pamela & Simon Newman
98
===== PAGE 101 =====
Wishing You a Year of Good Health
Happiness, Contentment & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
Wishing our Family and Friends
a Healthy, Happy, Peaceful
& Prosperous New Year
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
Warmest Wishes for a Happy &
Healthy New Year
Edward & Millie Tannen
Wishing You a Year of Good
Health & Peace
George & Ellen Rubens
Joshua, Cara, Jacob, Zachary & Levi
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly
TShanah Tovah
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
Wishing You a Healthy
& Happy New Year
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
Wishing Your Family a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Beth, Howie, Evan
Andrew & Emma Wolpoff
May the Coming Year bring you Joy &
Happiness, Good Health & Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin, Brook Lynn
& Jack Koolik
Best Wishes for a Happy, Healthy New Year
Dr. Mark & Roz Abramson and Family
L’Shanah Tovah
Gayle & David Bailys, Jeremy & Lindsey, Richie
May This New Year Bring Happiness &
Peace to You
& Those You Love
Frances Schemer & Family
L’Shanah Tovah
The Baker Family
L’Shanah Tovah um’tukah
Rabbi Elizabeth Bahar & Family
For the New Year & Always
Health, Happiness & Peace
Dr. Kenneth, Sheryl & Elizabeth Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige &
Henry Benjamin Sekine
Sarah, Sam, Alexander Robert
& Sydney Jules Feller
L’Shanah Tovah
Estelle & Stuart Beckerman
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Norma, Brian, Robyn, Madyson, and Levi Bell
Best Wishes for a
Happy and Healthy New Year
The Shmunes Family
L’Shanah Tovah
Vera Benjamin
Wishing Everyone A Healthy, Happy and Peaceful New Year
Sandi Driben
===== PAGE 102 =====
Wishing You a Healthy & Happy New Year
Bob Bossen
L’Shanah Tovah
Yakov & Svetlana Goldiner
Vicky & Chris Sheppard
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
to :n
Ruchel Broadman & Family
Best Wishes For A Happy And Healthy New Year
Annette Grauer
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Becky Bromberg
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Faye, Dan, Milly & Ellen Hedrick
A Happy & Healthy New Year to all Our Fellow Congregants
Allan & Kathy Cohen
Happy, Healthy New Year
The Hernandez Family
Best Wishes for a great New Year
Jerrold & Mary Cohn
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
A Happy, Healthy and peaceful New Year
Ruth Cohn
Wishing you a Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year
Marcia Jawitz, Lisa, Susan & Carole
Happy & Healthy New Year
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Wishing You a New Year filled with many
Blessings of Peace, Health & Happiness
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Donald & Roberta Edelman
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
A Happy and Peaceful New Year
Sue, Mitch, Brett & Emily Eaglstein
Happy Healthy New Year!
Harriett & Sheldon Kaplan & Family
Warmest Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline, & Amelia Ernas
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy Year
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof & Family
Wishing Everyone a Sweet New Year
Etta Fialkow
Wishing Everyone a Sweet New Year!
Eric, Betsy, Isabel & Amelia Korzyniowski
L’Shana Tova
Miriam Finegold-Price & Family
A Happy, Healthy New Year
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
L’Shanah Tovah
Michael, Beth, Ariella, Joshua Fleet, Dorielle Parker & Maayan Fleet
Wishing peace, health, and laughter for the new year
Stacy, Jeff, Sydney, Jagger & Jayden Leach
Happy and Healthy New Year
Elaine Furman & Family
A healthy and happy new year
Marla, Gary, Pamela, Steven, & Rosi Lewis
Wishing everyone L’shana Tova Tikatavu
Vicki Gatewood
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jeff & Penny Marks
A Happy and Healthy New Year
Hilda Goldman
Happy New Year
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg & Sharon Michaels
100
===== PAGE 103 =====
Tovah
L’Shanah Tova u’Metuka!
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Sincerely, Susan, Jeff, Melissa & Sarah Neadle
Ben Talpalar & Family
L’Shanah Tovah u ‘Metuka
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year to All
Ken & Peggy Organes & Family
Dot Verstandig
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
Sumner & Joan Waitz
Happy New Year To All!
Happy New Year
Evelyn Peck
Edward J. & Bunny S. Witten and Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joey Plotkin
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin, George & Zachary Setzer
Happiness, Peace & Good Health
Wishing Everyone a Healthy & Happy New Year
Ron & Lita Poehlman
Cathy & Bruce Yergin
Best Wishes for a Healthy and Happy New Year
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler and Family
Anne Presser & Family
Happy & Healthy New Year
Brian & Judie Benwick
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
Carla & Larry Bernard and Family
Best wishes for a happy & healthy new year
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Ed Bernard
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Moti, Cindy, Michael, Courtney & Ori Demri
Devon, Perrin, Avi & Micah Rubin
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Yakov Feig, Denise Sherman, Joshua & Anna
Florence & Jerry Schemer and Family
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Priscilla, David, Jason, Rebecca, Matthew & Hudson Schmerer
Marilyn D. Freedman
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Alois Gendzier
Carole Sinoff & Family
L’Shanah Tovah
The Spector Family
Damian, Emilv, Rachel, Aleeya & Zachai
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford and Family
Diane Greenbaum & Allen Gray
Best Wishes for a Peaceful New Year
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
Wendy Honigman and Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Leo & Shelia Jacobson
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
L’Sh;
Mimi & Marty Kaufman and Family
Sylvia Kraemer
Phyllis Paul Lewis and Family
Dorothy Legum
Pearl Marton
Hilda Mazo and Ted Mazo and Family
William Rose
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth and Family
Tovah
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
Leonard & Frieda Saraga and Family
Shirley G. Schemer and Family
Ann & Leon Silke and Family
Lynn Sussman
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Tompkins
Elsie Yellin
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
Board of Directors, Clergy and Staff
Wish You a
Happy and Healthy New Year
102
===== PAGE 105 =====
Shalom and Shanah Tovah!
As the Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s VP of Education, it is
an honor to serve Jacksonville’s
Jewish community. A lot has been
accomplished during this past year
and we are excited to continue our
positive momentum into the future.
The members of the Galinsky
Academy Cabinet are proud of the
work we do together and remain committed to the success of our
schools.
I recently heard someone say that providing our children with
a Jewish education is “sacred work”. Those who call Jacksonville
home come together to make this an effective community. We are
a community which values Jewish education and a community that will do what it takes to ensure this “sacred
work” continues.
II
I This past year a significant effort was made to expand the reach of our schools. We are building bridges
to ensure every Jewish family is aware of our educational offerings and is welcomed into our tent with a smile.
Our strategy of outreach to the larger Jewish community for students is helping us grow. Enrollment for both
our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and our DuBow Preschool was up for the 2017/2018 school year and we are
{expecting continued growth for next year.
Our goals for outreach don’t stop at new students. During this past year a significant effort was made to
(attract new donors to our annual L’Dor V’Dor campaign. We believe our schools nurture leaders for the entire
community of tomorrow. That awareness has helped us attract new donors, both Jewish and non-Jewish alike. A
special thank you to our volunteer leaders of the 2018 L’Dor V’Dor event. Kim Glasgal, Faye Hedrick, Andrea
Mail and Haley Trager worked tirelessly to put on a heartwarming celebration honoring the DuBow Family
I and JFCS. Our volunteers are supported by an amazing professional staff which we are lucky to have. This
fundraiser is a critical piece of our operational budget and is a great show of support, by this community, for the
(work we do.
Comprised of the DuBow Preschool, the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School, the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, and Setzer Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy teaches our kids to respect themselves and
¡others. They learn about and perform Mitzvot. We teach about the rich history and customs of the Jewish people
as we celebrate Shabbat and the Chaggim. Our next generation honors and rejoices with a love for G-d through
Tefillah. The schools of the Galinsky Academy help each family create a proud Jewish identity for a lifetime.
We are truly a family of families, and a community of learners. It takes a village to raise a child and
our children grow up to be advocates for Israel, philanthropists, entrepreneurs, doctors, teachers, lawyers, and
engaged Jewish adults. Our kids will lead our people and the communities in which they live into a bright future.
We need our entire village to care about and serve this cause. I ask that you please support this “sacred work”
by making Jacksonville’s Jewish Education worthy of a spot at the top of your philanthropic initiatives. We need
everyone to help ensure Jewish Education in Jacksonville can do more than just survive. Together, we can thrive!
Sincerely,
Brent Trager
Galinsky Academy, VP of Education
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
===== PAGE 106 =====
Galinsky Academy
l’dor v’dor annual giving campaign
L’Dor V’Dor - from generation to generation - reminds the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and greater community annually
of the importance of supporting programs for Jewish youth
including Center youth groups, religious school, Camp Ki
Tov, DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb Day School.
This year was an incredible celebration of the 75th anniversary
of our beloved DuBow Preschool, which led to outstanding
community support.
The Galinsky Academy is especially thankful for the
dedication and hard work of the event co-chairs, Faye
Hedrick and Haley Trager, in making the 2018 L’Dor V’Dor Celebration and Awards Dinner
so meaningful and special! Thank you to all our staff, volunteers, teachers, and distinguished
guests for creating a truly unforgettable evening and celebrating 75 years of quality education.
It is truly a testament to the commitment of this community to see the broad support for
both Jewish Education and the DuBow Family. It is wonderful that the children can be a part
of such a loving and inclusive community. In addition to receiving the support of our Jewish
Community, it was thrilling to have so many non-Jewish community leaders sharing this
milestone, which emphasizes the importance of early childhood education in our city. Our
DuBow Preschool provides a loving and nurturing environment for children and families,
regardless of religious affiliation.
As we strengthen the bonds across and within Jacksonville’s philanthropic community,
we help the people who call this place home. Let us all push our philanthropic work forward
together and continue to ignite the spirit of helping each other from generation to generation.
L’dor V’dor
104
===== PAGE 107 =====
WSsWS^^WIinkfMBiMis^^^M
L’DOR V’DOR ANNUAL GIVING CAMPAIGN
105
===== PAGE 108 =====
DuBow Preschool and
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION
Why Choose DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Over
Other Options?
DuBow Preschool holds the highest accreditation from Guiding Stars of
Duval. Martin J. Gottlieb Day School holds accreditation from the Florida
Council of Independent Schools and is a member of the National Association
of Independent Schools. These two groups, which include both secular and
religious institutions, hold us to the highest standards for education. It is with
tremendous confidence that I can say our students get just as much or more
than students at non-religious schools in the area of secular academics. Our
research based, best practices curriculum leads us to have students headed to
the most selective schools for high school including Stanton, Paxon, Mandarin
AICE, Bolles, and St. John’s Country Day. Many of our students graduate
having already achieved high school credits in both foreign language and math
At our schools, the children live in a fully immersive world, which is what they will face in the jobs
in their future. The teachers are beginning an intelligent redesign of our curriculum, asking themselves (1)
why they teach the material, (2) how they can teach in a way that puts depth of content first, (3) how is it
integrative of multiple subjects, and (4) how it is adaptive to varied types of learners. In each grade level,
we strive to ensure children are growing the following skills: oral communication, written communication,
critical thinking, collaboration, quantitative reasoning, information literacy, idea integration, and intercultural
competence. By looking for opportunities to combine subjects through STEAM incorporated with Judaics or
character education (Jewish values) with personal narrative writings, students do not experience learning in
silos. Through a progressive slant on early childhood education, we prioritize exploration, play, and experiential
learning. As children grow older, differentiation of academic needs is found through project-based learning
experiences. Interestingly, we are finding a large number of families are interested in our program due to the
dual language approach. Learning a language with another alphabet, research shows, stretches the capacity
of the brain. Text study, in a foreign language, prepares students for drawing connections and deep-dives into
content that few students experience before college.
1 am excited about the work we are doing to ensure excellence in education across all ages and grade
levels. We have tremendous momentum and opportunities in the year to come through newly received grants
that will allow our students to gain even more through their learning. I look forward to hearing from you and
sharing our schools with you!
From my family to yours, Shana Tova U’mituka,
Raquel Scharf-Anderson, Proud Head of Schools
Raquel Scharf-Anderson
Head of Schools
(Algebra and Geometry).
===== PAGE 109 =====
DuBow Preschool and
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
DuBow Preschool and
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A COMMUNITY OF LEARNING
Shana Tova! We want to share with you what makes DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb exceptional.
An exceptional school is one that is comprised of students, parents, faculty, and board members who love
learning and are committed to the mission of the school. The mission of our schools puts the academic,
social, and emotional needs of children first. Our schools value critical thinking and allows students to
become globally responsible citizens. Our schools lead with a mission that nurtures the individual and
allows each student to reach their full potential, academically and personally.
An exceptional school creates a trusting community between all stakeholders. With regard to faculty,
each teacher needs to be involved with decision making. Teachers need to have the opportunity to give
their input, which allows for the successful implementation of both policy and practice. It is crucial for
educators to continue to learn and grow through professional development.
Parents play a pivotal role in an exceptional school. Establishing a structure that allows parents to
express their needs and concerns promotes a respectful environment for learning. Communication between
the school and parents is key for parents to be connected with their child’s education. Offering parents
opportunities to be on the school campus and involved in the programs of the school is also essential.
We believe an exceptional school places the student’s needs first. A great academic program strives
to give students the tools to become independent learners. A successful program values varied learning
styles and looks for ways to be inclusive of different types of learners - visual, auditory, or tactile, as
examples. It has an integrated curriculum that exposes students to links between subjects, allows for more
critical thinking, and prepares 21st century learners. An excellent school holds children accountable for
great work and behavior with consequences that are both appropriate and meaningful. An exceptional
school recognizes the importance of technology and is prepared to integrate it with learning. Finally,
an exceptional school values the development of each student, encouraging their learning and helping
them find success.
Come visit DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. You will see for yourself what
makes our schools exceptional!
Shana Tova U’mituka,
Raquel Scharf-Anderson
Proud Head of Schools
Edith Horovitz
Asst. Head of Schools
Karin S. Hallett
Asst. Head of Schools
Liat Walker
Judaic Studies Supervision
Arlene Yegelwel
Lower School Supervision
I
mmmmtKBSKSSSSM
' '' " - - — ' — - - - - • 1
!
108
===== PAGE 111 =====
DuBo
SCHOOL
PLAYTIME AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES
109
===== PAGE 112 =====
► DuBow Preschool 4
Du Bow:
Kyrfc. English PhobogMpWg
Doobonim 2
Left to Right
Top Row: Ms. Jane
Dafna H.
Olivia H.
Avigael LR
Delaney V.
Ms. Mariya
Bottom Row: Keanu M
Benjamin H
Ben L
Roei K
Brody S
Not Pictured:
Edina S
Kofim 2
Left to Right
Top Row: Ms. Lindsey
Jacob M.
Jack R.
Jackson S.
Kyle H.
Ms. Amy
Bottom Row: Ethan R.
Eliana R.
Maggie B.
Solomia F.
Zachary C.
Not Pictured: Beryl S.
Rosie C.
Alexa R.
Doobonim 1
Left to Right
Baron O.
Ms. Fran
Emilio S.
Eliana H.
Ava M.
Ms. Fira
Henry H.
Ella S.
Ms. Tamara
Andrew K.
Not Pictured: Jordana S.
Kofim 1
Left To Right
Top Row: Ms. Brooke
Maya L.
Leora N.
Brooke H.
Shelby R.
Brielle R.
Ella A.
Ms. Billie
Bottom Row: Brody E.
Colton C.
Nathaniel S.
Camden C.
Henry D.
Jonah W.
110
===== PAGE 113 =====
► DuBow Preschool 4
Parparim 1
Left to Right
Top Row: Ms. Melissa
Jackson C.
Jeremy S.
Jake B.
Bottom Row: Lily S.
Alyssa K.
Lauren H.
Belle H.
Not Pictured: Ellen H.
Ms. Maryanne
LilahB.
Tzeeporim 1
Left to Right
Top Row: Ms. Alyse
Caleb H.
Bradley R.
Rena H.
Eva S.
Alexander O.
Richmond C.
Ms. Tamara
Bottom Row: Alexa K.
Paloma M.
Sofia T.
Emma B.
Abigail F.
Not Pictured: Levi B.
Lily K.
Ms. Stephanie
Parparim 2
Left to Right
Luke K.
Eleanor L.
Rowan O.
Eden L.
Shelby S.
Benjamin D.
Ms. Irit
Not Pictured
Vivienne S.
Ms. Julia
Tzeeporim 2
Left to Right
Top Row: Ms. Alicia
Max K.
Bryce K.
Oliver S.
Jack H.
Daniel M.
Sebastian C.
Ms. Carolyn
Bottom Row: Rowan M
Ayelet O.
Zoey R.
Tali W.
Bethenny Z.
Jensen L.
Ill
===== PAGE 114 =====
►— DuBow Preschool Treehouse —4
SWINGING AROUND IN THE TREEHOUSE
Bring your baby to class! The DuBow Preschool Treehouse offers Parent & Me Classes
for ages 2 months- 2 years old. These classes (anywhere from 3-6 weeks per session) give
participants the opportunity to “dip their toes” into the preschool and learn and grow in
all areas of development. Treehouse is always aiming to add new and interesting classes
for parents & babies. Two fixtures of the Treehouse include Family Music & Movement
(since 2013), a wonderful first class for parent and baby as music is one of the earliest
ways to bond with baby and build social & language development and Shalom Baby, a
monthly free playgroup centered around Shabbat traditions and includes story time, music,
and crafts.
Treehouse has also offered: Theatre for Babies (experiencial theatre for babies 3-12
months old), Color Splash Class (sensory class), Baby-Sign-A-Long (sign language),
Stroller Workout, and Parent & Me Yoga. Treehouse classes run on different mornings of the week all 12 months of
the year with many classes at full enrollment and waiting fists expected. Visit treehouse.dubowpreschool.org or www.
facebook.com/dubowpreschooltreehouse or call 904.292.1241 to obtain schedule information or to view photos and
details on all of the classes. See you in The Treehouse!
Treehouse Coordinator: Emily Carpenter
treehouse@dubowpreschool .org
DuBow
PRESCHOOL
TREEHOUSE
Hr
family
o Music
y More iíi®1
The Jewish Playgroup With A Twist!
112
===== PAGE 115 =====
Kids Club
CARRY ON THE LEARNING AND FUN INTO OUR EXTENDED DAY PROGRAM!
The DuBow Preschool and the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School are pleased to provide, in the 2018-2019 school year,
a revamped after school program for children ages one through fourteen. We offer morning care from 7:00 am until
school begins and after care until 6:00 pm. We also offer top notch winter, spring and summer camps. We will provide
engaging, enriching days full of exploring and fun when school is not in session.
During our morning care session children are able to eat breakfast, play and spend time with friends. For our
older students along with socializing and eating breakfast they are also able to study before school begins.
The learning through play and fun continues into our afternoons each school day. We are open until 6pm each
night, except for Fridays, when we close at 5:30pm to give our faculty, students and families time to prepare for
Shabbat. This year we are excited to offer several new daily clubs for our students from VPK-8th grade. Aside from
clubs they will also be provided a snack, homework help and time for outdoor sports and activities. For our DuBow
Preschool students we will be offering soccer, dance and tumbling courses as part of our after care program along
with our weekly themes. Students enjoy the cooking activities, science experiments, art projects and playground fun
coinciding with each theme. We are pleased to provide care that will aid in developing children’s cognitive, social,
language, and motor skills through play based learning and hands on experiences in a loving, nurturing environment.
113
===== PAGE 116 =====
►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
STEAMING AHEAD!
STEAM—hands-on, multidisciplinary learning agendas across classrooms and grade levels, have been popular
at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. We began our journey two years ago, actively engaging our students
around subjects in Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Math—all subjects where the creative process
is paramount and growing students who are innovators is the goal. Exposure to a range of life skills is the
byproduct of a STEAM-infused classroom, including the ability to problem solve, persist, and collaborate. By
emphasizing student collaboration on challenging and co-curricular projects, both students and teachers are
able to go outside the traditional classroom to enhance student learning.
Since its inception, the STEAM program has grown tremendously in both scope and resources—not least
due to grant awards and the support of generous donors. This year, we are STEAMing ahead as our STEAM
Lab moves to a more prominent location in the day school and, more importantly, is staffed by a director tasked
with overseeing the integration and implementation of STEAM-related pedagogies and practices at both the
Dubow Preschool and the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. We are looking forward to an even more exciting
year filled with lots of STEAM-infused learning for all our students. Please look for our MakerCon Faire later
in the school year for a taste of STEAM. We hope to see you there!
114
===== PAGE 117 =====
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
,'VWBP
J
-—fc-i—
—1
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
1
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
CLASSES OF 2017-2018
¡will
f
/ Ú&tmm
Ér_ GOTTI
WBim
Kindergarten
Ms. Adva Kiel
Ms. Pam Lewis
Joshua Watsky
Oliver Weil
Elliott Neihaus
Suleiman Castaño
Hannah Rostholder
Nicole Shapiro,
Lily Pop Ansbacher
Not Pictured: Reese Orshansky
First Grade
Top Row:
Morah Hanna Bendit
Morah Robin Morris
Zachai Spector
Emma Wolpoff
Max Cinnamon
Joseph Schuster
Madison Hilbert
Liam Friedman
Mrs. Judy Paul
Bottom Row:
Isaac Rush
Lela Linson
Simon Dayan
Noam Salzman
Nikita Rudenko
Andi Shapiro
Not Pictured:
Mayer McNett
116
===== PAGE 119 =====
►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
CLASSES OF 2017-2018
■l art in
GOTTLIEB
MV
Second Grade
Top Row:
Mrs. Suzanne Nessler
Zachary Setzer
Noah Neihaus
Eli Kuvin
Levi Kaplan
Morah Rivka Cohen
Bottom Row:
Sophia Adamidis
Anna Millrood
Elianah Merwin
Rayna Kempner
Not Pictured:
Max Cinnamon
Third Grade
Top Row:
Mrs. Lisa Ross
Aaron Rocca-Marquez
Vivi Weil
Joey Morgenthal
Ariadna Castaño
Mason Gridley
Nina McNett
Avner Tzabari
Morah Liat Walker
Bottom Row:
Cole Zimmerman
Brennan Zaner
Itamar Ohayon
Eli Dayan
Hank Shapiro
Leo Rush
Eli Zagagi
Not Pictured:
Chloe Baker
Martin },
GOTTLIEB
8*V S«»00t '
Fourth Grade
Top Row:
Ms. Michelle Lewis
DJ Kempner
Sophia Hilbert
Kyra Jaffa
Agam Levi
Ashton Brodsky
Sam Schuster
Bottom Row:
Max Sullivan
Lily Watsky
Gabriel Kaye
Remy Sadowsky
Harper Gardner
Andrew Wolpoff
Morah Rivka Cohen
117
===== PAGE 120 =====
►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
CLASSES OF 2017-2018
Fifth Grade
Top Row:
Morah Liat Walker
Elizabeth Finelt
Brooke Gridley
Morgan Nathans
Blake Zaner
Mrs. Andrea Raitt
Bottom Row:
Efrat Ohayon
Micah Jaffa
Sadie Handmaker
Not Pictured:
Brian Charpiat
Noam Tzabari
Sixth Grade
Top Row:
George Setzer
Elliana Tesler
Masha Bezverkh
Jacob Gross
Madelyn Millrood
Samuel Kaplan
Bottom Row:
Nava Kempner
Taliz Zagagi
Jacob Morgenthal
Evan Wolpoff
Lily Davis
Maya Letts
118
===== PAGE 121 =====
P— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
CLASSES OF 2017-2018
Martm ll
GOTTifl
* m ' •
Seventh Grade
Top Row:
Moses Jaffa
Eva Gridley
Ava Jaffa
Aleeya Spector
Daniel Bubis
Bottom Row:
Yosef Ben-Naim
Anna Feig
Ariel Ohayon
Dorothy Handmaker
Aiden Kempner
Eighth Grade
Top Row:
Ben Davis
Abigail Fixel
Julia DeBardeleben
Isabel 1 Zhukov
Jack Hernandez
Bottom Row:
Austin Gardner
Allie Bielski
Samantha Letts
Noam Ben-Naim
119
===== PAGE 122 =====
►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
KNOWING IS GROWING...
Fostering a love of learning for the sake of learning while instilling knowledge and a strong ethical foundation
grounded in Judaism is an important goal at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. Acting with Kavod (respect) and
Kindness is fundamental to daily interactions. Students develop important leadership skills as they assume roles in
the Knesset, the student government. In addition to learning Hebrew as the language of our people, students benefit
from participating in our dual language program by becoming more sophisticated thinkers, and by developing better
listening and memory skills. An added benefit is the fact that students can graduate from the Middle School with 3
high school foreign language credits. Students participate in the Regional Science Fair and in highly individualized
math classes allowing students to move as quickly or as slowly as needed to master the skills. While our annual
retreat allows for important bonding experiences, our 8th grade trip to New York highlights American and Jewish
history, cultural activities and awesome Kosher dining. After guiding our students to achieve their personal best in
the classroom, students then take their academic skills beyond the formal classroom putting lessons into action. As
part of our award winning Mitzvah program, hands-on projects in the community allow students to take knowledge
to a new level and see their role in the world around them.
===== PAGE 123 =====
►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
ajmi ¡5 Wlfds
PS2M,3»,W
5® 1 \m, 2^1%^
W «w
W'tf -W)
121
===== PAGE 124 =====
Camp Ki To
ANOTHER SUCCESSFUL SUMMER
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Camp Ki Tov, Summer 2018, was full of fun!! With brand new
opportunities our registration was overflowing from the start! We had
y HIP some new faces on staff eager to meet their campers, plus familiar
r • f faces eager to say hello again! This summer with our brand new
themes, a few field trips off site and visitor’s onsite, campers enjoyed
using our 34-acre property to enjoy their summer. We enjoyed mad
science with Mrs. Susan during the start of our summer and we ended
our summer with some specialty weeks! We put on our very own Theater Production, we had
an entire week of Color War fun, we cooked around the World and we even dove into the Lego
theme. We enjoyed spending our Friday afternoon’s together welcoming the Sabbath by having
our very own Kabbalat Shabbat. Our camper’s helped to lead our service with prayers, songs, a
story and the Kiddush. Our L.I.T. program brought in lots of help for our growing cabins. Our L.I.T.’s had lots of
fun learning leadership skills and making friendships while working with campers and other counselors!
Each day cabin’s competed with spirit and pride to win the beloved ‘spirit stick.’ We had the privilege of
hosting counselors from Israel at Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought to our
camp! As usual, we also had a great time at our annual Camp Ki Tov overnight!! There was special nighttime
swimming, flashlight games, Counselor-Hide-And-Seek, plus a sweet treat to round out the night!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and we were more than
successful! Many thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy, and to the loving parents. A big
shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who dedicated their summer to making memories for
our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy, and happy year. We look forward to creating more friendships with your children
during summer 2019 at Camp Ki Tov!!!
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
122
===== PAGE 125 =====
Galinsky Academy
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The Galinsky Academy PTA is incredibly proud of the 2017-2018
school year and all of the exciting programming that provided
an enhanced sense of community and true engagement for all of
our students and families. The PTA is also sincerely delighted to
have been able to make significant monetary gifts to the Galinsky
Academy and the Jacksonville Jewish Center to improve the
curriculum, including a donation to L’Dor V’Dor. Smaller, but
noteworthy, contributions made by the PTA included subsidies for several successful community events, as well as
purchases for individual schools and classrooms in order to further enrich our students’ learning experience.
As we welcome everyone to the 2018-2019 school year, the Galinsky Academy PTA is looking forward to
sharing a collection of fun-filled activities and programs while maintaining our generous support for our schools.
This year, with much thought placed in our programming, we will pursue a focus on community and discovering
: Jewish identity by revisiting some of the traditional opportunities, as well as exploring new ones to help the
Galinsky Academy to grow.
We continue our efforts to enrich community support by working hand-in-hand with the school staff and
leadership team to provide the greatest learning and teaching experience at the Galinsky Academy. Moving forward,
we strive for this “partnership” to provide positive energy towards reaching a common goal for our schools.
Galinsky Academy PTA encourages partnership and teamwork all year long for every member. We hope to
grow with our members as we welcome their shared resourcefulness and efforts with the variety of projects we
have in store for this year. No matter the skill or talent, and whatever the reason, the role for support can be as little
or as much time that can be afforded. Being involved to make Galinsky Academy a better place for all can truly be
a rewarding experience.
Come together, make new connections. Be the Light.
PTA Officers
Rachel Brodsky - PTA President
Emily Spector - Vice President
Jodi Weil - Treasurer
Tracy Hilbert - Secretary
Faye Hedrick - Preschool &
Religious School Liaison
123
===== PAGE 126 =====
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Bernard & Alice
SELEVAN
RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
Our Religious School family is made up of our nurturing
and creative staff, bright and enthusiastic students, and
daily interaction with our caring clergy. We have a
curriculum filled with meaningful Jewish experiences,
engaging every child through music, stories, art, and
games. 21st Century learning as well as traditional
classroom study provides structure and allows us to
challenge students of all levels and abilities, as we
continue to learn from each other. The smiles on the
children’s faces at the beginning and the end of each
day tell our story!
This year, we updated our middle school curriculum, concentrating on the
connections of mitzvot, our history, and Israel to our modern lives, and building
a Jewish “toolbox” for our graduates to keep and use as young, Jewish adults in
the future. Our inclusive family programs allowed for parent involvement and
instruction, and we continued to use our Online Learning Center, which allows
students to practice reading and prayer skills at home. Next year, we will expand
our use of technology-based learning with a new Tek-lab opportunity. We also
have already planned “Bring-Your-Parent-To-Class” days, and individualized tefillah (prayer) challenges will
be added to our very popular “Mensch Money” incentive program.
Our program encompasses Kindergarten through 7th grade. K and 1 attend on Sundays mornings only,
while older students add Wednesday afternoon classes to allow us to intensify and expand our Hebrew skills.
Special needs professionals and small-group tutors are available to be sure that each child is challenged and
allowed to move at their own pace.
We pride ourselves on our healthy blend of traditional and modern methods. The 2018-2019 school year
promises to include even more innovative and exciting changes as we constantly strive to keep our students
stimulated and excited about their Jewish education journey.
Lois Tompkins
Director
Amy and Don Levinson
Chairs
Wishing you a sweet and healthy new year: L ’shana Tovah Umetuka!
Lois B. Tompkins
Staff: Moshe Benkandil, Hanna Bendit, Ashley Brown, Audrey Goldberg, Marty Goldmintz,
Amit Homsky, Adva Kiel, Hannah Lee, Karen Morse, David Schmerer, Alec Tompkins, and
Dana VanWinkle. Jennifer Carson is the assistant, Lois Tompkins is the Principal.
Clergy is Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum, and Hazzan Jesse Holzer.
“ :: '
124
===== PAGE 127 =====
1^ Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
The Joni Shmunes “Mensch of the Year” Award was set up
as recognition for a graduating 7th grader from the Bernard
and Alice Religious School who displays a commitment
to Jewish studies. In memory of our beloved teacher, Joni
Shmunes z”l, we will continue each year to honor students
with consistent attendance and a sincere willingness to learn
in Religious School - especially one who puts his or her
heart and soul into learning about their Judaism despite any
challenges or roadblocks along the way! We are very proud
to recognize Elizabeth Rutansky as the honoree for the
2017-2018 school year.
125
===== PAGE 128 =====
\<r Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
CLASSES OF 2017-2018
First Grade - Alef
Naomi Curl
Han Ginsberg
Harper Heiser-Layton
Kindergarten - Gan
Jayden Agidius
Rafael Bryskin
Dillon Efron
Milly Hedrick
Zachary Shilts
Ella Homsky
Jack Jones
Isabel Korzyniowski
Joshua Solomon
Second Grade - Bet
Harry Aaronson
Briar Agidius
Carson Agidius
Madyson Bell
Reba Gould
Sophie Hammer
Toby Hoff
Barrett Hunt
Logan Hunt
Ben Levinson
Abigail Miller
Sam Resnick
Mara Rotenberg
Tavi Schwartz
Jordyn Shilts
Third Grade - Gimel
Zachary Bomser
Benjamin Bryskin
Chava Donohoe
Adam Ferreira
Jayden Leach
Kyle Sacks
Kayla Vernon
Shainah Wiener
Nathan Willens
126
===== PAGE 129 =====
Ih Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -i
CLASSES OF 2017-2018
Fourth Grade - Dalet
Gabriela Bernstein
Kagan Gould
Charlie Milian
Brady Pargman
Adrielle Schwartz
Lizzie Teitelbaum
Amelia Wilhelm
Fifth Grade - Hay
Avigail Barak
Max Carson
Zach Hoff
Ben Marmelstein
Scott Miller
Charlie Resnick
Noah Wasserman
Ari Widens
Sixth Grade - Vav
Charlie Aaronson
Danny Bomser
David Bryskin
Dante Gaviglio
Sophia Milian
Abigail Rotenberg
Jake Rutansky
Noah Sacks
Joel Silverstein
Tyler Vernon
Sara Wasserman
Sophia Wilhelm
Seventh Grade - Zayin
Lexi Bernstein
Elbe Carson
Isaac Davis
Josh DeBardeleben
Jacob Hairel
Andrew Herbst
Elad Homsky
Daniel Marmelstein
Elizabeth Rutansky
Brooke Saye
Alexandra Selevan
Mason Teitelbaum
Elli Trager
Brooke Trager
Lailah Wiener
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
Setzer Youth Education
~i*
SETZER
YOUTH EDUCATION
Setzer Youth Education is the department of the Galinsky
Academy that is home to our youth group programming.
We engage with students from 4th - 12th grade, giving
them experiences designed to build friendships and create
memories with their peers. The beauty of our experiential
program is that it provides a safe, fun environment that
allows our youth to develop and strengthen their Jewish
identities as well as their commitment to the Jewish
community here in Jacksonville and around the world-
all while having fun!
In Chalutzim (4th and 5th grade) the primary focus is to build bridges and
foster friendships that extend beyond the walls of the Day School and Religious
School.This builds so that in Kadima(6th-8th grade) students take more initiative
and are taught about the leadership it requires to run their chapter. By the time
they reach USY (9th-12th grade), the students take over, putting their leadership
skills into practice.
The department had some big wins this year. Our membership increased by 40 percent, with steady
attendance in all youth groups throughout the year. We employed an awesome staff of advisors—young
professionals who served as Jewish role models for the kids. We stayed up all night hosting USY’s Mercaz
Schmoozefest and took 51 kids to Yom Universal and back.
Being Jewish should be fun, and it’s our goal to prove that to our youth —after all, they are the next
generation of Jewish leaders! We need them engaged in and fulfilled by Jewish life now, so that it’s something
they effortlessly carry with them throughout all stages of life. Whether you find joy in Judaism by roller
skating, free-style rapping, playing “Capture the Flag,” going to conventions, dancing at an Ugly Hanukkah
Sweater Party at the Coves, or welcoming the new week with Havdallah and a bonfire in the parking lot (this
happened multiple times this year!)...There’s never a dull moment in our youth groups.
We hope you’ll join us and get in on the fun this year. ShanaTovah u'Metukah from the Youth Department!
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
Gabrielle Magid
Youth Director
The Youth Commission oversees all youth programs
sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, and Scouts. The committee
includes the USY president(s), congregants, the youth
director, and second rabbi. The Youth Commission’s
vision is to inspire youth to embrace being Jewish
and joyfully engage with the community. The Youth
Commission’s mission is to provide opportunities for
youth to deepen their experience of Judaism, grow lasting
friendships, and learn menschlichkeit (kindness, integrity,
honor, compassion) through community service, prayer,
sports, arts, leadership training, and nature.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups,
the Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to
attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as
Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar
in Israel and USY Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome
fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers
from all over the United States and Canada. The
Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of
scholarships.
COMMITTEE
CHAIR
Mauri Mizrahi
STAFF LIAISONS - Gabrielle Magid
and Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosen hi um
Allan Andrew
Hilary Rotenberg
Alison Trager
Lisa Ross
Alyse Nathans
Lisa Wolfson
Beth Wolpoff
Marla Rosin-Borrousch
Brent Trager
Marte Wasserman
Brian Bell
Maura Silverstein
Carrie Bielski
Melissa Miller
Christina Levine
Nancy Davis
Claudia Margolis
Naomi Herman
Dari Ben-Naim
Pamela Lewis
Dan Jaffa
Perrin Rubin
Dave Bielski
Rebekah Selevan
Debbie Goldstein
Sara Widens
Debby Kaye
Stacy Leach
Faye Mizrahi
Yakov Feig
Gayle Bailys
128
===== PAGE 131 =====
Setzer Youth Education
HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL
This year our Hebrew High program focused on preparing Jewish teens for life
in the 21st Century. Together with Rabbi Rosenblum and guest speakers, teens
in grades 8-11 participated in informal, experiential programs, community
service opportunities and positive peer interactions. We engaged with Jewish
values and concepts while learning how to handle a variety of real-life issues
teens may face in high school, college and beyond. Some highlights of our
year included a trip to an escape room, Shabbat dinner at Rabbi Rosenblum’s
apartment and decorating our very own mezuzot. We learned about the Jewish
communal organizations in Jacksonville that are supported by Federation and
discussed our top priorities for allocating funds to each organization. We also
took part in the first-of-its-kind High School Global Screening Day for Yom
HaZikaron, Israel’s Memorial Day, along with Jewish teens from over 70
Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum high schools, in six countries, across four continents. The teens explored the
Chair intersection between Jewish and American values as well as some of the ways
Christina Levine in which Judaism relates to our lives today.
Setzer Youth Education at the Jacksonville Jewish Center is excited to
announce a new Hebrew High School program for the 2018-2019 school year! Building upon the successes of
this past year, the Jacksonville Jewish Teen Leadership Initiative will offer our teens even more opportunities
to give back to the greater community. The program will have an increased emphasis on social justice and
the cultivation of leadership skills as our teens continue to mature into Jewish young adults. We look forward
to learning and growing together in the coming year!
129
===== PAGE 132 =====
SIYYUM
THE TWELFTH GRADE YEAR OF SETZER YOUTH EDUCATION
Siyyum, a program for 12th graders leading to Confirmation, reflects the link between Jewish learning and
social action. Through involvement in Siyyum, our teens gain a deeper appreciation of the wisdom and beauty of our
tradition while making a real difference in the quality of life for those who live at the margins of the Jacksonville
community. The gatherings are filled with fun, friendship and spiritual growth as the students learn and celebrate
Jewish identity through Tikkun Olam. Thanks to the Zimmerman Family Foundation, those who enroll and regularly
attend Siyyum qualify for a full merit scholarship to participate at the annual Policy Conference of the American
Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) in Washington D.C., at which thousands of supporters of Israel gather to
learn, network, and lobby on behalf of Israel. Cognizant of the challenges many Jewish students face on college
campuses, Policy Conference helps prepare undergraduates to respond to anti-Israel sentiment and serve as more
effective and informed ambassadors on behalf of Israel. Students meet with leaders of national prominence and
participate in the process of lobbying congressional representatives. At year’s end we look forward to the students’
participation in Confirmation, a community celebration of our 12th graders’ completion of their Jewish secondary
education. If you would like more information about the Siyyum program as your child approaches 12th grade,
please contact the clergy office at dberke@jaxjewishcenter.org.
130
===== PAGE 133 =====
Setzer Youth Education 4
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is fortunate to have a large representation of youth participating in summer
programs. These programs are sponsored through the Conservative Movement and each one offers a great summer
opportunity for informal enrichment and meaningful education.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center sent 48 children to
camp this past summer. There are many opportuntities
to experience Camp Ramah Darom during the summer.
In addition to a four or eight week session Camp Ramah
Darom offers:
TASTE OF RAMAH
• An introductory program for children entering 3rd
or 4th grade to expose them to the magic of Camp
Ramah Darom.
SUMMER FAMILY CAMP
• During the week, adults enjoy relaxation, recreation,
and exciting classes taught by Jewish educators
while children participate in camp activities.
GRANDPARENT WEEKEND
• An opportunity to experience what your grandchildren
do during the summer and leam why they love camp
so much.
CAMP RAMAH STAFF
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Sarah Miller
Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum
Benjamin Miller
Carrie Bielski
Joshua Feig
Max Mizrahi
CAMP RAMAH DAROM
Parker Balotin
Elior Lubliner
Avigail Barak
Zach Mizrahi
Allie Bielski
Jacob Morgenthal
Carrie Bielski
Joseph Morgenthal
Jamie Bielski
Ethan Plotkin
Benjamin Davis
Zachary Rosin-Borrousch
Lily Davis
Abigail Rotenberg
Carly Gare
Brooke Saye
Honey Golden
Eryn Saye
Lucy Gould
Alexandra Selevan
Mason Gridley
Jacob Selevan
Sophia Hilbert
Elizabeth Teitelbaum
Ava Jaffa
Emily Teitelbaum
Eliana Jaffa
Brooke Trager
Kyra Jaffa
Elli Trager
Maiah Jaffa
Noah Wasserman
Skyler Kaplan
Sara Wasserman
Jayden Leach
Andrew Wolpoff
Sydney Leach
Evan Wolpoff
Maya Letts
Jeremy Zaifert
Samantha Letts
Samantha Zimmerman
131
===== PAGE 134 =====
Setzer Youth Education
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
USY offers a broad variety of summer programs. Whether touring across North America on USY
on Wheels or exploring Israel and/or parts of Europe on our various Israel Pilgrimage programs, USY has
something for everyone!
USY Summer Programs provide an exciting way to explore your Jewish identity and tour North America,
Europe and Israel. Experience the beauty of Shabbat, learn about the power of Tzedakah, and gain inspiration
through creative prayer and engaging interactive Jewish learning programs.
We would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone involved in funding our summer scholarship programs:
Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Israel Scholarship Fund,
Center Sisterhood, Center Youth Department, Horty T. Gendzier Men’s Club Summer Scholarship Fund, Joan
Fevin Gift of Israel Program through the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Myra Thier Fazarus Camp Ramah
Fund, Sylvia H. Shorstein Scholarship Fund, Debbie Katz Camp Ramah Scholarship Fund.
132
===== PAGE 135 =====
P Setzer Youth Education 4
CHALUTZIM • GRADES 4 AND 5
133
===== PAGE 136 =====
M. Thompson Company
an INNOVATIVE FOODSERVICE.
company
Toll Free:
1-800-780-1555
Fax:
(904) 354-4448
(904) 358-1555
8081 Philips Highway, Suite 20 * Jacksonville, Florida 32256
www.ehthompson.comshop.ehthompson.com
E
OPEN TO THE PUPUC
China, Glass & Silver
Kitchen Supplies
Bar Equipment
Chemicals
Refrigerators
Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Furniture
Custom Fabrication
Bakery Equipment
Serving the Jacksonville Area Since 1912
Ryan, Marks and Stromberg Attorneys, LLP
Real Estate Purchase and Sales
Title Insurance
Leases
Wills and Probate
Business Law, Corporations and LLC Formation
3000-8 Hartley Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
www.rvanandmarks.com
Phone: 904-262-4242
Fax: 904-262-3717
William B. Ryan, Jr.
bill@ryanandmarks.com
Jeffrey B. Marks
ieff@rvanandmarks.com
Board Certified Real Estate Lawyer
Samuel D. Stromberg
sstrom berg@bel 1 south. net
The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be
based solely upon advertisement. Before you decide, ask us to send
you written information about our qualifications and experience.
Canon Solutions America, Inc.
10401 Deerwood Park Blvd. North, Suite 110
Jacksonville, FL 32256
csa.canon.com
Bruce Black
Sales Manager
rblack@csa.canon.com
904.309.1743
David Jett
Senior Account Executive
djett@csa.canon.com
904.924.6766
134
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 137 =====
Setzer Youth Education
KADIMA • GRADES 6, 7, 8
135
===== PAGE 138 =====
Call us for all your cleaning needs.
You never know when the unexpected
will happen.
Carpet Cleaning....Tile Floor
Cleaning....Wood Floor
Cleaning....Furniture & Drapery
Cleaning
l^roceásí íflasíter, 3hu.
Family owned and operated for over 31 years.
(904) 725-0440
Diversity can help us all grow.
%
L§\4
X ^
I !
i
differences stten9* Ü
Publix
Asset Management, L.L.C.
A Florida-based
Registered Investment Advisor
Serving the Investment Needs of
Institutional Clients
Throughout Florida
ANDREW M. CANTOR, CFA, Principal
DAVID A. FURFINE, CFA, Partner
1579 The Greens Way, Suite 20
Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
904-493-5500
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
Bulbs
• Incandescent
• Flourescent
• Quartz Halogen
• Metal Halide
• High Pressure Sodium
• Mercury Vapor
• Low Pressure Sodium
• Miniature
• Sealed Beam
• Photo
• Stage/Studio
• Projection
• Fiber Optic
• Medical
• Scientific
• Micrographic
• Sockets
• Photo Controls
• Flourescent Ballasts
• Electronic Ballasts
• HID Ballasts
• Tube Guards
• Lighting Lenses
• Batteries
Carl Cushnir
144 Stockton Street • Jacksonville, FL 3*^204
Local 904-260-2444 • Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
136
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 139 =====
UNITED SYNAGOGUE YOUTH • GRADES 9 -12
137
===== PAGE 140 =====
BOY SCOUT TROOP 14
Troop 14 continued to carry on the tradition of Jewish Scouting in a very successful 99th year for the Troop. Service
projects for the year included participation in the North Florida Council Special Needs Camporee helping children
and their families camp and River Keeper Cleanup Day. Camping highlights included a family campout at the
Center’s Beth Shalom Park. Corey Kriesel became the 85th Eagle Scout from Troop 14. His Eagle Scout project was
to design and build a butterfly garden for Mandarin Community Club including spectacular metal flower sculptures.
Much appreciation goes to the Fleet Family Fund for continued support of Scouting programming throughout the
year. Scouting is open to all boys from kindergarten until 18 years of age. For more information, contact Scoutmaster
Allan Andrew at aandrew@alum.mit.edu
138
===== PAGE 141 =====
Setzer Youth Education 4
GIRL SCOUTS
The Girl Scout Brownie Troop #1367, under leadership of Robyn Bell and Naida Gould, had a busy and fun year.
Brownies are for 2nd and 3rd grade girls. One of our highlights was learning to sew. Using our new skill, we sewed
clothes for our wooden peg dolls. The girls created a special doll by sewing the hat, clothes and creating their faces.
We earned several badges such as: healthy eating and our Brownie Quest Journey patches. Caroline, Vivi, Madyson
and Reba had an exciting first year as Brownies.
The Girl Scout Cadette Troop #2098 at the Jacksonville Jewish Center is focused on community service and
social action. Their bi-monthly meetings consist of going out into the community and participating in everything
from arts and crafts with residents at River Garden to organizing closets at Hubbard House to city park cleanup.
Cadette Troop leader Rebecca Fixel, finds any service project that a middle schooler is old enough to volunteer to
do, and her Cadettes take action and never complain.
Their one and only fundraiser is the annual Girl Scout cookie sale. Cadette Troop #2098 member’s Meagan
B, Anna F, Abigail F, Eva G and Nava K spent many hours and sold over 1800 boxes of cookies this year. They use
most of their profits from the sale to give back to their Jacksonville community. This year the girls decided to buy
books featuring strong female role models and donate them to local elementary schools in need of library books.
The girls research to find the books they wanted, purchased them and delivered them to the schools. They are
involved in every aspect of the process.
If you are interested in learning more or being involved in the scouting programs offered at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, please contact the Center’s Setzer Youth Education department at 904-292-1000 or setzeryouthed@
jaxjewishcenter.org.
139
===== PAGE 142 =====
Hr
il
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s
Jewish Agencies
and Synagogues
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue
273-9100
Chabad-Lubavitch
262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed
733-7078
Etz Chaim Synagogue
262-3565
Jacksonville Jewish News 448-5000
Ext. 1212
Jewish Community Alliance
730-2100
Jewish Community Foundation of
Northeast Florida
394-0720
Jewish Family & Community Services
448-1933
Jewish Federation of Jacksonville
448-5000
Mount Carmel Gardens
733-6696
River Garden Senior Services
260-1818
4=
Jr
140
===== PAGE 143 =====
i¡- Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service -4
The main number for the JJC switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits are busy, a recorded message
will offer step-by-step instructions for the extension of your choice. We have also included staff emails
for your convenience.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL PHONE EXTENSIONS AND EMAIL ADDRESSES:
110 Rose Tincher, Director of 1st Impressions 142 Margo’s Catering
rtincher@jaxjewishcenter.org margoscatering@aol .com
111 Tracy Hilbert, Director of Operations
thilbert@jaxjewishcenter.org
112 Gilbert Kleiner, FSA, Executive Director
gkleiner@jaxjewishcenter.org
113 Lori Gerard, Bookkeeping Dept.
lgerard@jaxjewishcenter.org
115 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
jlubliner@jaxjewishcenter.org
143 Dina Kirshbaum, Executive Assistant
to the Assistant Head of Schools
dkirshbaum@dubowpreschool .org
144 Karin Hallett, Assistant Head of School
for Early Childhood
karin.hallett@dubowpreschool.org
145 Jennifer Carson
Religious School Assistant
jcarson@basrs.org
115 Danielle Berke, Clergy
Executive Assistant
dberke@jaxjewishcenter.org
116 Brooke Zaner, Executive Assistant
to the Head of Schools
brooke ,zaner@ mjgds .org
118 Raquel Scharf-Anderson
Head of Schools
raquel.scharf-anderson@mjgds.com
119 Amanda Watsky
Admissions Director DuBow Preschool
and Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
amanda.watsky@mjgds.org
131 Sarah Cheatham
Clergy and Youth Assistant
scheatham@jaxjewishcenter.org
133 Gabrielle Magid, Youth Director
gmagid@jaxjewishcenter.org
134 Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum
srosenblum@jaxjewishcenter.org
146 Lois Tompkins, Religious School Principal
ltompkins@jaxjewishcenter.org
147 Brian Pargman, Director of Strategic
Initiatives, Development & Operations
brian .pargman @ mjgds .org
150 Brent Ganey, Facilities Supervisor
bganey@jaxjewishcenter.org
151 Betsy Hancock, Director of Finance
bhancock@jaxjewishcenter.org
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Hazzan Jesse Holzer
jholzer@jaxjewishcenter.org
155 Ivy Kfare, Marketing and
Communication Coordinator
ikfare@jaxjewishcenter.org
DIRECT PHONE NUMBERS
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School: 904-268-4200
DuBow Preschool: 904-292-1241
Margo’s Catering: 904-559-9781
141
===== PAGE 144 =====
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-4391 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
0,
/fietv
Seven Days
a Week
Bagels Served
Daily
We serve pastries, danish, eclairs
and brownies.
We serve a full breakfast and lunch menu,
all made from scratch.
We do catering at your place or ours, and
our restaurant is for rent for parties
after 3 pm in the day.
J? to*
10111 San Jose Blvd 4073 Philips Highway
904-262-0740 904-732-2261
www.villagebreadcafe.com
142
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257 • Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 • Fax: (904) 268-5292
This is for informational purposes. It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of September I 3, 201 7
A
143
===== PAGE 146 =====
otvede
9965 SAN JOSE BLVD.
904.683.9903
6025 BUTLER POINT RD
904.683.6391
DOWNTOWN NOW OPEN
117 W. ADAMS STREET
904.438.5020
144
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====
B
145
===== PAGE 148 =====
blacksheep5points.com
restaurantorsay.com
bellwether
a
bellwetherjax.com
BLK
INTUITION
SHP
intuitionaleworks.com/food
II §§ :
146
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====

===== PAGE 150 =====
PEOPLE BEFORE PROPERTY
“Erica is the best Realtor in Jacksonville!"
“Erica helped me buy a dream house, and I will be forever
grateful. Besides being a truG professional, she made the
entire home buying process fun. ”
CREATING A SHIDDACH BETWEEN HOME BUYERS AND SELLERS”
“Erica has the ability to understand your needs and
wants. She does not care about how much you spend, just cares
about making sure you are happy. ”
ERICA JOLLES
JACKSONVILLE'S REAL ESTATE PROFESSIONAL
WWW.ERICAJOLLES.ROUNDTABLEREALTY.COM
ERICA JOLLES, MSW
REALTOR - HAPPINESS MAKER
ROUND TABLE REALTY
Q Learn more about me: http://youtu.be/SMWNhTI3K88
MOBILE (904) 652-5978 | OFFICE (904) 469-7653 | ERICA@SELLSJAX.COM
d3
ROUND
TABLE
REALTY
148
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====

===== PAGE 152 =====
DEBORAH M. KAYE
College Consultant
Helping families navigate the college admission process
Weather Engineers, Inc.
Air Conditioning • Heating • Refrigeration Specialist
j. DANIEL GRIFFIN
President
1000 Edison Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32204-2819
904 356-3963 • Fax 356-4969
CALL TODAY ABOUT OUR
www.dmkcollegeconsultant.com
904.703.8613
dkaye@dmkcollegeconsultant.com
$18.95 SPECIAL
/v
ATLANTIC
SECURITY
Honeywell
Authorized Security Dealer
Remote Access Via a Smart Phone,
Laptop, or Tablet
NO long Term Monitoring Contracts
NO Phone Line...No Problem
UL Central Station Monitoring with TWO
Redundant Backup Stations
A+ Better Business Bureau Rating
1714 Cesery Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32211
(904) 743-8444
UC. EF0001226
UC. LU405163
LIC.EF20000570
Jacksonville
/)
Orthopaedic
INSTITUTE
Northeast Florida's most
respected name in orthopaedics
Wishing your family a happy
and healthy new year!
Appointment request line:
904-JOI-2000
JOI provides high quality, comprehensive services for individuals
of all ages in order to promote and restore health and fitness
to the highest level of function.
joi.net
JAGUARS
SPORTS MEDICINE PROVIDER
<8*
Garry S. Kitay, MD
Hand, elbow & shoulder
minimally Invasive and
joint replacement surgery
microvascular surgery
SAN MARCO
JOIN US ON FACEBOOK
150
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====
c
151
===== PAGE 154 =====
Daniel L Wohl, M.D.
Pediatric Otolaryngology Associates
specializing in Ear, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
wwvaent4kids.net (904) 262-7“ENT”(7368)
A Division of North Florida Surgeons
Eliot J. Safer
Attorney at Law
DUSS KENNEY
SAFER HAMPTON & JOOS, PA
4348 Southpoint Boulevard
Suite 101
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone: 904.543.4300
Facsimile: 904.543.4301
Email: esafer@jaxfirm.com
152
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====
D
153
===== PAGE 156 =====
EAT FRESH SEAFOOD
won
) 1760 San J ose £>lvd.
Jacksonville, TL 52225
90^-886-1167
WWW. thefishcam ps.com
It's Easy As 1-2-3
TO BO PEST FREL
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
Termites
» Subterranean
» Formosan
» Drywood
» Pre-Construction Wood
& Soil Treatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
Pests
* Ants J Roaches | Fleas
* Carpenter Ant Specialists
► Annually, Quarterly, Monthly
Fire Ants
• Guaranteed Annual
Fire Ant Program
for Lawns
BRANDON
Pest Control
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Palm Coast 447.0013
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
TERMIDOR' 2941 Dawn Rd. | Jacksonville FL 32207
WWW. PESTFREE .com
The Circle of Service is Complete
g Evergreen
# Cemetery \
■ And Now ■
1 Evergreen I
\Funeral Home and m
^^Crematory
One visit to one location - Convenience with Savings
<fve7g:
CEMETERY - FUNERAL HOME - CREMATORY
904-353-3649
154
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 157 =====
E
155
===== PAGE 158 =====
156
===== PAGE 159 =====

===== PAGE 160 =====
No occasion necessary.
" % ' •
PRIVATE DINING & CATERING AVAILABLE.
IN A HURRY?
Try Taverna on the Go and enjoy boxed
lunches available for pick-up or delivery.
Visit www.taverna.restaurant for details. ?
SAN MARCO SQ. 904.398.3005 TAVERNA.RESTAUR ANT
TAVERNA
Handcrafted Italian
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
PRESIDENT
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
158
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====
G
159
===== PAGE 162 =====
UNWIND WELL.
There's no question you deserve it.
The only question is which of our premier
membership clubs is right for your life.
To schedule a private tour, call
Joan Sykora at 904.273.7735.
GATE El HOSPITALITY
THE LANDMARK CL UBS of NORTH FLORIDA
A morning on the course, an afternoon
EPPING-FOREST
YACHT & COUNTRY CLUB
Easy and relaxed. The perfect beach retreat.
The River Club
Networking high above the city.
gatehospitality.com
Your gathemig place on the
160
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 163 =====

===== PAGE 164 =====
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, me.
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CLC0191 84
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
CGC009279
www.WWGMC.com
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
JACKSONVILLE, LLORIDA
524 STOCKTON ST.
JACKSONVILLE, LLORIDA 32204
(904) 388-2696
GAINESVILLE, LLORIDA
(352) 372-3963
ORLANDO, LLORIDA
(407) 841-4670
DAYTONA BEACH, LLORIDA
(386) 322-3604
ST. AUGUSTINE, LLORIDA
(904) 827-0796
PENSACOLA, LLORIDA
(850) 864-0806
TALLAHASSEE, LLORIDA
(850) 385-3984
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
162
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 165 =====
163
===== PAGE 166 =====
A unique place to be
Supported in living your Jewish faith* River Garden plays a vital role in
quality, communal Jewish life for seniors and their families. Our philosophy of
caring is rooted in our values and our environment engages residents, community
members and other visitors with Jewish traditions and celebrations year-round.
We're proud of our heritage and legacy, and we invite you to come see for yourself.
RiverGabden
SENIOR SERVICES
rivergarden.org | (904)260-1818
There's more to River Garden Senior Services
Skilled Nursing | Rehabilitation Services | Adult Day Care
Short-term Care | Home Health | Independent Living
164
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 167 =====

===== PAGE 168 =====
EMBASSY
SUITES
by HILTON
Jacksonville Baymeadows
5*
Si
ENJOY A WARM WELCOME FROM EMBASSY SUITES
At Embassy Suites by Hilton Jacksonville Baymeadows, we always take
special care of our guests. Whether you're traveling for business or
leisure, you'll enjoy a free made-to-order breakfast, indoor pool and
whirlpool, free parking and our complimentary Evening Reception*. We
have 277 spacious two-room guest suites. All suites include a private
bedroom and separate living area and have a mini refrigerator, coffee
maker & microwave. Looking for the perfect event venue? We offer
excellent banquet & catering services. Don’t delay contact us TODAY!
9300 Baymeadows Road, Jacksonville, FL 32256
904-731-3555
www.embassysuites.com
Q TWO-ROOM SUITES 0 COMPLIMENTARY DRINKS Q FREE MADE-TO-ORDER BREAKFAST
‘Service of alcohol subject to state and local laws. Must be of legal drinking age. © 2014 Hilton Worldwide
HILTON
HHONORS
166
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 169 =====

===== PAGE 170 =====
I
K
168
===== PAGE 171 =====

===== PAGE 172 =====
L
170
===== PAGE 173 =====

===== PAGE 174 =====
M
172
===== PAGE 175 =====

===== PAGE 176 =====

===== PAGE 177 =====

===== PAGE 178 =====
N
O
176
===== PAGE 179 =====
p
177
===== PAGE 180 =====
178
===== PAGE 181 =====
R
179
===== PAGE 182 =====

===== PAGE 183 =====
s
181
===== PAGE 184 =====

===== PAGE 185 =====

===== PAGE 186 =====

===== PAGE 187 =====

===== PAGE 188 =====

===== PAGE 189 =====
T
187
===== PAGE 190 =====
V
w
188
===== PAGE 191 =====

===== PAGE 192 =====
z
Y
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
Sisterhood
Largest selection of Judaica in Northeast Florida
Located next to the JJC Lobby
Gift registries for Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Babies, and Brides.
Shop for Hostess Gifts and Family Heirlooms
Proud retailer for:
Gary Rosenthal, Michael Aram, Nambe, Quest,
Anat Mayer, Beames Designs, Melanie Dankowicz,
Tamara Baskin, and more...
Shop our shop-save tax and/or shipping and support the efforts of Sisterhood at the Center.
191
===== PAGE 194 =====

===== PAGE 195 =====
I
T...Teacher
A... Author
P...Physician
S...Soldier
Harold (Hal) Baumgarten
One of the greatest of the greatest generation.
D-Day Survivor; Beloved Husband;
Devoted Dad; Adoring Poppy;
Sincere Friend; A True Legend.
Forever in our hearts and deeply missed.
Rita Baumgarten
Karen & Leopold Sher
Bonnie & Ken Friedman
Hal & Brenda Baumgarten
Grandchildren - Michael, Rose, Jeremy,
Samantha, Matthew, Katy Rose, Rachel
193
===== PAGE 196 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Elayne and Marty Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Alison Brown
Alvin Brown
Michael, Marcie
Dylan, Mason Brown
Zachary Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
Alexandra & Ben Weingarten
194
===== PAGE 197 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Mindy Ann Fixel
Alan L. Fixel
The families would like to thank
everyone for their love, support
and caring this past year.
We are beyond grateful for
195
===== PAGE 198 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Sylvia “Tootsie” Hecht
Stuart Hecht Milton Hecht
1
I
Jf ‘'
y
..f i t _ (
w3k^'-
■pm.
ml
■. •
¡i
|
Larry, Rose
Benjamin, Jacob
Rozie, Faye, Dan, Milly & Ellen
mmm w1'
196
===== PAGE 199 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Maxene Gillman
A Wonderful Wife, Mother,
Grandmother & Friend
We Miss You Beyond Words
Marvin H. Gillman
Robin & Ronnie Cooper, Melanie Appell,
Henry & Lisa Lewitt,
Lauren Appell & Jonathan Aronson, Holly Appell,
Ed & Lori Gillman, Henry & Jacqueline Gillman,
Andrew & Karla Gillman, Carolyn Gillman,
Brooke, Lindsey, Daniel, Michael & Sarah Gillman
197
===== PAGE 200 =====
In Memoriam
In Memory of
Fred & Marilyn Kupperman
Abe & Anne Fletcher
Ben & Gussie Kupperman
Gone from our sight, but
never gone from our hearts.
Because of you our lives have
been truly blessed.
Greg Kupperman
Keith, Cathrine & A. J. Kupperman
-
198
===== PAGE 201 =====
In Memoriam
B
In Loving Memory of Our Parents and Grandparents
Helene & Daniel Pollan
We thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new. We thought
of you yesterday and days before that too. We think of you in silence
as we often speak your names. All we have are memories and your
pictures in frames. Your memories are our keepsakes with which
we’ll never part. God has you in his keeping. We have you in our hearts.
We love you and miss you very much,
Arthur, Loretta, Adina, Adria; Irving, Susan,
Rebekah, Jakob; Edward, Jason, Megan; Stephen
199
===== PAGE 202 =====
In Memoriam
Ü
In Loving Memory of
Joni Shmunes
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yudowin
Max & Jean Shmunes
Harry Shmunes, Adam & Kim Shmunes,
Doronne & liana Shmunes Perras, Ross Shmunes
■mmm
200
===== PAGE 203 =====
In Memoriam
In Memory of
Alan J. Taffet
Our journey was beautiful
Your life was especially meaningful to so many people
We will love you and miss you forever
Ina
and Sister, Joyce (Marvin) Naparstek; Brothers, Stephen (Estelle)
and Clifford (Frances) Taffet, and our Families
201
===== PAGE 204 =====
I
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
His Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott, Maureen
Reid, Suzette, Ryan, Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie, Mathew & Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father, grandfather
great-grandfather and friend
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela & Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael & Jordan
Jules Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett & Rachel
202
===== PAGE 205 =====
In Loving Memory of
Norman P. Freedman
Beloved Husband, Father and Grandfather
“Gone But Not Forgotten ”
Norman made us laugh everyday
Now his laughter is in the ocean breeze
His smile is in the summer sun
His spirit is in the blue sky
From the tears and smiles he left behind
We know that his beautiful soul will always be with us.
Carol, Barney, Karen, Michael
Grace and Hope Freedman
In loving memory of a wonderful caring husband,
father, grandfather and great grandfather
JACK PRICE
Miriam,
Ned & Sue,
Michael, Susan,
Robert & Sandy
203
===== PAGE 206 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Sol & Use Gottlieb
Sidney & Anne Rubens
Marty Gottlieb
The Gottlieb Family
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela & Norman Moss
Sheldon Wayne Moss
Frank & Arlene Moss
Elyne Moss
Rosanne & Andy Kauss and Families
204
===== PAGE 207 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Rose & Morse Epstein
Betty & Samuel Kersun
Michele Susan Levitt
Judith Lieberman
Renee Sabreen
Mickey & Mimi Kersun
Sam, Allison & Michael
In Loving Memory of
Walter H. Kraemer
Forever in our hearts.
Sylvia Kraemer
Dr. Fredric & Linda Kraemer
Sarah & Dave Pirie
James Kraemer
Marcia & Howard Kalman
Amy Kalman
Mark & Iris Kraemer
Elissa Kraemer
Kenny, Ashley & Jonah Kraemer
—
205
===== PAGE 208 =====
In Loving Memory of
Bennie and Oren Margol
1965-2013
1927-2015
With loving memories and forever in our hearts.
Barbara
Drew & Michelle
Gabrielle, Lauren, Brandon, & Sadie
Eden & Joel
Seth, Yitzak, Asher, Yoni, Yakov, Yushoua
In Loving Memory of
Wilbur Margol
You are always in our hearts.
Marilyn
Kim & David Wendy & Fred
Rodney & Lee Lonnie
and all his grandchildren
206
===== PAGE 209 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of Our Husbands,
Fathers, Grandfathers & Great Grandfathers
Jerry Zucker
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
David Funk
Anita Zucker
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy & Gabriella Zucker
Andrea & Aaron Zucker and Stella, Daisy & Jerry Muzin
Jeffrey & Jessica Zucker
Rose Goldberg
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Sadie & David Barnett
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Herman & Sybil Barnett
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Sybil Ansbacher
Barry, Lisa & Lily Pop Ansbacher
Richard & Terry Ansbacher
Lawrence & Nicole Ansbacher
In Loving Memory of
Edith & Milton Berman
Alan Berman
David Randy Berman
Irma W. Blattner
Doris & Ray Klepper
Deborah & Donald Sampson
Anna S. Weiss
Charles & Eleanor Berman
207
===== PAGE 210 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Leigh Brody
Beloved Husband, Father & Papa Leigh
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Gloria Brody
Scott & Allison Brody
Lillie, Joe & Aidan
Faye & Steven Mizrahi
Hannah & Eli
In Loving Memory of
Jennie, Louis, Nathan
Pauline &
Florence Schevitz
Oscar Cohen, Alyce Zell
Irwin Kane and
Donna Kaye Zell
Mr. & Mrs. Albert Datz
In Loving Memory of our
Parents and Grandparents
Linda H. Edelstein
Lester Edelstein
In Loving Memory of our
Beloved Husband, Father and
Brother-in-law
Walker L. Whaley
Sandy & Bobbi
Mindy & Rachel
In Loving Memory of
Julius Finegold
Miriam Finegold-Price
Robert Finegold
Sandy Weisstein
208
===== PAGE 211 =====
■ -i mmmmmmm m mmmmmm -
£
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Jerome Fox
Veatrice Fox
Max Mandelbaum
Bessie Mandelbaum
Stanley Mandelbaum
& Carol E. Ross
In Loving Memory of
Maxine W. Funk
Ethel & Irving Funk
Sophie & Joe Witten
Jerry Funk
Amy, Jordan & Abbie Peterson
In Loving Memory of
Jack Huttner
Ben Gottlieb
Sylvia Gottlieb
Hannah Furman
Irving Furman
Gail & Paul Furman
Liza, Perry &
Sawyer Grace Kale
In Loving Memory of
S. William “Bill” Goldstein
Beverly Goldstein
Very special parents
and grandparents
Jeffrey & Doris Goldstein
Max, Sara, Aliza, Shep, Ellen, Houman
& Parisa
Nancie & Mark Severs
David, Aaron, Megan & Wesley
Noah & Terran William
Janet Goldstein & lian
Lynn Maiman & Lenny Maiman
Faye, Neil & Elana
209
===== PAGE 212 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
In Memory of
Lovee & Hy Kliman
Loving Parents
Marvin Kliman
Marilyn Kliman
Ranit Krinsky Lubliner
Estelle Heilman Krinsky
William Krinsky
Rabbi Immanuel Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan &
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior & Itamar
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Parents & Grandparents
Stuart Lipsky
Bessie Setzer Lipsky
Vernon Gwynne
Bruce & Jan Lipsky
Rusty & Jessie Felter
Emma, Eric, & Dylan Dreyer
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
& Grandparents
Blanche & Sam Marks
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
Ben & Leo Linsky
Jennie & Chandler Rose Gailey
,immmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrni
210
===== PAGE 213 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Our Dear Brother
David Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
Ginette & Charles Mizrahi
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Evelyn & Ralph Mizrahi
Ginette & Charles Mizrahi
Judith B. Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
In Loving Memory of
David Mizrahi
Beloved Husband, Dad & Papa
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Judith B. Mizrahi
Steven & Faye Mizrahi
Hannah & Eli
Ronald & Amy Mizrahi
Mordechai, Hanna & Raphael
Dennis & Betsy Mizrahi
Rachel & Evelyn
In Loving Memory of
Edna and Morton Maltz
Carole & Lawrence Ort
Robbie Price
Howard, Leah & Michael Maltz
Lewis, Andrea & Jordan Price
Genna, Russ & Hannah Lancaster
211
===== PAGE 214 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
Jan Morris
Ari Berlin
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, their precious smiles & special love.
Sonya Morris
Jerald Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daren, Shana, Daniel, Emily, Jacob
Byron and Rebecca Barbara Simkin
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron, Noa Sylvia
Vered Ida & Eitan Byron Stember
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay & Mike
and Elizabeth Isla Snyder
Hallie Morris
In Loving Memory of
Raymond & Dorothy Cohen
Wanda Organes
Macy & Myra Cohen
Joseph & Ida Cohen
Herbert Berger
Edward Cohen
Bessie Eizenstat
By Ken & Peggy Organes
In Loving Memory of
Bill and Irene Neadle
Lori Scardino
&
Sandra Schwartz
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Anna Glickstein Pilton
Always a part of our lives.
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly & Gordon Silva
Allen Ruby
Paula Warner
212
===== PAGE 215 =====
In Memoriam
In Memory of
Neil Sager
Beloved Husband, Dad & Poppy
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
and Fred Sager
Beloved Parents, Grandparents,
Great Grandparents, Brother and Uncle
Forever in our hearts
Always in our thoughts
Gaye Sager, Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa
& Ashley Zunic
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Jack & Judy Price
Stanley Paul Evans
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Francine Kohrn
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishier
Todd Price
Harry & Ida Gartner
Jerry & Florence Schemer
In Loving Memory of
Nathan “Sonny” Sandler
We love you & miss you so much
Marilyn
Renee & Rick
Arlene & Gus
Suzy & Rick
Holly & Mark
In Loving Memory of
Louis Leon Schemer
Lillian Spanier Schemer
Irving Legum
Clara Bell Spanier
Tessie Spanier Sacks
Rose Spanier Schwartz
Miriam Schwartz Hollins
Melvin Hollins
Herbert Irving Schwartz
Peggy Schemer Sussman
Morris Schemer
Dorothy S. Legum
213
===== PAGE 216 =====
► In Memoriam 4
In Memory of
Marshall Grauer
In Loving Memory of
Martin H. Setzer
Phyllis Strumlauf
Devoted Fathers
and Grandfathers
and Great Grandfathers
We will never forget you.
In Memory of
George Strumlauf
Charlotte Bernard Setzer
Ross Strumlauf
Devoted Mother
Lane & Melissa
and Grandmother
Brooke, Faith & Hunter
and Great Grandmother
Beth & Daryl Walter
Ellen & Barry Setzer
Dena, Jason & Shep Rosen
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Parents and Sister
Noah & Jesse
In Loving Memory of
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (AL) H. Edwards
Miriam C. Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy and Stephen Silverman
Jessica and David Silverman
Lexi and Aidan
Risa and Ari Silverman
Ruby, Peri and Marco
Max & Ida Spitz
Harry & Celia Slott
Blanche & Louis Slott
Chuck Slott
Harriette & Abe Levin
Miriam & Ben Edwards
Sidney Berkowitz
Fanny & Charles Rubenstein
Rene Montaigne
Marvin Slott
214
===== PAGE 217 =====
In Loving Memory
In Loving Memory &
of our Beloved Parents
in Our Hearts Forever
Joseph Sherman Tannen
Marvin & Hilda Warfield
Dr. Herbert Robert Kolb
Beloved Parents,
Grandparents & Friends
Lottie Schwartz Kolb
Rhea Cooper Tannen
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam & Rachel Warfield
Edward & Millie Tannen
Shea, Eric & Kiley Matthews
Rachael Warfield
In Memory of
Harry B. Verstandig
In Loving Memory of
Jennifer V. Rutansky
Julius (Yuddv)
Always Missed, Loved,
and In Our Hearts
&
Dorothy Verstandig
Joe, Elizabeth, & Jake Rutansky
Lauren & Dillon Perez
Wendy, Jeff, Mami, Brooke, &
Gil Sapolsky
Charlotte Fletcher
W. W. Gay
215
===== PAGE 218 =====
wr
1 ► In Memoriam 4 1
In Loving Memory
of our Parents
Dr. Harry & Rudy Yergin
Sam & Doris Kraver
In Memory
of our beloved parents
Rose & Morris Baumgarten
Harry & Rose “Honeybunch”
Sneider
and Dear & Missed Family Members
& Special Departed Friends
Rita Baumgarten
In Loving Memory
Cathy & Bruce Yergin
Irma Weiss Blattner
Sheldon Blattner and Family
In Loving Memory
In Loving Memory of
Beulah and Louis Goldman
Harry and Fannie Peltz,
Lois and Mitchell Peltz,
Bette Peltz Trager,
Richard Bell, Lisa Bell
Iris Tekel Young
Norma, Brian, Robyn,
Madyson and Levi Bell
Charles Young
Laura & Joseph Young
Lucy V. Young
In Loving Memory of
Stephen Broadman
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Ruchel, Melissa
Jennifer, Jay, Suzanne, Eric
Georgette, Nathan
Max, Miriam & Joshua
216
===== PAGE 219 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Fred Eaglstein
Shimmy Kornblatt
We miss you Both Every Day
Sue, Mitch, Brett & Emily Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber
Beverley Shreiber
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry
Charles Cherry
llene Selevan
Merle & Ron Cherry
In Loving Memory of my Beloved Husband
Melvin Jawitz
Parents & Grandparents
Rita & Alex Falis
Brother and Uncle
Marvin Falis
Marcia Jawitz & Family
In Loving Memory of my Beloved Husband
our Beloved Fathers
Grandfathers and Great-Grandfathers
Barry C. Dacks
George M. Bernstein
Murray R. Dacks
In Loving Memory of our Mother
Grandmother and Great Grandmother
Phyllis Dacks
Linda, Greg, Jayson, Brenna
Jack & Carson Dacks
In Loving Memory of
Anna Koropova & Lev Koropov
Serafima Kaplan & Samuel Brunfon
Pearl & David Skulsky
Mariam & Joseph Kaplan
Inna Koropova
Polina, Yefim, Simon, Igor
Rachel, Liya & Elliana
In Loving Memory of
Bryna & Mosha Gaston
Reba & Manny Ruben
Ruth Golkow
Grace, Basie, Sidney & Melvin Hoffman
William Davis & Kathlyn Davis Benjamin
Marvin, Sylvia & Johnathan Davis
Paul Davis
In Loving Memory of
Lucille Twitty mother
Alan Twitty father
Beatrice Cantor mother
Sam Cantor father
LaVeme & Andrew Cantor
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
Barbara Baker Torres
The DuBow Family
hi
===== PAGE 220 =====
■
In Memoriam *
n
In Loving Memory of
Milton & Shirley Felder
Gloria L. Ramsey
Samuel A. Ramsey Jr.
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg Margorie Goldberg
David Goldberg Irwin Goldberg
Alfred Nathan Gertrude Nathan
Carole Goldberg
David, Cassie, Nathan, Lily & Gaby Goldberg
Eric, Sherry, Roen & Bria Goldberg
Lane, Allison, & C.J. Goldberg
In Loving Memory of
Harry Ruby
Miriam Finegold Price
Robert Finegold
& Sandy Weisstein
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Beatrice Rothberg
Bernice Rothberg
Dr. Max Rothberg
Paul Rothberg
Richard Rothberg
Chary & Michael Greenburg and Family
In Loving Memory of
Claire Kerben Gerald Horowitz
Anita Garfinkel Sid Garfinkel
Renee Horowitz Herman Horowitz
Pauline Newman Arthur Newman
Rose Garfinkel Benjamin Garfinkel
Rae Michaels Morris Michaels
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
In Loving Memory of
Edward & Elsbeth Hodz
Leon & Etta Rothenberg
Abraham & Eva Hodz
Leon & Hilda Zeifman
Henry & Rachel Moses
Max & Esther Zeifman
Linda Zeifman
Marshall & Elaine Hodz
In Loving Memory of
Louis Gillman
Rosalyn Gillman
Earl Levitin
Adele Levitin
Judge Marvin H. Gillman
In Loving Memory of
Bobbie & Bernie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
218
===== PAGE 221 =====
[ ► In Memoriam 4 \
In Loving Memory of
Irwin Gendzier
Alois Gendzier & Family
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Martin Sack Jr.
Mrs. Martin Sack Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
The Memory and Love of my Life
60 Happy Years
Solomon (Sol) Goldman
Hilda Goldman
In Loving Memory of
Gene Kornblum
Bernie and Martha Allen
Bruce Allen
Julius and Mitzi Kornblum
Matthew Kornblum
Annetta Kornblum and Family
In Loving Memory of
Lillian & Robert J. Gordon
Faye & Nathan Zinn
Renee & Alan Gordon
Children & Grandchildren
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Krestul
Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Carolyn Krestul and Family
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Sylvia Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby & David Pinsky & Family
Alicia & Jesse Rauchwarger & Family
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Larry Lazar
219
===== PAGE 222 =====
0
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
And our Beloved Parents & Brother George.
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, & Jason Kirkwood
Sarah (Kirkwood) and Brody Enwright
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Louis & Rene Roey
Barney & Rachel Margolin
David Benjamin
Sophia Lyn Roey
Anne Benjamin
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie, Jennifer & Sadie Roey
In Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Herman & Zelda Rosenberg
Joseph & Marianne DeFalco
Suzi Lissner Bernard
Jeannine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Rudy & Betty Moss
Debbie Katz
Ann & Danny Lissner
Howard Wolpin
...and in our hearts forever!
Sandy Rosenberg and Joanne Rosenberg
Mike & Deanna Lissner
Lindsay & Justin Mastrangelo
Whitney & Ross Howayeck
Jillian & Ronnie Morgan
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Ira V. Peck
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Vivian & Sol Greenberg
Frances Schemer
Adele & Adolph Peck
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Carson & Hudson Schemer
Evelyn Peck & Family
Zach & April, Leslie and Sarah
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Doris Singer
Remembering
Fannie Levin
Julius Levin
The Karow Family
Philip Plotkin
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Sara Plotkin
and
Robert Plotkin
The Singer Family
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin and Family
Fred Singer
220
===== PAGE 223 =====
In Memoriam
i
In Memory of
Barry Sinoff
Our hearts are filled with memories of a
husband, father and grandfather we will never
forget. We honor the life you lived,
your kindness and sense of humor.
Carole, Brad & Brenda, Adam & Sarah
Ari, Eden, Claire, Ben
In Loving Memory of
Shelby H. Trager
Bessie S. Frisch
Alfred Frisch
Charles, Rexine & Asher Trager
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren
In Loving Memory of
Howard Wolpin
Debbie Kan
Zelda & Herman Rosenberg
Mollie & Sam Rosenberg
Miriam & Carl Palenbaum
Dorothy, Milton & Jay Waldman
George Rosenberg
Esther & Ralph Wolpin
lna& Albert Wolpm
Carole Wolpin
In Loving Memory of Husband, Father
Grandfather and Great Grandfather
Samuel Morris Spevak
Elaine Spevak
Bruce & Karen Spevak
Cheryl Friedlin
Bradley & Zoreh Spevak
Nicole, Evan, Sam, Alexandra & Roxy
Katz
Holly, Steve Robert & Michael Radom
In Loving Memory of our
parents and grandparents
Sidney & Lois Gefen
Barbara & Larry Jaffe, Brad, Josh
& Samantha Zimmerman
Sandy, Brooke & Leah Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of
Joan Talpalar
Chana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise & Hymie Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Rose & Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Ben Talpalar and Family
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Dora & Haskell Zimmerman
Helen & Joseph Pranevich
Nancy & Seeman Zimmerman
221
===== PAGE 224 =====
In Loving Memory of
Leo Dinin, Esther Dinin
Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Sylvia Appelbaum
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
Jack Dittman
Tillie & Edward Miller
from Anita Dittman & Family
In Loving Memory of
Morton Benjamin
Vera Benjamin
In Loving Memory of our Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden; Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ruthye & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Geri & Sam Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Lora & Jacob Sheitelman
Father, Mother and Grandparents
Ruth & Sidney Nuale
Aunt & Uncle
Elaine Furman
Deborah Miller, Naomi Kipp & David Furman
Rena Bernard Charlotte Setzer
Sam & Etta Harris
Renee & Harold Bloom
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Fred Shapiro
Beloved father of Vicki Gatewood (Steve)
and grandfather of Delta and Ben
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jarchower
Arnold & Shirley S. Berger
Andrea Mitsch
The Berger Family
In Loving Memory of
Estelle Kritz Gendzier
Cindy, Daniel, Michael and Mitchell Wohl,
and Sheldon Gendzier
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Dorothy & Stanley Schein
Annette Grauer
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Kim, Andrew & Hannah Weintraub
Cheli Brewer
In Loving Memory of
Sidney A. Hoffman
Alice Hoffman-Davis
Basie Hoffman Ben Hunter
Manny Ruben
Barbara, Lewis, & Sarah Hunter
In Loving Memory of
Jonathan Weintraub
Beloved Son, Brother, Husband & Father
Cynthia Disher & Cheli Brewer
Kim, Andrew & Hannah Weintraub
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Son & Brother
Gordon Seth Kagan &
Beloved Daughter & Sister
Tricia Kagan Bettman
Rhoda & Norman Kagan and Family
===== PAGE 225 =====
In Memoriam
1
In Loving Memory of Beloved Wife, Mother
Grandmother & Great-Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
Forever in our hearts, always in our thoughts.
Jack Koolik Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
In Loving Memory of
Parents and Grandparents
Irma & Joe Sandler
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
In Loving Memory of our Parents & Grandparents
Stuart & Phyllis Fried
Robert & Charlotte Kopp
i
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Jason, Lauren, Natalie & Nathan Rubin
In Loving Memory of
Rose Hochman Max Hochman
Anna Saraga Lipson Rubin Saraga
Scott Saraga
Nathan Hochman Sophia Hochman
Leonard & Frieda Saraga
In Loving Memory of
Klara & Simon Mezisko
Khonon Kufman & Roza Lisvytzeva
The Kufman Family &
The Adler Family
In Loving Memory of
Bernice & Alex Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Kenneth, Sheryl & Elizabeth Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige &
Henry Benjamin Sekine
Sarah, Sam, Alexander Robert
& Sydney Jules Feller
In Loving Memory of
Martha & Edwin Kravitz
Harriette & Abe Levin
Dick, Shirley, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
.
In Loving Memory of
Paul Shuman
Selma Shuman
David, Shari, Jenna & Amy Shuman
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Charlotte Later
Leo Later
Estelle Later
Bernard R. Later
Faye Later
Dennis and Ginny Lafer
::
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman & Mary Singal
Norman & Clara Katcher
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
In Memory of
Abe and Harriette Levin
Calie and Martin Loss
Joan & Ronald Levin
In Loving Memory of
Charles Sussman
Lynn Sussman, Stephanie Sussman
Elizabeth, Scott, Carson & Mia Zweigel
In Memory of
Susan Lee Lowell & Arthur Lowell
Your sister, Joanne Lowell
In Loving Memory & In Our Hearts Forever
Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Risa & Steven Warfield
Wendy & Mark Talpalar
Sharon & Jerry Seebol
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
And our other dear departed relatives
Mike & Marilyn Mass
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
223
===== PAGE 226 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Murry Wolfson
Renee Wolfson Moses
Bob Earl Wolfson
Ben & Gussie Baker
Louis & Mary Wolfson
Gary, David, Richard, Dr. Bud Wolfson and Families
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton and Family
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
Penny & Tom Powell
In Loving Memory and
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Esther & Sam Rosenblum
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank & Daphne Woodard
In Memory of Our Son
Jonathan Roth
Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal 8c Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
Joe Mizrahi
Bonnie Gelman
In Loving Memory of
Lenore Fallas, Hal Steven Fallas,
Maurice Goldstein, Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Kandi, Mark 8c Zachary Shainbrown
In Loving Memory of Mikhail BGkman
Yakov 8c Sveltana Goldiner
Vicky 8c Chris Sheppard
Galina, Brian, Karina 8c Maxwell Wolinetz
In Loving Memory of
Mark Barry Slavin
Rusti, Eliot, Samantha & Maya
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
Monte Graff, David & Myrna Margolis & Grace Radford
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
In Loving Memory of
David S. Stark, Bernice G. Stark
Charles 1. Senrick, May R. Senrick
Bruce, Kathy, Aaron & Rachel Stark
To Honor the Memory of Beloved Family
Sara, Albert, Norman Mannis & Simon Katz
Libby Katz 8c Family
In Loving Memory of
Samuel & Florence Steinberg
Barney & Etty Weissman
Marty & Randee Steinberg & Family
In Loving Memory of
David & Rae Kaufman
Sigmund & Bessie Lipson
Martin & Mimi Kaufman
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris 8c Julia Kufman
Inna, Tim, Isabella, Nathan & Madeline
Beloved Parents and Grandparents
Betty & Donald Lewis
Marla, Gary, Pamela, Steven & Rosi Lewis
In Loving Memory of
Anne & Harry Krokow
Judie 8c Kal Levinson
224
On behalf of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
Ha-makom y’nahem etkhem b’tokh
sh’ar avelei Tziyon V’yerushalayim.
“May the Holy One comfort all those
who have lost a loved one among all the
other mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.”
4L
===== PAGE 227 =====
Directory of Advertisers
29 South
14
A
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 54
Ackerman Cancer Center 1
Affordable Water 58
Alan Levinson, Realtor 8
Anything With Plants 54
Athens Café 52
Atlantic Security 150
B
B&C Financial Advisors 62
Bagels R Us 48
Beirut Restaurant & Spirits 60
Berman Bros, Inc 58
Black Sheep Restaurant 146
Blosam Constructors 58
Philip H. Bloom
Bob Ham Eyewear 47
Brandon Pest Control 154
C
Cakes and More by Catrina 44
Catrina Ruby
Canon Solutions America, Inc 134
Cara Ferreira, Realtor 45
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 58
Color Street 54
Danielle Berke
D
Dan Harris Photoart 46
Daniel L. Wohl.M.D 152
Deborah M. Kaye, College Consultant..150
DM Image Design 28
David Goldberg
Duss Kenny Safer Hampton & Joos, PA .152
Elliot J. Safer
E
E.H. Thompson Company 134
El Jefe 14
Embassy Suites 166
Erica Jolles, Realtor 148
Evergreen Cemetery 154
F
Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation .66
Florida Cancer Specialists 26
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
G
Gate Hospitality 160
Epping Forest Yacht & Country Club
The Lodge & Club
The River Club
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club
George H. Hewell and Son Funeral Homes .32
H
Hardage Giddens Funeral Homes and
Cemeteries 38
Harris Rittenberg, D.M.D 142
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside 58
J
Jacksonville Farmers Market 16
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc....136
Carl Cushnir
Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute 150
Garry S. Kitay, MD
Judaica Shop 191
Julington Creek Fishcamp 154
Julington Dental 10
K
Kazu 144
L
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 45
Leon Yergin 58
M
Marcy Reindl, Realtor 26
Margo’s Catering 44
Catrina and Andrew Ruby
MarkSpivak’s Institute &
Dance Extension 59
Mediterrania Restaurant 30
Minuteman Press 56
Morgan & Morgan 32
Grant Kuvin
Mugwump Productions.. Inside Front Cover
N
Nicolitz Eye Consultants ..Inside Back Cover
Amy Kulak, MD
North Florida Surgeons 26
Craig Morgenthal, MD, FACS
225
===== PAGE 228 =====
►—Directory of Advertisers
P
Pediatric Dentistry 26
Barry Setzer
Perce Orthodontics 26
Piner’s Lock & Safe 58
Pollan Legal 46
Process Master, Inc 136
Publix 136
PRI Productions 50
R
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak, Certified Mohel...54
Ramada Mandarin 12
Fred Pozin
River Garden Senior Services 164
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic 6
Ryan, Marks and Stromberg Attorneys,
LLP 134
Sabra Cafe 4
Sawgrass Asset Management, L.L.C....136
Shorstein & Kelly 18
Michael Shorstein
Sheldon J. Kaplan, PhD 26
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated 64
Stein Mart 66
Sushi Burrito 144
T
Taverna 158
The Loop 30
The Wells & Drew Companies 54
Total Comfort Solutions 158
Tumbling Kids 46
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency 30
Village Bread Café 142
Villela & Shilts, CPA’s 26
Josh Shilts
W
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc..162
Weather Engineers, Inc 150
Weaver and Stratton Pediatric
Dentistry & Orthodontics 2
Wells Fargo Private Bank Back Cover
Wyndham Garden Hotel 36
226
===== PAGE 229 =====
Accountants - Certified Public
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside 58
Villela & Shifts, CPA’s 26
Adoption
Shorstein & Kelly 18
Air Conditioning-Heating
Commercial
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions, Inc 158
Weather Engineers, Inc 150
Apparel
Stein Mart 66
Asset Management
Sawgrass Asset Management 136
Attorneys
Duss Kenny Safer Hampton & Joos, PA. 152
Elliot J. Safer
Morgan & Morgan 32
Grant Kuvin
Pollan Legal 46
Ryan, Marks & Stromberg
Attorneys, LLP 134
Shorstein & Kelly 18
Audio - Visual - Equipment -
Renting-Leasing
Mugwump Productions. Inside Front Cover
PRI Productions 50
Bakers-Baked Goods
Cakes and More by Catrina 44
Catrina Ruby
Banking Services
Wells Fargo Private Bank Back Cover
Builders — Construction —
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors, Inc 58
Philip H. Bloom
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc. 162
Carpet-Rug-Cleaners
Process Master, Inc 136
Caterers
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 58
Margo’s Catering 44
Catrina and Andrew Ruby
Catering Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 134
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery 154
Hardage Giddens Funeral Homes and
Cemeteries 38
Copiers and Printers
Canon Solutions America, Inc
Chemicals
E.H. Thompson Company 134
College Consultant
Deborah M. Kaye, College Consultant..150
Communications
Atlantic Security 150
Dance and Gymnastics
MarkSpivak’s Institute &
Dance Extension 59
Tumbling Kids 46
Decorator Linens
Mugwump Productions. Inside Front Cover
PRI Productions 50
Dentists
Julington Dental 10
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 142
Weaver and Stratton Pediatric Dentistry
& Orthodontics 2
Elder Care
River Garden Senior Services 164
Engravers
The Wells & Drew Companies 54
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated
134
64
===== PAGE 230 =====
► Advertisers Classified
Event Planning
Mugwump Productions. Inside Front Cover
PRI Productions 50
Eye Doctors - Eye Glass Wear
Bob Flam Eyewear 47
Nlcolitz Eye Consultants..Inside Back Cover
Amy Kulak, MD
Family Services Counselor
Leon Yergin 58
Farmers Market
Jacksonville Farmers Market 16
Financial Planners
B&C Financial Advisors 62
Jan Butenskyand Allan Cohen
Wells Fargo Private Bank Back Cover
Florist
Anything With Plants 54
Food Service-Equipment -
Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 134
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell and
Son Funeral Homes 32
Hardage Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 38
Gift Specialty
Sisterhood Judaica Shop 191
Glass — Automobile —
Plate - Window
Residential-Commercial
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 45
Graphic Design
DM Image Design, David Goldberg 28
Minuteman Press 56
Grocers
Publix 136
Hotels
Embassy Suites 166
Gate Hospitality 160
Epping Forest Yacht & Country Club
The Lodge & Club
The River Club
Pontevedra Inn & Club
Ramada Mandarin 12
Fred Pozin
Wyndham Garden Hotel 36
Insurance
Vandroff Insurance Agency 30
Invitations - Announcements
DM Image Design, David Goldberg 28
Minuteman Press 56
Kosher Products/Food
Publix 136
Sabra Cafe 8
Light Bulbs-Tubes
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc....136
Carl Cushnir
Limousine Service
AA Susie’s Limousine, Inc 54
Locks - Locksmith
Plner’s Lock & Safe 58
Medical Doctors
Ackerman Cancer Center 1
Florida Cancer Specialists 26
Jeffrey Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute 150
Garry S. Kitay, MD
Nicolitz Eye Consultants ..Inside Back Cover
Amy Kulak, MD
North Florida Surgeons 26
Craig Morgenthal, MD, FACS
Pediatric Otolaryngology Associates....152
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D.
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic 6
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 45
Mohel- Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak, Certified Mohel...54
228
===== PAGE 231 =====
É
Advertisers Classified
Monuments
Pipe Fittings
Restaurants
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated 64
Nail Polish/Design
Color Street 54
Danielle Berke
Ophthalmologist
Nicolitz Eye Consultants ..Inside Back Cover
Amy Kulak, MD
Opticians
Bob Ham Eyewear 47
Nicolitz Eye Consultants ..Inside Back Cover
Organic-Ethnic-
Specialty- Produce
Jacksonville Farmers Market 16
Publix 136
Orthodontist
Perce Orthodontics 26
Weaver and Stratton Pediatric Dentistry
& Orthodontics 2
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 154
Photography
Dan Harris Photoart 46
Berman Bros., Inc 58
Plumbing - Contractors
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc. 162
Printers
Minuteman Press 56
Promotional - Fundraising Items
Minuteman Press 56
Public Safety Foundation
Firehouse Subs Public Safety
Foundation 66
Psychologist-Child
and Adolescent
Sheldon J. Kaplan, PhD 26
Real Estate
Alan Levinson, Realtor 8
Cara Ferreira, Realtor 45
Erica Jolles, Realtor 144
Marcy Reindl, Realtor 26
Rental Services
Mugwump Productions. Inside Front Cover
PRI Productions 50
29 South 14
Athens Café 52
Bagels R Us 48
Beirut Restaurant & Spirits 60
Black Sheep Restaurant 146
El Jefe 14
Julington Creek Fishcamp 154
Kazu 144
Mediterrania Restaurant 30
Orsay 146
Sushi Burrito 144
The Loop 30
Taverna 158
Village Bread Café 142
Restaurant Equipment - Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 134
Safes-Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Safe 58
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealers
Berman Bros., Inc 58
Security Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 150
Water Filters - Purifiers
Affordable Water 58
Wedding Cakes
Cakes and More by Catrina 44
Catrina Ruby
229
===== PAGE 232 =====
230
===== PAGE 233 =====
soirroroiírr
Nicolitz Eye Consultants
Ernst Nicolitz MD FACS - Lenka Champion MD - Amy Kulak MD
Omar Gayasaddin DO - Christen Russell OD
NICOLITZ LYE CONSULTANTS
"Your Vision Is Our Vision"
Amy Kulak, M.D.
Board-Certified Ophthalmologist
Fellowship-Trained in Oculo-Facial Plastic Surgery
• Comprehensive Eye Exams
• Facial and Cosmetic Eyelid Surgery
• Tearing and Lacrimal Surgery
• Orbital Surgery
• Reconstruction after Skin Cancer
• Botox
• Dermal Fillers
• Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing
7051 Southpoint Parkway Suite 300
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
888-433-8557
www.eyelitz.com
===== PAGE 234 =====
The Private Bank
Wealth Planning
Investments
Private Banking
Trust Services
Insurance
wellsfargoprivatebank.com
Your charitable endeavors reflect who you are and the kind of world you want
to create, so your investment offers a different kind of return. Whether it's the
environment, education, community, or any other passion, the interests and
values that got you here are the same ones that can lead the world forward.
At The Private Bank, our experienced professionals work with you to develop
a wealth plan where giving isn't simply giving away. It's about giving smart,
so the impact you make lasts—for good.
To start a new kind of conversation, contact your local
Wells Fargo Private Bank office:
Candace Marshall
Philanthropic Specialist
407-649-5368
candace.r.marshall(a)wellsfargo.com
Investment and Insurance Products:
► NOT FDIC Insured
► NO Bank Guarantee
► MAY Lose Value
Wells Fargo Private Bank provides products and services through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., the banking affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company, and its various affiliates and subsidiaries. Investment
products and services are offered through Wells Fargo Advisors. Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, member SIPC, a registered broker-dealer and
separate non-bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. Trust services available through banking and trust affiliates in addition to non-affiliated companies of Wells Fargo & Company. Insurance
products are available through insurance subsidiaries ofWells Fargo & Company and are underwritten by non-affiliated Insurance Companies. Not available in all states.
© 2017 Wells Fargo Bank N.A. Member FDIC. NMLSR ID 399801 IHA-4661801 lender
