Solomon Schechter Day School
A Day in the Life of a Day School Principal
“Mr. Kennedy, Josh pushed me into the lockers for no reason!”
“Mr. Kennedy, Mr is ill today. We need a substitute.”
“Willard, can we please get the students to the Social Hall with less noise?”
Phone message. ”Mrs called and is upset. Her son deserved an A in history.”
“Schedule change?!? What do you mean a schedule change?!?”
MEMO: “Don’t forget the Education Committee meeting tonight.”
“Mr. Kennedy, did you remember to put in the order for the new textbook?”
“Willard, the word on the street is !!”
It is now 9:30 A.M. and the day has begun in typical manner — normal for most day school principals
accustomed to leading a rather “fragmented” existence and always expecting the unexpected.
However, Solomon Schechter is not just a day school, it is a Jewish school, and because of that, I have learned each day to appreciate
that there is a distinctive tone or atmosphere that I have not experienced elsewhere. For this is a school that does indeed aim to educate the
total child, including the spiritual/moral dimension. This is a school which demonstrates what a school should be—a commitment to excellence
in all aspects of the school.
When I leave the present building, I observe the flurry of activity associated with the buildong expansion to better meet our needs; when
I observe incredible cooperation, dedication,, and hard work of so many parents, teachers, and staff; when I recall how supposedly immature
students take on the responsibility of conducting Student Council meetings, organize activities supporting the Feed A Needy Neighbor Program,
celebrate the coming of Shabbat at our Shabbat Dinners (and the list literally could go on and on), I have no doubt as to the purpose of the
Solomon Schechter Day School.
Hectic? Harried? Problems? Struggles? Of course. Is it worth it? You bet it is! For I am truly gratified to be able to share in the Center’s
commitment to education and its future.
We invite each of you to share in this exciting venture with us by becoming part of our Day School Program. Truly, together we can meet
our goals of “Knowledge shared, Heritage preserved.”
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
103
