OFFICERS
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH FEDERATION
8505 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32217 • (904) 448-5000
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the central fundraising, planning,
budgeting and coordinating agency for the Jewish community. It strives to ad¬
dress the needs of the Jewish community, encouraging community participa¬
tion. Its diverse committees offer many opportunities for volunteer involve¬
ment.
The Federation funds and coordinates community relations and education
programs. It publishes a monthly newspaper of Jewish news of local and na¬
tional interest. The Federation’s Israel and New York Teen Experiences and
Young Leadership program examine Jewish life and history and give partici¬
pants an opportunity to experience their Jewishness in unique and meaning¬
ful ways.
The Federation conducts an annual campaign that raises funds for the
United Jewish Appeal, as well as other national and overseas agencies. Local
beneficiaries are the Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and Commu¬
nity Services, the Kosher Nutrition Program, River Garden Heorew Home for
the Aged and the chapters of various Jewish organizations.
President
Elliot Zisser
First Vice President
Steve Silverman
Second Vice President
Matthew Edelman
Treasurer
Joan Levin
Immediate Past President
Aaron M. Scharf
Executive Vice President
Isaac Lakritz
Assistant Director
Gail Meltzer
Jewish Family & Community Services
Iris Young, Executive Director
1988 Officers
President Lafer, Dr. Dennis
1st Vice President Harrison, Alan
Vice-Presidents Epstein, M. David
Merritt, Dr. Stephen
Winterfield, Cathy
Wolf, Martin
Financial Vice-President Harrison, Alan
Medical Director Benrubi, Dr. Guy
Mental Health Director Mann, Dr. Milton
Treasurer Moss, Norman
We are a “Full-Service” Agency helping our population from the very young to the very old to cope
with social, psychological and environmental problems. We work to promote stability and continuity
of family life, security and development of the self for individuals and a finer quality of life for those who
come to us in a world in which discontinuity, crises, social disorder and insecurity sometimes seems to
rule.
It is time again to look backwards so that we can better understand how to move forward. In this
past year, we have the opportunity to test ourselves to see how well we are meeting the ongoing
challenges that we face, how to maintain and enrich our present services, while being open and
responsive to emerging issues and needs in our community.
There are many issues which we face. They include the “greying” of our population accompanied by cutbacks in public resources and consequent demands
upon the private sector.; the loosening of the ties of the physical community; more women employed outside of the home; and a redefinition of family structure,
relationships and male/female roles.
It is, therefore, not surprising that so many of our clients come to us for help in dealing with losses, anxieties, guilts,, fears and angers that interfere with
their family, social and business relationships and their own comfort with themselves.
During the past year, over eight thousand (8,000) units of service have been provided in the counseling area. Over three thousand (3,000) units of service
have been provided in the area of group work. Almost five thousand (5,000) unite of service have been provided in the area of financial assistance and we have
fed over eleven hundred (1,100) people from our food pantry this year. Nine thousand (9,000) unite of service have been provided to our senior adult population.
We have also provided Home Studies and information packets for adoptions.
Rather than provide charity, the charge of modem Jewish social work is to do tzedakah. It is an act of charity to provide food to the hungry. It is an act
of tzedakah to teach the hungry how to provide food for themselves. When social workers assess a person, they take into consideration the impact of the entire
family. Jewish practitioners are likely to be sensitive not only to the client’s immediate family, but to the larger Jewish community family and the impact it has
had on the upon the client.
Our agency is Jewish not because we speak the language, not because of the mezuzzah on the door or the Judaic art on the walls, but because of who we
are and who we have been. We are but one more example of what the Jewish people have to offer the community and what the community has to offer the
Jewish people.
There is no better way to share with you what we mean to the community than by letting you hear from those whose lives we’ve touched.
“You’ve help me understand a lot of things that I didn’t realize before.”
“ . . . has been just wonderful to me giving ... at a time when my need of a friend was urgent. I turn to your organization and . .. has been there for me
every step of the way.”
“Thank you for being so helpful at a very stressful time for me.”
“To the ’light at the end of the tunnel’ it’s great to have you as a friend. I’m not sure how I would last if I did not have you just sit and listen during rough
times. You have always been there to lend an ear or shoulder, and for that I am forever grateful. Your emotional support is very important to me and at times
if I did not have that I would go crazy.”
“My son was in severe emotional pain . . . helped open doors to ease his problems. When your child hurts and you don’t know how to help, I can only
say how indebted I am . . .”
“I couldn’t help but to turn out to be a winner when I had you and Jewish Family Services encouraging me and giving me good and substantial material to
fully be prepared.”
“From you personally, I have learned who I am and what I need to do for a successful professional and personal life. The structures that... have provided
me with will allow me to constantly re-evaluate my actions, thoughts and needs for my future.”
“Everyone makes you feel good about yourself.”
Our achievements are the result of deep commitments by staff and Board and our resources of financial support, primarily the Jacksonville Jewish Federation.
Our standards for performance are very high. We are always interested in evaluating what we do and learning how to do it better.
Together we look forward to dealing with the major challenge in our future; how to maintain a diversity of services and a high quality in those services in
the face of increased competition for available dollars and for highly qualified professionals.
This will be a year of many changes for our Agency. The Board of Directors has participated in a retreat specifically designed to do long range planning.
They will be looking at unmet needs in our community and new program offerings.
With the community’s help, many dreams can be turned into realities; for example, our biggest dream, a group home for the developmental^ disabled;
Adoption Family Network; “SUBSTANCE ABUSE: ISSUES AND ANSWERS” program; and a senior transportation service project, a much needed service
to help maintain our elderly population.
We’d like to hear from you as we move forward. Help us plan to help you.
Best wishes for a Happy, Healthy New Year.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
197
