55+
One of the newest fun-loving groups has been formed at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center for Jewish men and women 55 years and older. The group meets
one Sunday afternoon a month for an entertaining program and refreshments.
An exciting year has already been planned. On October 9, back by popular
request, is bingo. On November 13, Mary Wolf will review, You Can't Fight City
Hall. There’s more in store for you. So come join us.
A happy and healthy New Year to all of you.
Officers
Program Co-Chairs
Helen Rosen & Grace Goldberg
Financial Secretary
Jack Silverman
Recording Secretary
Sada Freedman
Corresponding Secretaries
Bea Caplan & Pollie Copans
Nominating Committee Co-Chairs
Lois Peltz & Anita Dittman
MINIMUM
AGE
55
Henry Kramer Library
& Resource Center
Chairman: Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman: Diane Fages and May Goldie Stillman
Belle Gendzier
Marsha Pollock
*Linda Bressler
Library Cart: Lillian Meizlik
Use Gottlieb
*Jay Aronson
Rita Gendzier Hermine Newman
Judaica Collection Florence Schreiber
Treasurer: Roslyn Selber
*Deceased
This has been the year for the Solomon Schecter Day School Library. Mrs. Pam Picray, School Librarian presented a
dynamic school library program full of displays and meaningful exhibits designed to encourage children to read so many
new books. These were made available by the “Book-A-Bration” program of the Solomon Schechter PTA headed by
capable Mrs. Edith Horovitz.
The Library Sisterhood Committees presented three Oneg Shabbat Book Reviews - “Memoirs of a Fortunate Jew” by Mrs.
Debbie Dreher, “Who Wrote the Bible” by Mrs. Joan Levin and “As a Driven Leaf” by Ms. Minnie Schreiber.
The Reading Circle is alive and well. The group meets on Sunday evenings every six weeks at member’s homes. All
Center members are welcome and invited to join in this pleasurable activity. Some of the books read this year are
“Terrorism - How the West Can Win” by Wm. B. Natanyahu, “Memoirs of a Fortunate Jew” by Dan V. Segre, “The
Strange Nation of Rafael Mendes” by Moacyr Scliar.
The Library Cart is available at the Library - Sisterhood Oneg Shabbaton. The Library is open on Sunday morning 9 AM
to 12 noon.
Many service hours are contributed by Library Committee members. We were greatly saddened by the loss of Linda
Bressler and of Jay Aronson, two active members whose assistance was greatly appreciated and will be missed.
The generous support of the Center and Center membership make possible purchase of new books and periodicals for
all members to enjoy.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
