Mr. & Mrs. Club
Officers & Board Members 1988-89
President Louis & Emily Kaplan
Vice President Marty & Bea Caplan
Treasurer Helen Avchin
Recording Secretary Rose & Harry Tuckman
Corresponding Secretary Rose Lieberman
Ex-Officio Dr. Robert & Norma Gerson
Board Members
Joe & Jean Cohen
Jakob & Ella Rogozinski
George & Lee Hoppen
Morris & Leah Solomon
Daniel & Helene Pollan
Mr. & Mrs. Club is celebrating 35 years of fun and sociability for the Jewish Community of Jackson¬
ville. Monthly affairs provide dancing, dining and entertainment, plus a gala New Year’s Eve party.
If interested in becoming part of this, please call Rose Lieberman at 725-5622 or Louis Kaplan at
260-0914.
Jewish War Veterans
Lt. Meyer Leibovitz Post 199, Jacksonville, Florida
After a busy year, Post 199 is still one of the major Posts in
the North-Central Florida District Council of J.W.V., as well
as being very active in the North-East Florida Veterans Coun¬
cil.
Once again, we have enjoyable speakers and programs at
our monthly meetings. At our July meeting we had Ms. Ann
Hyman, Features Columnist of the Florida-Times Union,
recounting her experiences and interesting visits to various
Russian historic cities.
We are very active and supportive of hospitalized Veterans in
Lake City and Gainesville Medical Centers, and are also
interested in Jacksonville Community affairs.
We had the largest turn-out of veteran organizations at the
Memorial Day services at Evergreen Cemetery.
Post 199 also led the parade marching with our colors and
the Israeli flag to the J.C.A. grounds with a large contingent
in honor of Israel’s 40th Anniversary. We also had an
information booth and even wrote new applicants.
Come join us in promoting Judaism and the community,
fight anti-semitism and help the Veterans!
Top row from left: Alexander Phillips, Kenneth Jacobson. 2nd
row from left: John Perin, Jakob Rogozinski, Marcus Grebler,
Murray Solomon. Kneeling: Hugh Schulman.
Officers
Commander
Sr. Vice Commander
Jr. Vice Commander
Jr. Vice Commander
Quartermaster
Chaplain/Trustee
Judge Advocate
Advisor, PNEC
Color Sergeant
Insurance Officer
Trustee
Trustee
John Perin
Alexander Phillips
Hugh Schulman, PC
Morris Solomon
Kenneth M. Jacobson
Edward Siegel
Marcus Grebler, PC
Arnold Andriesse
Jakob Rogozinski
Irvin Glassberg
Joseph Klein
Max Goldman
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
203
