Torah Readers
I Had a Dream July 17, 1988
The dream came after pondering various possible solutions to the Middle East
crisis. Iran is a country that has 21 of the 22 Arab nations against it (all except
Syria). Israel is a country that has 21 of the 22 Arab nations against it—all except
Egypt. Iran, after Khomeini, desperately wants to end the war against Iraq. Only
pride stands in the way. Iran therefore calls on Israel to join Iran in threatening Iraq
to admit that Iraq startd the war. Iraq concedes and the eight-year-old war ends. In
thankfulness, the 21 Arab nations recognize Israel’s right to existence and security
and the 40-year-old war ends.
Ted Gross
I had another dream. (Remember the Biblical story’s descriptions of Joseph’s second dream?). This
one was the result of considering ways to increase the number of Torah reading participants each
Shabbat morning. This dream suggested that we ask each Bar Mitzvah to spend one summer at home in
order to read, at least, one portion a week for 12 consecutive weeks. Like Joseph, I hope the dreams will
bear fruition.
The Talmud in Berachot 16b lists a number of personal prayers. That of Rabbi Eleazar is particularly
appropriate: “May it be Thy will to cause to dwell in our lot love and brotherhood and peace and
friendship, and mayest Thou make our borders rich in students and prosper our latter end with good
prospect and hope.”
We thank all the readers and the many Bar Mitzvah candidates who gave so unstintingly of their time
and effort to join our team this year. We especially thank the readers who took total responsibility for all
the readings of their sidrot—Ari and David Silverman and Jonathan and Douglas Witten.
TED GROSS
Torah Reader Coordinator
Rabbi Gaffney Granted
Honorary Degree
(Standing left to right) Dean David Kogen, Chancellor Ismar
Schorsch, Rabbi David Gaffney and Inge Gaffney.
Rabbi Gaffney was granted the degree of Doctor of
Divinity, honories causa, by the Jewish Theological
Seminary of America.
Daily Minyan
We are very grateful these dedicated
minyan captains: Martin Brauner,
David Epstein, Barney Margolin,
David Mazo, Dr. David Mizrahi,
Herb Plotkin, Dr. Nathan Schneider,
Philip Selber, Nathan Shmunes,
Jack Silverman, Seeman
Zimmerman.
Shabbat Ushers
Our thanks to David Goldring for
coordinating the Shabbat ushers and
his devoted corps of ushers: Harry
Berman, Ken Organes, Herb Plotkin,
Leon Silke, Tom Spriggs, Evan
Yegelwel.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
