Three Members Honored on Simchat Torah
The Festival of Sukkot reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the holiday.
Because of Israel’s perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to in Jewish tradition as Israel’s “bride.” A tradition evolved in
ancient times to honor the individual called for the last reading of the Torah - Hatan Torah “the Groom of the Torah.” The person
honored to begin the Torah reading from its begining is called Hatan Bereshit “Groom of Genesis.” We also honor a woman who has
made a distinctive contribution to our synagogue and Jewish life.
Joseph Mizrahi
Hatan Torah
Joe Mizrahi loves the Jacksonville Jewish Cen¬
ter and the Center loves Joe Mizrahi.
For more than sixty years, Joe Mizrahi has
been actively involved in Center activities. From
his early years in the Center’s religious schools,
to being an officer of the congregation, Joe has
always been in the forefront of Center leadership.
Joe sets a good example of what a lay leader
should be. Joe has served the Center as a scout¬
master, chairman of the education committee
and youth commission. As an officer, he has
been a vice-president, secretary and treasurer.
Although asked many times, Joe would not accept
the presidency.
His love for Judaism is evident by his faithful
attendance and participation in Shabbat and holi¬
day services. It is always a delight for the congre¬
gation to hear Joe chant a Haftorah or lead a
service. His pride in his Jewish heritage is only
exceeded by his pride in his family. He has
taught his children well and they are active parti¬
cipants in religious life and leadership of the
Center. Through his example, a tradition of devo¬
tion and generosity has been firmly established.
Through his influence the Mizrahis have become
one of the leading philanthropic families in the
Jacksonville Jewish community.
A native of Jacksonville, Joe Mizrahi graduated
from the University of Florida and became a
talented CPA. Together with his brother Ralph,
Joe built a successful fashion chain from his
father’s store in downtown Jacksonville. From
his efforts, the family business has grown from
one store to many throughout the Southeast.
Over the years he shared his business expertise
with the Center finance committee and he insti¬
tuted numerous fiscal policies that enabled the
Center to be in a more responsible financial
position.
Our Hatan Torah is a loving father and grand¬
father, warm and loyal friend, faithful family mem¬
ber and exemplary Jew. His children, Eddie,
Jack and Jan and his grandchildren share in this
honor. The congregation extends to them all
their mazel tov wishes.
Robert Cantor
Hatan Bereshit
To the unknowning Center member, Robert
Cantor might seem like just another tall and
handsome fellow. But to the Center USY’ers
he’s the greatest advisor.
Ask any USY’er and you’ll be told how easy it
is to talk to Robert and how much he is admired
and respected. The feelings are definitely mutual.
Robert finds the kids refreshing and he enjoys
their honesty.
Leading a youth group requires a great déal of
organization, time, travel and patience. Robert
feels it’s worth the effort. Recently our USY won
the award for the most outstanding chapter in
the Southeast Region. This certainly can be attri¬
buted to the wonderful rapport between the
youth group and its advisor.
As if USY is not enough, Robert is chairman
of the Youth Commission, has served on the
athletic and recreation committees and was one
of the guiding forces in the formation of our
Sunday Funday program where he also served
as a volunteer coach for many years. Robert is
an active member of the Center Board.
Our Hatan Bereshit is proud of the Center’s
youth groups. He feels involved teens become
concerned and informed adults. This positive atti¬
tude during their teens can be a lasting influence
on their future Jewish lives. He kvells when he
sees some of his older USY’ers who are now
parents. “It’s rewarding to see them as adults
and just as active in Jewish life at the Center. It’s
a cycle I want to see repeated. This is my
reward” he says.
Robert’s greatest supporter is his wife Barbara.
Their sons, Billy and Steven, are active in all the
Center’s youth programs and have enjoyed their
father’s roll as youth advisor. We are grateful to
men like Robert who are there “in the beginning”
for our children.
Evelyn Mizrahi
Woman of Valor
Listening to Evelyn Mizrahi, one regrets not
being involved during her active years as a Sister¬
hood and River Garden president and dedicated
fund raiser.
In 1950, after completing a successful term as
River Garden Auxiliary president, Evelyn assumed
the chairmanship of the Center Sisterhood Beau¬
tification Committee. Under her capable leader¬
ship, the Center Sisterhood raised the necessary
funds to equip and furnish the lounge, library,
kitchen, rabbi’s study and stage of the then
newly-built Activities building on Third and Silver
Streets. No job was too great or too small for
her or her aggressive and enthusiastic commit¬
tee-whether it be cleaning chandeliers or soliciting
door to door.
Riding on the crest of this successful endeavor,
Evelyn accepted the Center Sisterhood presidency
in 1952. Her term was marked with outstanding
achievements and innovative programs.
Evelyn has also served as a den mother, Sister¬
hood vice-president and Florida Branch vice-
president. She is a Torah Fund Benefactor and a
life member of Hadassah and River Garden.
Evelyn’s love for the Center is deeply-rooted.
She credits her early inspiration to her in-laws,
Estrea and Salim Mizrahi, who encouraged her
involvement in Jewish life. Her husband, Ralph, a
past president of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
and active member in his own right, was always
supportive.
Center and community leadership are a family
affair in the Mizrahi family. Son Charles is a past
president of the Center; son David was president
of Southeast Region USY and is currently the
Center’s Religious committee chairman; daughter
Debby Katz is active in her synagogue in Fram¬
ingham. Her grandchildren, too, have held lead¬
ership roles in many Jewish youth programs.
We honor Evelyn Mizrahi for her devotion to
her family, synagogue and community. She is a
shining example of a “Woman of Valor.”
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
57
