Jacksonville, Florida Chapter Hadassah
Hadassah, the Women’s Zionist Organization of America, Inc.
was born out of Henrietta Szold’s vision of a new kind of
Jewish woman and a new kind of organization to channel her
commitment and compassion for the benefit of our people.
385,000 American Jewish women are awakened to who and
what they are, and how they can live richer, fuller lives in
service to others.
Here in Jacksonville, our membership of over 1,000 has shared
a dream of major growth and achievement. Advances in re¬
search, treatment and technology have kept the Hadassah
Medical Organization at the forefront of health care world¬
wide.
The Hadassah Medical Relief Association has extended our
reach into 22 nations. We have made important gains in
nuturing both the young minds and the fragile soil of Israel.
New career programs at the Hadassah Community College, our
work with the Ethiopians through youth Aliyah, and Hadassah
Vocational Guidance Institute are all helping thousands of
young Jewish men and women to build better lives for them¬
selves and a stronger Jewish nation.
New residents and unaffiliated women are invited to join us.
Please call one of our presidents so that we may welcome you!
We wish all of you the Blessings of Health, Peace, and Joy in
the coming year.
Joan Waitz
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah
Chapter Officers:
President Joan Waitz
(731-2486)
Education V.P Wendy Honigman
Program V.P Tricia Bloom
Membership V.P June Shenkman
Treasurer Ann Mattes
Fund Raising V.P Evelyn Moscovitz
Financial Secty Elaine Barnert
Recording Secty Lillian Meizlik
Corresponding Secty Bess Rothstein
Tikva Group - Day meetings
on second Tuesday of Month
President Rochelle Battock
(268-6867)
Education V.P Joan Levin
Program V.P Phyllis Garbose
Membership V.P Pearl Marton
Fund Raising V.P Rhoda Kagan
Treasurer Pat Frisch
Financial Secty Edna Reich
Recording Secty Evelyn Meisel
Corresp. Secty Hannah Rosenberg
Rochelle Battock
Shir-Li Group - Evening meetings
on second Wednesday of the month
President Linda Bloom
(262-4667)
Education V.P Marilyn Feldstein
Program V.P Carla Bernard
Membership V.P Margie Rogozinski
Randi Rogozinski
Fund Raising V.P... Jeanine Rogozinski
Treasurer Janice Glassman
Financial Secty Arlene Yegelwel
Recording Secty Janis Fleet
Corresponding Secty Holly Baker
Social Secty Kathy Osterer
Linda Bloom
Hannah Senesch Group - Evening meetings
on second Wednesday of the month
President Laurie Benwick
(737-3170)
Education V.P Lillian Meizlik
Membership V.P Martha Steinfeld
Fund Raising V.P Paul Fox
Treasurer Claire Gamse
Financial Secty Helen Avchin
Recording Secty Florence Goldschmidt
Avodah Group - Evening meetings
on third Wednesday of the month
President Elaine Weiss
(737-9149)
Education V.P Gert Brown
Fund Raising V.P Hilda Warfield
Program V.P Glorya Weintraub
Treasurer Diane Joffree
Financial Secty Vivian Kaplan
Recording Secty Eunice Gross
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
199
