United Synagogue Summer Programs
Simon Seiber presents Eric
Kravitz with the Abe Seiber
Scholarship,
Camp Ramah
Camp Ramah is a very special place where you not
only learn about Judaism, but you also live it. Anyone
who has ever visited Ramah has been touched by the
unique spirit that grows there. Ramah offers a full range
of camp athletic and social activities in addition to its
special blend of Jewish cultural and social activities.
Over the years, RAMAH has helped instill a deeper
commitment to Judaism in many of its participants. The
Center believes that benefits accrue to the congregation,
not just to the individual. We have, therefore, made
monies available to reduce the financial cost of qualified
students, regardless of need. These monies are not part
of the regular Center budget, but rather are raised by
donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund,
Center Sisterhood, scholarships and from other dona¬
tions made throughout the year.
Abe Seiber established in his will a perpetual trust for
specific Jewish education purposes. With the full support
of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never lost
interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe Seiber
Trust have been used to send campers to Ramah.
We are grateful to Horty Gendzier who coordinates
this worthwhile program.
RAMAH IN ISRAEL SEMINAR This six-week Jewish teen pro¬
gram for those who have completed the 11th grade is an exciting
tour of Israel. The teens study, travel and visit many kibbutzim. A
fabulous weekend is spent at the first Conservative Jewish Kibbutz—
Kibbutz Hanaton. The educational process extends far beyond the
formal classes; it is a living experience.
This year David Silverman participated in the program.
Front (L-R): Joanna Spiwak, Eric Kravitz, Kevin Kaplan, Morry
Safer, Barry Blumenthal Courtney Schuster; Back (L-R): Rebekah
Franzblau, Lee Kaplan, Jonothan Andriesse, Marcy Rubens, Emily
Goldberg, Rachel Mizrahi, Lisa Schneider. Missing from photo:
Todd Blumenthal, Aron Greenburg.
USY ON WHEELS This six and a half week cross country
tour affords teenagers, ages 14% to 18, the opportunity to
see many of the exciting sites in the U.S. and Canada while
living a fully Jewish life. Each bus of 45 teens has a chance
to visit their peers and experience Conservative Judaism in
North America.
Ramah campers received scholarships from
the Myra Thier Lazarus Fund, Sisterhood
and the Center.
CHARLIE COLEMAN’S
ATHLETIC CO.
Since 1964
Team & Individual Equipment & Clothing
Complete Lettering & Artwork
One Day Service Available
Novelties From Your College Or Pro Team
Westside Jax. Beach Northside
6136 103rd St. 1124 N. 3rd St. 6817 Norwood Ave.
771-9330 246-7585 768-3183
Herman Jackson
59 Years of Business
Dry Cleaning
We specialize in cleaning and preserving
Wedding Gowns
All work done on premises
1981 San Marco Blvd. Phone 396-7010
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
191
