Message from Rabbi David
“Judaism: An Opportunity for Active Participants”
There was a time when the change of seasons was announced by events of nature. The autumn
colors and flocking of birds, the young saplings breaking through the soil would each herald a different
season of the year. A religiously sensitive community would celebrate these events as holidays, in
festival pagentry, in community prayer and worship. Today the seasonal changes are more frequently
announced by the cries of “play ball” or “batter up.” Sports provide the means by which we note the
passing days - the football, the baseball, the basketball season - each signals the passage of time as does
the calendar. These activities are more than a form of entertainment. Sports fans have, in many cases,
found a new expression for the need to worship. Spectators at the stadium and in front of their t.v.’s;
the wholesale ^identification with our favorite sports heroes.. .our new “high priests” and charismatic
leaders, testify to the seriousness with which we consider athletic competition. Our favorite heroes and
teams are often perceived as objects of our worship.
We need to pause, prior to the advent of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, to realize that there
are other contests that are being waged and other activities in which the “glory of victory and the agony
of defeat” are being decided. There are contests being waged between those forces that support
Jewish identity and those that make for its dissolution; between Jewish significance and its trivilization;
between Jewish fulfillment and one or another forms of assimilation. The nature and character of
the Jewish community is being decided now...and what is sobering is that it cannot be resolved as if
Jewish life were a spectator sport. We cannot remain on the sidelines and allow the “professionals”
to play the game for us.
The renewal of Jewish life today is very much a contest and no one can say for sure what the outcome will be. The final score will be written
by those who have the will to play, or, God forbid, by those who remain inert and passive on the sidelines. The High Holidays call upon each
and everyone of us to commit to participate fully, energetically and joyously in the privilege of being a Jew in an America which gives us every
opportunity to affirm our Jewishness.
It will be fatal to our hopes for any kind of vital tomorrow to indulge in the illusion that we can do as Jews what we do as sport spectators-
pay the price of admission and let the “pros” put on the show. No one can take the place of a Jewish mother and father guiding their children
on the path of Jewish loyalty and learning. No one can take the place of parents making their home a “miniature sanctuary.” No one can take
the place of worshippers who assemble with regularity to express the highest values of their faith and to find meaning in the presence of God.
No one can take your place in supporting, strengthening and nurturing the wide range of synagogue activities that transmit the heritage of
Judaism into every aspect of our lives. The most eloquent Rabbi, the most competant educational staff do not constitute a synagogue. Only
the presence of willing hearts of men and women and children of the congregation can impart meaning, joy and strength to our collective life.
Belonging to the synagogue should mean that we take advantage of the many opportunities that our congregation makes avails us for
meaningful Jewish living. The more we participate and the more we serve the greater our achievement of making Judaism real and alive for
ourselves, our family and the community.
It is the synaogogue which provides the ideal Jewish setting for worship, where that which is noblest in ourselves reaches out towards that
which is highest in the universe - God.
It is the synagogue that best preserves the Jewish heritage and most effectively transmits the teaching of our Torah, the wisdom of our sages
and teachers.
It is the synagogue which is the most important force of Jewish continuity through the viscissitudes of our history and it is the synagogue
which continues to nourish the Jewish will to survive and provide joy in living as a Jew. It is the synagogue which raises to the loftiest significance
the great milestones, from birth to death by clothing them in the warmth of hallowed words and sacred rituals, by providing the community with
which we share these exalted occasions.
It is the synagogue which articulates and gives life to a people’s most treasured memories; which provides fellowship for those Jews who
take their heritage seriously and who look to it to provide guidance, solace and inspiration.
We find fulfillment in life by caring greatly and feeling deeply. We do so by expanding our interests and enlarging our horizons. It is realizing
that the essence of meaningful living is putting as much into life as we take out of it.
Your presence is needed at the weekly Shabbat services. If you haven’t enjoyed an early Friday evening Kabbalat Shabbat or a Saturday
afternoon Shalosh Seudot, now is the time to begin. Your presence is needed at the Daily Minyan; as a volunteer and as a participant in any
number of committees that serve our congregation.; as a student in one of our Adult Study classes. Your presence is needed as a supporter
of Sisterhood, the Family Council, the Solomon Schechter P.T.A. or Hebrew School’s A.U.T.O.; as a volunteer in our youth programs and
as a worker on behalf of the many worthy projects our synagogue sponsors. Your participation is needed in any number of worthwhile activities
that take place in the community that make possible Jewish life here and elsewhere.
When the Jewish people stood at Sinai and responded to God’s charge by saying “all that You have commanded we will do...” .they committed
themselves to leave the sidelines and to get into the game of life. Each of us is committed by that pledge at Sinai. You can make the difference
in helping to enhance the quality of Jewish life that our synagogue provides...now and for future generations. You can, at the same time, find
personal satisfaction and spiritual enrichment as you share with others in advancing the work of God. Judaism is not only our responsibility...it
can also be our fulfillment. We need fewer spectators and more participants. When the time comes when we turn in our uniforms and hang
up our glove there is no greater satisfaction than the knowledge that we have played the game...the game of life...and that we have played it
well.
Inge joins me in wishing you and yours a healthy, happy and fulfilling New Year.
Gaffney
Rabbi David and
Inna riaffnmr
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
9
