Four Questions
The Jewish community is about to enter the most solemn period in the Jewish calendar, as we anticipate the arrival of the
Days of Awe, beginning with the first day of Rosh Hashanah and concluding on Yom Kippur. If we will approach these days
as holy days, not holidays, they are bound to leave a great impact on us. While we take holidays to escape duty, on holy days,
we are called to responsibility. On holidays, we seek to empty our minds, while on holy days, we attempt to enrich our spirits.
On holidays, we indulge our wants, but on holy days, we commit ourselves to what we need. On holidays, we like to change
our scenery, but on holy days, we ought to change our hearts. Rosh Hashanah is the time, therefore, for Heshbon Ha-
nefesh, for “self-evaluation”, an especially appropriate opportunity to integrate our faith, our hopes and our goals with a
higher vision of life.
In order to engage in the process of Heshbon Ha-nefesh, “self-evaluation”, the following questions need be answered.
How much am I worth?
This is the time to ask the question how much am I worth? But not in terms of money. Who was ever remembered with
affection and respect for the things of this world that he possessed? How much am i Worth in terms of the quality of my life,
my contribution to the well being of mankind, my kinship with a living God. Judaism is not opposed to affluence. Rather,
Judaism laments the absence of a social culture which spells out the obligation of money...the shared feelings, purposes,
traditions and hopes among the wealthy which will assure the appropriate utilization of a person’s material well being. This
philosophy is similar to the statement made by Tevya in “Fiddler On the Roof’’...when he said, “poverty is no crime, but it’s
no great honor either.” The genius of Judaism consists precisely in its offering a blueprint of the proper uses of wealth that
is so thoroughly lacking in our general society. That is how we can explain the astronomical sums that Jews donate to tzdaka
every year, far out of proportion to the paucity of their numbers.
The question of how much I am worth itself breaks down into three questions.
How much have I grown?
How much have I grown in this year that has passed? How has my spirit increased in stature? Eric Fromm once wrote that
“the whole life of the individual is nothing but the process of giving birth to himself. Indeed, we should be fully born when we
die - although it is a tragic fate of most individuals to die before they are born. Have I given birth to the great moral and
spiritual possibilities that lie dormant within me? Have I brought to life those potentialities for good with which God has
seeded my spirit.
How much have I ¡oved?
How much have I loved? The rare beauty and power of life is found in the blessed miracle of love. With the passing years, and
as the end of life looms not too terribly far away, many a person finds himself asking more and more deeply, have I loved
enough? Have I been able to surmount the barriers that so easily cut me off from my fellow creatures and from those people
who are closest to me and from God. People who are motivated by self-aggrandizement and who see in other people only an
audience cannot be affected by the resultant loneliness and unhappiness of their lives. Have we been able to place our
selfhood at the service of loved ones; of large social purposes, of great religious causes?
How much have I given?
How much have I given? The true substance of our lives grows within us through the process of giving. You cannot grow
without giving, for it is the giving which provides the motivation for growth. When we look within ourselves, we discover that
what we are is a sum of all that we have found ways to give to our man.
Everything of value in our lives stems from our moving outward. Perhaps, like the exploding universe it is the life force in us
exploding. We come alive when we give. Without giving, we have no real access to others, no awareness of anything except
ourselves - perhaps not even of ourselves.
These then are the great questions with which we have to search our hearts during these blessed High Holy Days, as we
remember the countless generations before us who have asked them as well. We pray this year that our responses to the
questions of life be as true, honest and those of our forebears so that we can find grace, both in the eyes of God and in our
fellow man.
A happy, healthy and fulfilling season of holy days ... to all!
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
8
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
