Boy Scout Troop 14
Boy Scout Troop 14 entered its 70th year riding high on the wave of success. 1987-88
featured an active outdoor agenda coupled with programs and activities informative and
fun integrated within the framework of a modern program designed to build friendships
and character.
The Troop opened the camping season with a trip to Payne’s Prairie State Park near
Gainesville. The trip was highlighted when the boys attended a U. of Fla. football game
followed by a troop game on the astro turf of Florida Field.
St. Augustine played host to the Troop for a weekend sojourn at Anastasia State Park
along the Atlantic. The scouts’ endurance was tested by the educational, but arduous,
St. Augustine Historic Trail Hike co-sponsored by the Boy Scouts of America and The
Florida Historic Trail Society. The yeoman scouts were rewarded for their efforts with an
evening on the town at Wacky Golf in the Historic City.
Troop 14 returned to a favorite winter haunt, Blue Springs State Park. The scouts
enjoyed watching the abundant manatee that gather in the spring to escape the frigid St.
Johns River. The scouts also enjoyed swimming and snorkeling in the clear spring water
which was far more temperate than the February atmosphere. This was to be the
Troop’s only overnight weekend in cabins during the year.
We returned to Payne’s Prairie from which we embarked for a weekend of fishing aboard
a chartered boat. Although the weather discouraged the fish from biting, the scouts
experienced the unspoiled, natural beauty of Lakes Orange and Lachaloosa where
majestic bald eagles could be seen nesting along the shores. The banks of these lakes
provided the beautiful setting which inspired Margery Kinnan Rawlings to author numerous
best sellers about rustic Florida, including the “Yearling”. Ms. Rawling’s life was recently
memorialized in the film “Cross Creek”. The scouts visited the former homestead of Ms.
Rawlings in Cross Creek, and saw how Ms. Rawlings lived and wrote in that bygone era.
The weekend was capped by a visit to the unusual Wild Animal Refuge near Waldo.
A weekend campout to a new hangout, Wekiva Springs State Park, included a scenic
canoe trip and race followed by a monumental football game on the banks of the clear
natural spring.
The Troop faced an evening of voracious mosquitos at the primitive Gulf Ridge Council Scout Camp to enjoy the following day at
Busch Gardens in Tampa. Scout World saw the return of Troop 14 for a weekend of camping with 4,000 area scouts, and the boys
displayed radio controlled vehicles in an exhibit popular among scouts and visitors. Our scouts also hosted the Webloes of Cub Pack 14
overnight at nearby Camp Echockotee and assisted with the annual Cub Pack overnight.
The Blue and Gold Banquet attended by about 250 persons featured Mayor Hazouri as the guest speaker. The highlights of the
banquet was the award to Michael Weitzen of the coveted Eagle Scout award. The presentation to Michael was made by Federal Judge
Harvey Schlesinger, himself a scouting devotee. Michael has the proud distinction of being the first scout of Troop 14 to achieve the lofty
goal of Eagle in 10 years, though many have tried. Michael’s achievment was crowned by a tumultuous standing ovation by all in
attendance. Congratulations go to Michael, his parents, Dr. Jerome and Diane Weitzen, and family. (See photo)
Other programs highlighting the year included a memorable Scout Sabbath service with the Troop participating, a tour of the Florida
Publishing Company, and features on space exploration and astromony with Les Gold of NASA who is an Eagle Scout and regular guest
of Troop 14. Thanksgiving Day lunch was served to the residents of Mount Carmel by our scouts, but the real service was the magical
interaction between the young and young at heart which flows from this annual event initiated by Dan Wilensky, Asst. Scoutmaster and
Board Chairman of Mount Carmel.
Eight scouts attended summer camp at Camp Shands, they are: Michael Weitzen, Jeff Ghelerter, Marc Gentry, Life Wilensky, Andy
Ussach, Brian Usoff,Tom McCullough and Adam Dean.
Troop 14 welcomed new scouts, Morry Safer, Todd Blumenthal, Jay Goldstein, Adam Dean, Tom McCullough and Michael Garber.
Plans for the upcoming year include, among others, trips to National Scout Jamboree at Fort A. P. Hill, Virginia, NASA Cumberland
Island, U. of F. football game, and Ginni Springs.
Troop 14 is for boys entering 6th grade through age 18. Boys interested in joining may contact Scoutmaster Randy Silverberg at
398-0038 (day) or 733-6649 (evéning), Asst. Scoutmaster Harry Peltz at 737-0309, or the Center office.
Michael Weitzen receiving Eagle Award.
Brownie Troop #882
For many years, the Center Sisterhood and the Center have sponsored the Brownie
and Girl Scout troops of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Scouting is very important
phase of the youth program. It helps develop character, usefulness at home, appreciation
of nature and the out-of-doors, creation of objects of beauty and usefulness from simple
things, and it helps these young people to find their places in the synagogue and
community through service.
Brownie Troop #882: Elizabeth Baker, Sonya Dunkle, Joy Gottlieb, Beth Grann,
Sharona Kadish, Shira Morris, Elyssa Newman, Natalie Osterer, Bridget Pace, Brook
Pace, Hadassah Philips, Alyssa Rademan, Meredith Regas, Heather Slavkin, Shira
Smargon, Sara Woodward; Leaders: Jane Grann, Susie Kadish, Arlene Slavkin.
Girl Scout Troop #162
Girl Scouting is more than a club, it is a nationwide, worldwide movement for girls ages 7-17. Girl Scouts make a promise and live by
the Girl Scout laws. These simple guides prepare a young girl to live in our bewildering modern world.
If you are interested in being a scout or a leader, call Clara Mann, 733-6472
187
