NCJW
ABOUT NCJW
Established in 1893, the National Council of Jewish Women is the oldest
Jewish women's organization in America. NCJW has more than 100,000
members in 200 Sections nationwide that are active in the organization's pri¬
ority areas of Women’s Issues, Jewish Life, Aging, Children and
Youth, Israel, and Constitutional rights.
NCJW Jacksonville Section has been instrumental in developing and
implementing many significant programs in our community, currently includ¬
ing:
P.A.C.E. - Practical and Cultural Education - a structured academic and
vocational program for teenage girls who have become involved in the court
system as status offenders.
Mental Health Forum - a one-day public forum of mini-workshops, such
as: coping with personal relationships, family life and stresses, co-sponsored
with the Mental Health Association.
Kosher Kart - delivery of balanced, hot meals to homebound individuals.
Guardian Ad Litem - a volunteer program for court appointed child advo¬
cates to represent abused and neglected children in Judicial hearings.
Tallahassee Institute - a conclave of concerned women advocating the
issues of NCJW priorities to legislative representatives.
Ship-A-Box - packaging and sending personal articles to children in Israel.
Pre-School Vision Screening - Since 1971, Council has participated in
an eye screening program for the benefit of public and private kindergarten
students. Hundreds of children have been tested under this program each
year.
Social Legislation - Through programs and study groups, and in accor¬
dance with recommendations from national and state legislative chairwomen,
this committee brings legislation to the members and recommends actions.
Green Circle Program - Volunteers present a three session dialogue with
second graders to promote a positive sense of self-worth and a better under¬
standing of human differences and similarities in children.
Art Enrichment Program - Picture Ladies - In cooperation with the
Jacksonville Art Museum and the Duval County school system, volunteers are
trained to go into classrooms on a regular basis to supplement the art resource
program in public and private schools.
Officers 1988-89
Left to right: Sandy Miller, V.P. Public Affairs; Donna Palevsky, V.P.
Community Services; Marlene Myers, Financial Secretary; Ellen Rosner,
V.P. Programs; Cheryl Blum, Treasurer; Marion Tischler, President;
Nancy Harris, V.P. Membership; Beth Shorstein, V.P. Administration;
Gertrude Kramer, Co-Corresponding Secretary. Not pictured: Adrienne
Greenhut, Co-Corresponding Secretary; Lauren Snyder, Recording
Secretary.
Women’s American ORT, Inc.
Women’s American ORT, a fundraising group which builds schools, trains teachers and provides high tech tracts of
education in various schools, is alive and active in the Jacksonville area.
ORT has schools in Israel, the U.S. and throughout 53 other countries. With our commitment to technical education,
we will see the fruition of our students by giving them the education and start they never would have had otherwise.
Locally, the Riverfront Chapter of ORT has women
from 26-85, housewives and professionals, singles and
married. We are active in community, and speak out
on Jewish issues. The group also enjoys social events.
Our Board for 1988-1989 Is:
Co-Presidents:
Vice President:
Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Sherry Kaufman
Jeanne Marón Youker
Linda Blumberg
Lillie Rae Levy
Sherry Michaels
Ronnie Stone
Lynda Hartnig
If you are interested in joining ORT or finding out more
information, please contact Jeane Youker at 262-
2577, days.
Women's American ORT* Afternoon Chapter
This group meets the fourth Monday of the month as its
regular meeting. The second Monday, the Board Meet¬
ings are held.
The slate of officers for the
President
Vice President/Treasurer
Financial Secretary
Recording Secretary
Donor & Honor Roll Chairman
Corresponding Secretary
Sunshine Chairman
Program
Bulletin
Mail
Hospitality
coming year is as follows:
Gertrude Kramer
Dora Fleet
Fran Benton
Marjorie Stone
Henrietta Dundees
Naomi Miller
Mollle Rubenstein
Stella Siegle
Gertrude Kramer
Pat Berger
Naomi Miller
Ruth Jacobson
The entire board
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
205
