Zionist Organization of America
Jacksonville District
To keep Israel strong, we work hard to keep the Zionist Organization of America OFFICERS
strong. Since 1948 we have generated funds for ZOA projects in Israel and Zionist D ... ,
programs in the United States. ZOA has organized young adults leadership missions, President Wendy Monlgman
instituted the first series of Christian Zionist dialogues, educated over 30,000 Jewish Chairman of the Board Milton B. Mann, MD
students at Kfar Silver Technological/Agricultural High School in Ashkelon, services Vice Presidents
over 25,000 Americans and Israelis each month with cultural programs in the ZOA . . , , . . .... . ..
House in Tel Aviv. Besides publishing The American Zionist and ZOA Insider, there Membership Lillian Meizllk
is the Zionist Information News Service that provides a weekly bulletin filled with vital Fund Raising Alan Taffet
information not usually found elsewhere. ZOA has placed ads and letters to the editor ir^^nn AnriP £hmi ihpq
on topical US-Israeli, Zionist and Jewish community issues, testified before Congress D . T ..
on Free Trade legislation and moving the US Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and pe- Programs lna IaiI6t
titioned and demonstrated on rescinding UN resolution 3370, rejecting US dialogue Recording Secretary Leon & Lois Robins
With the PLO and opposing the sale of AWAC planes to Arab nations. It has been our Corresponding Secretary Clara Mae Mann
custom for 40 years to sponsor a Jewish National Fund Banquet, for the community, _ I 1 n 1
in order to plant trees in Israel. This year we honored the memory of Sue Balter * reasurer Joel Dressier
Becker, a past Center Sisterhood President who was very active in youth activities for Parliamentarian Nathan Shmunes
Hadassah and lived the Zionist dream by livingpart of each year in Israel with her Historian Joseph Honigman, MD
beloved husband, Jack, a leader in his own right. The children of the schools of the 1KTC ^ ai j i xa
Jacksonville Jewish Center planted a Gaiden in her memory. Guest speaker at this JINh Ulairmen Cantor A1 and Pearl Marton
banquet was the world-renown Charlotte Jacobson.
A new project is the establishing of an Ethiopian training complex at Kfar Malachi. We have been invited to place bookshelves in a library for the
Ethiopians. Last year we joined the ARMDI and B’nai B’rith to raise funds to purchase an ambulance for Israel. This will be an ongoing effort until the
goal is reached.
ZOA is one of the few Zionist organizations with a constituency whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel. Renew your commitment to Israel
by joining with us.
Jacksonville District ZOA is proud of Michael Flaschen, this year’s winner of a ZOA/MASADA SCHOLARSHIP. Scholarships are available for students
of the Jacksonville community. The recipients may choose from the many Masada Youth Programs in Israel. These programs provide a six week tour
of Israel exploring from the Galilee to the Gulf of Eilat. The applicants must submit an essay on an assigned topic and then be interviewed by the scholarship
committee. For an application, please call Ina Taffet at 737-7848.
ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE
#800
6161 Phillips Highway
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Stuart I. Hecht, President
Stuart I. Hecht is always glad to discuss the way B’nai
B’rith can be of service to our community and how
B’nai B’rith can provide this community with projects
and services.
Founded in 1843, B’nai B’rith is the world’s largest Jewish
organization. One-half million members in 41 countries are affiliated
with B’nai B’rith. The organization defends human rights and fights
discrimination throughout the world. It sponsors inter-faith dia¬
logues, promotes democracy and world peace and is commited to
Jewish unity. B’nai B’rith has helped instill hundreds of thousands
of young adults with moral and ethical values and a sense of Jewish
identity through the Hillel Foundations on over 400 college cam¬
puses. B'nai B’rith provides senior citizens with quality housing and
its youth organizations offer leadership training to teenagers. B’nai
B'rith works to promote Jewish education, and to preserve Jewish
culture; through community programs its membership reaches out
to those in need and works for the betterment of society.
In Jacksonville B’nai B’rith is always looking for new members
who are interested in working with the local organization. For
further information or membership information contact the
president, Stuart Hecht at 731-3406.
Past Presidents of
Abe Rothstein
Morris Witten
Leonard Grunthal
Philip N. Selber
Harry Katz
Edgar Felson
Arthur Gutman
Donald Cohn
Nat Shorstein
Louis Safer
Albert Datz
Lionel Gaines
Norman Freedman
Joel Goldman
Irwin Bud Goldberg
Emanuel Ehrlich
Paul Bossen
Ed Mass
Hyman Selber
Bert Whitfield
B’nai Brith
Robert Roth
Arthur Hurwitz
E. Ted Cohn
Leonard Cohn
Hy Kliman
Jack Coleman
H. T. Freedman
Alfred Rosenzweig
Milton Hecht
Stuart Hecht
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
201
