Rabbi Dov Kentof and
his wife Alina
Carol Scott
Rabbi Kentof’s Secretary
Supplemental Schools
Sunday School, Afternoon School
and Hebrew High
Rabbi Dov Kentof, Director
A woman was driving a carpool of children who started
to jostle and yell. When she turned around to quiet them
she drove through a red light and almost ran down a man.
The man walked over to the car overflowing with children
and said, “Lady, don’t you know when to stop?” Glancing
back at the children, she said icily, “They aren’t all mine.”
Our lives are filled with so many distractions that we
rarely stop to think what it means to be Jewish, or just as
important, how to be Jewish. No religion or culture can
live by its thoughts and teachings alone. It needs forms and
rituals to encapsulate its truths, symbols and observances to
penetrate an individual’s inner being, and festivals and holi¬
days to celebrate its values and preserve its history. If an
ethnic or social system is to survive, it must keep its adher¬
ents constantly informed of its essential character and pur¬
pose. The ideas and ideals of a people may give it signifi¬
cance, but its group habits give it life.
As Jews, many of us have kept the holidays and customs
for years without knowing why. Others have not practiced
the basic traditions because they were never taught how.
Still others refrain from holiday observances out of embar¬
rassment born of pseudo-sophistication or because they lack
the impulse to act. We all need to know more about the
practices of Judaism. And while practice may not necessar¬
ily make perfect, at least it will help make us informed, in¬
volved, and intelligent Jews.
For the coming year, we are anticipating great involve¬
ment with our newly created Family Council, offering Jew¬
ish education to all families of our entire congregation; the
new, innovative curriculum and approach in our Afternoon
Hebrew School and High School; our new* invigorated Jun¬
ior Congregation; and our dynamic Youth Department.
I am urging the entire congregation to take advantage of
our fine Education and Youth program and to set an ex¬
ample to the younger generation by practicing Torah and
good deeds.
May this year bring you and yours fulfillment, happiness
and all the best. Alina, Gil and Tali extend their wishes to
mine.
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Director of Education & Youth
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
109
