River Garden
Medical progress has served us in many areas. One which con¬
cerns us the most is the longer lifespan of our older citizens. River
Garden Auxiliary — a very special group of dedicated ladies and
gentlemen — work diligently to help make the lives of the residents
a bit happier, a bit more comfortable, a lot more meaningful.
Our dedicated volunteers participate in. many activities that take
place at the Home. Our out-to-lunch program'gives some residents
the opportunity to go “out to eat” on a one-on-one basis. We
celebrate Mother and Father’s Day, Hanukah, and Purim through
our Special Holiday Programs. We especially recruit volunteers via
our “Give Sarah 2 Hours” drive for these programs. We sponsor a
successful blood bank drive for the use by our residents. The Sun¬
shine Program provides gifts for residents who have been hospital¬
ized as well as visits by volunteers. We staff the “Little Store”, help
with letter writing, assist with shopping and some adopt a friend.
Our fund-raising is achieved through annual dues, life member¬
ships, Tombola, Linen Shower and Donor Programs. Many friends
contribute to our Tree of Life, Memorial and Fifth Commandment
plaques.
On Anniversary Day in March, we celebrate joyfully. This day is
jointly planned and carried out by the Board of Trustees, profes¬
sional staff and hosted by the Auxiliary.
This year River Garden broke ground for its new facility in Man¬
darin. This endeavor will need the support of every Jewish family in
Jacksonville. We hope we can count on yours.
Our motto, “Service with a Heart”, is very meaningful to us.
Won’t you join our membership? We need every “Helping Hand”
and willing heart to carry out our services to the resident.
Through “Helping Hands”, our quarterly newsletter, we are able
to communicate the Auxiliary events on an annual basis.
Our best wishes to you and your families for a Healthy and
Happy New Year.
Auxiliary
Officers
President Madalyn Zager
Vice President Fund Raising Judy Price
Vice President Service Coordinator Peggy Bandel
Vice President Membership Ruth Nachman
Vice President Operations Bea Caplan
General Treasurer Dora Katz
Financial Secretary Rose Tuckman
Recording Secretary Paula Solomon
Corresponding Secretary Frances Janofsky
©
3 c a
The Jewish Community Alliance is a centralized facility for cultural, recreational, and
enrichment activities for the entire Jacksonville Jewish community. The dream of
many is now a reality!
The JCA provides opportunities for the development of an educated, knowledgeable
leadership and intelligent, participating citizenry. The rich and varied programs of
Jewish and general activities include:
Cultural Arts
Community Services
Social
Education
Health and Physical Education
Early Childhood
Youth
Adult and Senior Adult
Single Adult
Officers/Board of
Alexander Brest
Honorary Chairman
David Stein
President
Max Block
Vice President
Richard Browdy
Vice President
Lois Chepenik
Vice President
Lawrence DuBow
Vice President
Joseph P. Safer
Secretary
Daniel Edelman
Treasurer
Directors The JCA is a “state-of-the-art” facility, staffed by the very best professionals, whose
main goal is to serve members in a first class manner. Meeting rooms and a special
Organization Room are open for use by all local Jewish organizations.
The Jewish Community Alliance’s goal is to enhance the sense of cohesiveness
within our Jewish community, and to foster a renewed dedication to the values of
American and Jewish democratic traditions. Its mission is to serve all Jews, of any age
or circumstance.
From all of us, may your year be blessed with good health, peace, prosperity and a
feeling of K’lal Yisrael.
Michael DeSanto, Donald W. Dody, Martin Edwards, Carol Freedman,
Harry Frisch, Mark Green, Edwin W. Held, Jr., Irene Jaffa, Barbara Jaffe,
Howard I. Korman, Dan Kossoff, William Rein, Lawrence Richter, Jewish Community Alliance
Kenneth Sekine, M.D., Leonard Setzer, Stephen J. Silverman, Roy J. 8505 San Jose Boulevard
Sloat, D.D.S., Phyllis Vandroff, Bruce Warschoff, Eugene Wolchok, Jacksonville, FL 32217
M.D., Dennis Wolfson, Richard Wolfson Tel. (904) 730-2100
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
195
