President’s Message
Everyone should be president of a synagogue for a day—not just any day, but on Shabbat
when there is a Bar Mitzvah. The perspective from a seat on the bimah is interesting and
thought-provoking. First, there are the usual distractions: the microphone is too loud, the air
conditioning is too low, the ark doors must be opened, etc., etc.
Attention turns to the family of the Bar Mitzvah. You can see they are nervous, excited
and so proud when their thirteen-year-old, who is now adult, does well. The parents Have
tried to make Judaism exciting and meaningful for their child by celebrating the holidays,
enrolling him in Hebrew school and having a wonderful Bar Mitzvah party. But as they place
the tallit upon his shoulders, a symbol of his responsibilities as an adult Jew, are the parents
really listening to the rabbi’s explanation of the significance of this moment? Do they realize
that this is a beginning, not an end, to the study of Torah and their child’s participation in
Jewish activities? Or, are they breathing a sigh of relief that all went well and they have
completed their responsibilities as Jewish parents?
I viewed this scenario and reflected ... I hope these parents will continue to provide for
their children a Jewish life after they become bar/bat mitzvah. I hope these parents will
make the continuation of Jewish education a priority for both their children and themselves.
I hope these children will always be comfortable in our sanctuary and that they will retain
the knowledge they have gained. I hope this special Shabbat will be a step toward a greater
understanding of their religion.
One Shabbat, come sit on the bimah with me . . .
In the New Year, may God bless us all, not with
what we want, but rather with what we need—
A sensitive heart
An open mind . . , , _,
A helping hand ÉSg ber election Marsha is
A friendly smile
An encouraging word
A caring act!
Marsha Pollock and Family
flanked by her father, Morris
Leibo and husband, Ronnie.
Merrill Lynch
... A Breed Apart
Serving all of your investment needs.
Charles M. Katz 121 West Forsyth Street
Financial Consultant Jacksonville, Florida 32202
904-634-6017
800-342-1519 FLWATS
800-874-8462 National WATS
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
15
