RIVER
GARDEN
Hebrew Home for the Aged
n
River Garden Hebrew Home River Garden Holding Company
Jack Price President
Lee Horovitz Chairperson,
Admissions Board
Martin Wolf Treasurer
Steve Meisel Assistant Treasurer
Judge Harvey Schlessinger Secretary
Martin Goetz, MS, MPA Administrator
Herman Paul.. ££***. President
Arthur Gutman Vice President
Peter Winterfiekl Secretary
Elliott Palevsky, MA Executive Director
The River Garden Hebrew Home . . .
Keeper of the “Fifth Commandment*'
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long ...”
This is the Fifth Commandment and the only one which has within it a very special reward. The
theme of respect for our forebears and intergenerational responsibility is central to the
organization of Jewish life.
It was this commandment which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home in 1946.
It was this commandment which nourished the love and care that over the years has made River
Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence in its field.
It is this commandment which underlies the tradition of meeting 100% of local Jewish
community needs and of serving rich and poor alike with excellence and caring. To be served all
you need do is call!
River Garden’s well established programs of short-term rehabilitative care and long-term
residential Care serve over 180 people on any given day. These programs are guided by a devoted,
professional full time staff of over 200. This staff includes physicians and beauticians, nurses and
artists, social workers and bakers, pharmacist and activities specialists, physical, occupational and
speech therapists, dieticians and musicians. In addition, scores of dedicated volunteers contribute
of themselves to help create a special caring community at Stockton Street and Riverside Avenue
on the St. Johns River.
When River Garden occupies its new campus towards the end of 1989 these programs will be
augmented by Out-Patient and Family Care Support Services helping to meet the needs of those
living in the larger community. There will also be a host of new residential choices on the campus
itself.
The new River Garden campus is on 32 rural acres in Mandarin, near the intersection of 1-295
and Old St. Augustine Road. The design of the centers for Long-Term Care and Short-Term
Rehabilitation recognizes that people with medical needs do not have to live in medical settings.
There will be religious, social and recreational areas: a chapel, a theatre; hobby shops and beauty
shops; a variety of dining and eating places; water walks and wooded walks; a medical services/
wellness center, and recreation courts. The new River Garden Home will be part of a larger
community which will include apartments and villas; a town center; a general store; a fitness center,
and a campus club.
Overall, River Garden is today and tomorrow a community where people live, love, and
care; a community of many life styles and of rich Jewish content, and a community which
every day strives to live up to the mandate of the Fifth Commandment.
c
o
M
M
U
N
I
T
Y
193
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
