Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 had an outstanding year. Under the sponsorship of the Jewish Center, this group of 7 through 10-year-old boys has
grown to number 43 active and motivated scouts. Smaller den meetings were held once a week either at the Center or in the den leader’s
home. Pack meetings with all the boys and their families were held once a month at the Center.
Cub Scouts aim high: at developing good character, spiritual growth, good citizenship, sportsmanship, comaraderie with other boys,
and a sense of personal achievement. Thanks to our extremely competent and caring den leaders (Sue Ann Blumenthal, completing her
fourth year, Laurie Farrington, Linda Schuster, Brenda Brown, and Gary Levine) the Cubs have earned many badges of achievement
while having fun. Trips to the museum, Marineland, UNF nature trails, television stations are but a few examples of the dens’ high interest
activities.
Led by Cubmaster Lanny Zimmerman, out pack meetings have been highly successful. The excitement of Pinewood Derby, speakers
from the Audobon Society, Fire and Rescue, and many more added to the delightful presentations of the dens. Scout Sabbath, our own
Friday evening service, was led by a parent, Sandy Kadish, and all of the scouts attending. A great time was had by all attending our
father-son campout preceeded by a family dinner and swim on the Center grounds. The highlight of our year was the Blue and Gold
Banquet with our special guest speaker, the Honorable Mayor Tommy Hazouri. How proud the boys and families were as he personally
presented them their awards and answered their questions.
Along with the den leaders, our success depended on the Pack Committee. Special thanks to Lanny Zimmerman, Anne DePaul, Steve
Albert, and Dana Garfinkel. Cub Scouts is based on adult support and involvement. Please call the Center office if you can help:
Happy Scouting,
Carole Goldberg
Pack Committee Chairman
Den 1 - Leader: Sue Ann Blumenthal
Den 4 - Leader: Brenda Brown
Den 2 - Leader: Linda Schuster
Webelos - Leader: Gary Levine
Den 3 - Leader: Laurie Farrington
Blue and Gold Banquet
185
