This Yearbook is Dedicated to the Memory of
Esther G. Fishier
The Jacksonville Jewish Center takes this occasion to dedicate this yearbook in memory of
ESTHER FISHLER, may her memory be for a blessing. For more than thirty-three years, Esther
was the guiding force for so many of the Center's fund-raising programs. She started in
Education and then was asked by Rabbi Tofield to become involved in the yearbook advertising.
Each yearbook was better than the last, because she set higher goals for every subsequent
yearbook. It was literally a 24-hour a day job for Esther. Even on her way home from work she
would stop by a potential advertiser. During her years as advertising editor, the yearbook
revenues increased 21/2 times. But to Esther it was not a job, but a labour of love.
It seems the telephone was invented for Esther Fishier," wrote Bob Gast, former
executive director in 1977," for in her 26 years at the Jewish Center she has probably set a world's
record for calling people." She called for volunteers for the minyan, sponsors for holiday flowers
and receptions, invitations, cash donations, raffle tickets, membership enrollment and, of
course, yearbook advertising. To each task she brought enthusiasm and unselfish dedication.
When Esther started something, she completed it.
She was a devoted volunteer of Center Sisterhood. As Membership Vice-President, she
had one of the largest new member enrollments. For years she co-chaired the card party. As
Donor co-chair she raised $7,000, the largest amount ever. This was what she truly enjoyed—
raising money for the Center.
"Anyone that knew Esther knew her love of life. She was a person who lived fully and
intensely...she was the epitome of energy," eulogized Rabbi Gaffney. She put that energy to good
use...for the betterment of her family, her synagogue, her friends. She met life's challenges with
dignity and optimism.
The Center Yearbook was like her baby. She nurtured it with her love, she gave it life with
her energy. Every year when we receive a yearbook, we will each share Esther’s legacy to the
congregation.
Isabel Balotin
Editor and Dear Friend
252
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
