On the surface Mazel Mania looks like just a fabulous social event, but it
is really much more. This casino game night is one of the Center’s best
volunteer efforts because it is a dramatic display of the active involvement
of more than 140 Center members and newcomers.
We thank everyone for contributing to the success of the evening and
extend special recognition to the coordinators, Carla Bernard and Isabel
Balotin, ably assisted by Ava Axelrod, Etta Drashin, Marilyn Garber, Zelda
Greenberg, George Levin, Pam Picray, Rena Schoenberg, Ina Taffet and
Kathie Wallach.
Mazel Mania Volunteers
Ed Alterman, Shelly Alterman, Gayle Bailys, Bruce Baurer, Brian Benwick, Judy Benwick, Sid Berkowitz, Ed Bernard, Abe Bielski,
Cheryl Blum, Fred Blum, Marlene Bossen, Ruchel Broadman, Stephen Broadman, Eloise Bono, Sandy Burman, Sherwin Burman,
Annette Bursteen, Bea Caplan, Marty Caplan, Allan Cohen, Amy Cohen, Kathy Cohen, Stuart Cohen, David Dorman, Janis Dorman,
Bob Drashin, Charlotte Fialkow, Bob Fleet, Janis Fleet, Joe Fraden, Matt Frankel, Susan Frankel, Arlene Friedman, Harold Garber,
Horty Gendzier, Sheldon Gendzier, Neil Gerber, Bernice Ghelerter, Irvin Ghelerter, A1 Goldberg, Alan Goldman, Allie Goldstein,
Arthur Goldstein, Rhoda Goldstein, Scott Goodfarb, Roz Goodman, Harold Greenberg, Chary Greenburg, Michael Greenberg,
Madeline Hecht, Stuart Hecht, Iris Hill, Joe Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Barbara Hunter, Leslie Karlin, Annetta Kornblum, Gene
Kornblum, Linda Kunsberg, Ralph Kunsberg, Pearl Levin, Phyllis Levin, Lillie Ray Levy, BeBe Marin, Alan Marks, Jo Marks, Debbie
McAleer, Sandy Mesh, Scott Mesh, Jeffrey Morris, Robin Morris, Leo Moskovitz, Hattie Newman, Peggy Organes, Anthony Penna,
Debra Penna, Harvey Pies, Rena Pies, Marsha Pollock, Ron Pollock, Andrea Portnoy, Michael Portnoy, Linda Press, Sol Proctor,
Arlene Rademan, Jerry Rademan, Tim Riley, Abe Rogozinski, Margie Rogozinski, Janie Sang, Barbara Schneider, Michael Schneider,
Gary Schoenberg, Rena Schoenberg, Beck Setzer, Sandy Shapiro, Harry Shmunes, Joni Shmunes, Ann Silke, Leon Silke, Jack
Silverman, Mollie Silverman, Blanche Slott, Sheree Spriggs, Tom Spriggs, Bill Starling, Erda Starling, Marty Steinberg, Randee
Steinberg, Dot Verstandig, Harry Verstandig, Bill Wallach, Cathy Wilensky, Libby Witten, Philip Yandel, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan
Yegelwel, Bruce Yergin, Cathy Yergin.
Center Awarded for SIMCHA 25
Last spring, the Jacksonville Jewish Center submitted an excellent
compilation of the very successful SIMCHA 25 program which was
held in January 1986. To our delight, SIMCHA 25 won the Solomon
Schechter Unique Program Award for its high standards of organiza¬
tion, implementation, effectiveness and creativity.
At the United Synagogue Convention in November, President
Gene Kornblum and Horty Gendzier proudly accepted the prestigious
award on behalf of the congregation. To be recognized by a national
organization as widely respected as United Synagogue was a thrilling
experience for Gene and Horty as it was for the Center delegates,
Rabbi and Mrs. Gaffney, Annetta Kornblum, Sheldon Gendzier and
Wendy and Joe Honigman.
SIMCHA 25 — OUR SEASON OF TORAH embraced three im¬
portant and closely related occasions of our congregation: The Silver
Anniversary of the Solomon Schechter Day School; the dedication of
a Sefer Torah; and the establishment of the Jacksonville Jewish Cen¬
ter Educational Trust Fund. Coordinated by Sheila Jacobson, this
event, so far, has been the most far reaching and enduring celebration
in the history of our synagogue.
We are proud to be recognized for our achievements, but we are
far more grateful for the continuous generosity of our congregation.
Once again, our appreciation to Sheila Jacobson, all the volunteer
workers and Center staff who made this event so successful. Our
thanks to Peggy Organes and Isabel Balotin for compiling the beauti¬
ful SIMCHA 25 award presentation.
\TjSt Iftni® o-©
SoComon ScftcdiUr^\\fcn£
GhtUnütb of America*
^At rr • 7* TM AHHIWUMtr COHVU>TIOM
UPON
Center'
Jaií***Á(U Als
In'fyxgnúún jf'flul.«tfíenc* AtUunai
Vurovyiits
Urnfvu (Prtjmm
>fov\*«&cr tT, i**7
f^Ainc^UL Laij,
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
39
