From the Executive Director
As the New Year approaches it is hard to believe a year has gone by. llene, Allison and I
settled into our new home and community and found Jacksonville to be everything we hoped it
would be and more. We have made many new friends and find ourselves actively involved in the
growth of the Jacksonville Jewish Community.
The past year has been a very busy one. We embarked on a dynamic building program that
involved much time coordinating activities to continue as usual throughout the project. Although
the building is not yet complete, the members of the Center have much to be proud of. We also
have much to look forward to. Our new synagogue/school campus will be one of the most dy¬
namic of its kind in the country.
With the help and support of our Sisterhood and Center Board of Directors, my recommenda¬
tion to install Desktop Publishing computers in our offices was accomplished. Although we are still
in the training stage with the system, you will begin to see the Bulletin and other graphics being
produced directly in our office. Desktop Publishing will give us the ability to be flexible and profes¬
sional with our Bulletin and other printed materials, while at the same time save the Center a
considerable sum of money.
As you know Blanche Slott retired this summer as Center Caterer.
An exhaustive search was made both in our area and across the nation to find the right and talented person to fill this
difficult role. We have recently found that person.
I am proud to welcome David Levin to the Center as Caterer/Food Service Director. David joins our staff with lifetime of
experiences in the food business. David has worked at the Golden Pheasant in Tallahassee and most recently at Epping Forest
here in Jacksonville. David comes to us at a very opportune time. Our kitchen is about to be opened following an extensive
renovation. The new meeting rooms being built will provide a perfect location for some of the smaller luncheons and dinners
which we have never had the proper setting at the Center. Help me in welcoming David, Gail, and his daughters, Rachel and
Claudia, to our Center family. We are truly at a new beginning.
Our building will be one of the most dynamic synagogue Centers in the country. It gives us, the professional staff the
opportunity to lead this congregation to greater heights. Our programs will always be centered around the learning of Torah and
life cycle events. We hope, with your participation, we can lead our congregation in new avenues. We look forward to reaching
our common goal.
My wife llene, and daughter Allison, join me in wishing you all a healthy and happy New Year.
L’Shana Tova Tikatavu.
Eric G. Reiter
Eric G. Reiter
DLE DUCKS
DISTINCTIVE CHILDRENS APPAREL
EUROPEAN & AMERICAN DESIGNS
Layette to Size 10
Owner
Sandy Bond
Manager
Jennifer Baldwin
Deerwood Village • 641-8877 • Mon - Sat 10-6
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
13
