A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
The True Essence of Jewish Time
Modernity, though capable of
measuring time with amazing precision, has
largely attenuated such measurement from
the world of human experience. We gauge
the passage of time by coldly mechanical
means: chronometers, the half-life of
elements, light years, atomic clocks.
Precision in time keeping has its
virtues, of course, but the sages of the
Talmud gave priority to other values in the
business of measuring time. Familiar though they were with
the mathematics of the Julian calendar, they opted to
embrace a far more cumbersome system of relying on
eyewitness testimony concerning the new moon’s
appearance. Upon the authentication of the witnesses’
report, the Sanhedrin in Jerusalem would declare that day
Rosh Hodesh. That we celebrate an extra day of Yom Tov
in the Diaspora as a hedge against calendrical uncertainty
is a vestige of the ancient system’s inexactitude.
Yet, ultimately, the rabbis deemed the human element
in fixing the passage of time to be of greater importance
than simple accuracy. Indeed, according to Midrash, when
the ministering angels assemble to inquire as to the
commencement of the Days of Awe, it is none other than
God who responds, “Is it Me you are asking? Let us both
inquire of the court below!” (Midrash Tehillim 81:6). If the
Almighty is the architect of Jewish time, then we are its
engineers—for it is our perception of time and the meaning
we assign it that sanctifies the minutes and hours of our
lives.
The wisdom of the Jewish approach is particularly
manifest when we consider the passage of our own lives.
A child, for instance, is bom at a precise moment of the
day; the time is duly noted on her birth certificate. Yet her
entrance into the world is given meaning not by the hour of
her delivery, but by the joy of those who
witness the miracle of her birth, and have
the privilege of watching her grow up.
A Bar Mitzvah boy ostensibly
becomes a Jewish adult when he is
thirteen and one day according to the
Hebrew calendar. Becoming an adult,
however, is an ongoing process that takes
years to achieve; it requires myriad
changes in the depth and breadth of one’s
perceptions. The threshold between child and adult is
not crossed in the space of a single sunrise or sunset.
Husband and wife are married at the conclusion of
a brief ceremony, yet it takes a lifetime together to forge
a true marriage, one in which there will be many defining
moments of couplehood, each as important as the first.
Even in death, beyond the precise moment that the
physician records the instant of our passing, there are
those who cease to live before their physical demise, as
well as individuals whose contributions live on even after
they die. The accuracy of knowing when something
happens is far less important than the value we assign to
the event itself.
The meaning of Jewish time applies no less to the
relationship between a rabbi and a congregation. Formally,
a rabbi becomes the spiritual leader of a particular
synagogue the day his contract indicates. Yet the most
significant defining moments of the relationship are elusive
of any specific date on the calendar. A rabbi becomes the
spiritual leader of a community through moments of
shared joy and sorrow . . .one family at a time. A
relationship is forged through the give-and-take of Torah
study and the hours spent together in prayer. Their
partnership is built upon an ever-deeper understanding
and acceptance of the human element in each. As these
interactions unfold over time, the worshippers in the pews
are transformed into the rabbi’s flock — congregants,
neighbors and friends. As for the fellow standing on the
bimah, he is no longer simply the rabbi, but has become
instead your rabbi.
I look forward to becoming your rabbi in the days
ahead. Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing
you a happy and healthy New Year. May 5765 usher in an
era of peace for Israel, America, and all humankind.
.mm nrDn raw rtw
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
