Professionals
Baal Tefilah
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
To be a shaliach tzibbur, the representative of
the community, is an awesome responsibility, and a
great honor.
It is my job, as Baal Tefilah, to be the voice of
the congregation, to bring all the prayers offered in
the synagogue into one cohesive whole.
To do so standing in the same place as my teacher,
Cantor Abraham Marton z”l, is a special priviledge. I
am very thankful for the opportunity to serve this
congregation where I grew up.
May the year to come bring joy and prosperity to
all of us, and may we see peace in Israel soon.
The Mahzor reads “...repentance, prayer and
tzedakah avert the unfavorable decree.” Indeed, one
of the main purposes of Jewish prayer is to inspire
repentance and tzedakah, or righteousness. By praying
and confessing as a community, in the first person plural,
we reaffirm the rabbinical dictum “All of Israel are
responsible for one another.”
Every year when the Temple was in existence,
the Kohen Gadol would pray on Yom Kippur for the
well being of all the People of Israel. My prayer for
the coming year is that it be one of health and prosperity
for us all, and a year of peace in the Land of Israel
and throughout the world.
From D’vorah, lian and myself, I’shanah tovah
tikkateivu ut’hateimu.
— Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
Torah is at the foundation of the Jewish people.
It records earliest history; it outlines fundamental laws;
it models significant values and standards of behavior;
it reflects basic truths about human nature; it opens us
to relationship with, and wonder of, the divine. Its
language is the portal to Jewish study, worship and
identity.
Torah study has been vital to Jews for centuries
precisely because it lends itself to search and discovery
by each new generation. The text is accessible on some
level to all individuals. The teacher is, therefore, wise
to act as a patient guide, allowing students to discover
for themselves the meanings and messages of the
Torah.
Our liturgy calls Torah a “tree of life.” Trees sway
to and fro in the wind, but they are firmly rooted in the
ground. Trees can shelter us from rain, satisfy our
senses with sweet fruit, delightful fragrance, rustling
leaves, and ever-changing beauty. Similarly, a
knowledge of Torah can root us firmly in Jewish
tradition and keep us from being blown about by the
changing currents of modem life. Torah study can
satisfy our need for beauty and poetry, a sense of
identity, relevance and meaning.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the
process that is Torah. Through their dedication and
devotion, we have achieved a high level of participation
in reading Torah. The commitment and encouragement
of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will
ensure that this quality standard will be maintained for
future generations to come. I would like to thank Ted
Gross for his many years of guidance and
encouragement as well as all of our teachers for their
continued support and cooperation and wish you all a
heartfelt.
Shanah Tovah,
Scott Zimmerman
9
