Administration
Executive Director’s Message
As its name implies, The
Jacksonville Jewish Center, strives
to be at the “center” of your Jewish
life.
Never before has a synagogue
community been as important to the
individual Jew as it is today. We live
in a world of increasing complexity
and uncertainty, with great spiritual
and educational challenges.
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Family Education Program, as well
as to our Purim and Hanukkah
celebrations. Enjoy the camaraderie
of the Men’s Club and the warm
companionship of Sisterhood. Join
the Bikkur Cholim committee and
help uplift those who have taken ill.
Not only can the Center touch
your life, but by your participation,
you will touch the lives of others in
the best sense of our tradition.
Given that backdrop, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s mission is to be a place that supports its
congregants with love and compassion, provides a
safe haven for our children and addresses the
profound spiritual yearnings of its members.
As we begin the New Year 5765 we do so
with great hope anticipation. We say Baruchim
haBayim to Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner and Dr. Judy
Stoner and their families.
There are so many opportunities for the
Center to touch your life. This year, attend Shabbat
services, a daily minyan and enroll in an adult
education program. Enjoy a festival dinner in the
Goldman Sukkah or the Congregational Seder.
Consider sponsoring a kiddush, a Center Bulletin
or a shalosh seudot to mark a special occasion.
Coach a team in our Youth Basketball League or
call the office to volunteer one afternoon a week.
You can have fun and support Jewish education
by playing in the JJC Golf Classic and/or buying a
raffle ticket. Enrich your Jewish soul by attending
the Safer Shabbaton and Setzer-Levit Lecture
series. Bring your children to the Setzer-Levit
During the course of the coming year, we will
also have an opportunity to say thank you to Willard
Kennedy, who will be retiring as the principal of
our Solomon Schechter Day School after more than
22 years. Mr. Kennedy’s vision has guided the
school to its lofty status, and it is more than fitting
that we will be dedicating this year’s Raffle For
Education in his honor.
Edith, Sam, Max and I wish you a New Year
of happiness, health and peace.
— Bruce Horovitz
11
