President’s Message
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is
alive and well. During the past year,
additional improvements have been made
to our great facilities. Some were
cosmetic, but many were necessary in order
to maintain a safe and comfortable building
to house all of our programs. Since 9/11
we have been forced to upgrade our
security and to make physical changes that
will also enhance security. I want to also
thank our immediate Past President, Philip
Bloom for his great leadership and
overseeing the many improvements to our
facilities.
The Center is fortunate to now have two new excellent
professionals to lead our programs and provide for our
religious needs. Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner has assumed the
position of Head Rabbi and will be a tremendous asset to
our congregation. Please make yourself known to Rabbi
Lubliner and also introduce yourself to his wife, Susan,
and their lovely children.
Dr. Judy Stoner has also joined our congregation as
our Director of Education. She is responsible for all of
the education programs at the Center and she brings many
years of experience and Jewish knowledge to our
congregation. Please introduce yourself to Judy. Even if
you do not have children in any of our schools, you will
appreciate knowing Judy and her ability to lead all of our
educational programs.
Our congregation is now poised to move forward
with new and exciting programs. We will also maintain
our current programs and make improvements where
necessary. We need the support of our entire congregation,
and by support, we need both financial and congregational
participation. We need to make sure that the proper funds
are made available for our programs and that we spend
these funds wisely. We also need to participate and attend
events at our congregation such as Shabbaton, Performing
Artists Series, Setzer-Levitt Lecture, and Adult Education
Programs.
Membership is the life blood of our congregation.
Every member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is on the
Membership Committee and we all need to help sign up
new members. Please do your part and talk up the benefits
and the advantages of being a member of our congregation.
If you have any questions, please contact our Executive
Director, Bruce Horovitz, or me and we will be able to
arrange meetings with prospective new members.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has
daily minyans or Shabbat and Festival
Services every day of the year. This has
also been a great asset when talking to some
new members. It is very important that
we continue these daily minyans and we
need your assistance in attending minyans
periodically so that those persons saying
Kaddish for a departed loved one will have
the opportunity to do so with a minyan.
The High Holidays are a time for
reflection over the past year and a time to
decide what you can and will do for the
New Year. Thank you to everyone who
supported the Center and the programs at the Center this
past year. Please put the Jacksonville Jewish Center in
your plans for this year and the future and we will be even
more successful.
On a personal note, my year has been filled with
many high points including my engagement and marriage
to Nancy. I have also achieved the ultimate position at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and I appreciate your
confidence in selecting me for this position. I have been a
member of this congregation since birth and I always had
strong feelings and worked hard to help make the Center a
great congregation. I appreciate the support of my family
and friends and I know that I can continue to count on
them. I also need your support to accomplish the best for
our congregation. I want to give a special thanks to my
loving wife Nancy for being so supportive of me and urging
me to accept the Presidency. Nancy and my Mother of
Blessed Memory kept telling me that now was the time to
further serve the Center. Best wishes for a healthy and
happy new year from Nancy and me.
L’Shana Tova,
Seeman Zimmerman
Seeman Zimmerman
President
13
