A Message from the Chairman of the Board
As I look at the state of at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, l am happy to
report that it is good. The energy level at
the Center is high and we have the right
team of professionals and leaders in place.
Our congregation is vibrant and the future
of our synagogue is in good hands. Our
new rabbi, Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, and
our new Director of Education, Dr. Judy
Stoner, are ready to take the Jacksonville
Jewish Center to the next level. In the short
time that I have worked with them I have
been impressed with their professionalism and their
commitment to Jewish education and Jewish values.
I also welcome our new president, Seeman
Zimmerman. Seeman’s lifetime commitment and
involvement with the Jacksonville Jewish Center brings
a historical perspective and deep understanding of the
Center that will help Rabbi Lubliner and Dr. Stoner in
their transition year and will keep the Center on our path
towards excellence.
Our Solomon Schechter Day School continues to
provide an excellent Jewish education from kindergarten
through eighth grade. Our Early Childhood Department
provides all of the needs for teaching and caring for our
youngest children. Our Religious School was recently
recognized as a “Framework of Excellence” school by
United Synagogue for meeting rigorous standards in
religious and family education, programming and
curriculum.
Center Men’s Club and Sisterhood
continue to be recognized on a regional
and national level for the many
outstanding programs they create and
support. Our youth groups are active and
their members participate in great
numbers in Camp Ramah, USY on
Wheels and USY Israel Pilgrimage.
Lifecycle events occur weekly at
our synagogue. Most are happy, but
some are sad. Our professional and
caring staff and volunteers do a wonderful job of meeting
the needs of the congregation. Our beautiful and spacious
campus contains a campground, several schools and a
building that is truly multi-functional. Margo’s Catering,
our in-house kosher caterers, prepare dinners, school and
camp meals, and delicious Kiddush pastries.
With so many good things in place, it is imperative
that we maintain our ability to fund the many programs
that are offered. For the past year leadership has worked
on identifying the short and long term financial needs of
the Center and a plan to fund these needs. As a
Congregation, it is vital that every member participate in
these long-term commitments to the financial security of
our synagogue.
In closing, I would like to recognize the outstanding
efforts and dedication of Mr. Willard Kennedy, who will
be retiring at the end of this school year after twenty-
two years as Principal of our Solomon Schechter Day
School. We wish him all the best and extend a hearty
yasher koach on a job well done.
Philip Bloom
Chairman of the Board
On behalf of my wife, Linda, and our children,
Lauren and Sasha, and from all of us at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, L’Shanah Tovah.
— Philip Bloom
17
