Organizations
Center Choral Society
For over 56 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical
music. Over the years, they have given numerous concerts
featuring members of the choir, as well as nationally acclaimed
soloists. Many of the current members have been singing with this
group for twenty years or more. New members are always
welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733-6979.
2004-2005 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Margaret Fleet, Lois Gosa,
Debby Kaye, Stevie Levine, Karen Morse, Judy Geller
Nevel, David Organes, Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes,
David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Anita
Solomon, Steve Solomon and Rebecca Zapen.
Jewish Singles
The Jacksonville Jewish Center continues to provide
programming for Jewish singles of the community with some
funding from the Jewish Federation. No synagogue affiliation is
necessary, nor are there any dues to be a part of either group.
With the help of Arlene Farrachio and her fine committee, a
45-65 age group has begun again during the past year. Rhoda
Goldstein continues programming and planning for the “20 to 40
Something” group. Programs vary from group to group and each
provides something for everyone. The groups’ activities range
from dinner and happy hours to hikes and plays. Members are
sent schedules, called and emailed about activities, and calendars
are on the Federation’s web site.
To be added to either list, you can call Rhoda at the Center
office, at 292-1000, or email at rhodagoldstein@hotmail.com.
Reach-To-The-Beach
Reach-To-The-Beach
enjoyed its second full year of
providing Jewish culural,
educational and social
programs for Center
members who reside at the
Jacksonville Beaches and other areas outside
of the core synagogue community.
Under the leadership of Carolyn Zisser
and members of the Steering Committee, many
successful events were implemented. Study
sessions with the Rabbi, a Shabbat dinner,
Hanukkah program, and other activities were
enjoyed by a group of participants.
The highlight of the year was a Havdalah
service lead by Rabbi Kentof, followed by
his sharing of heartwarming stories. It was the
largest turnout ever involving young people as
well as adult members.
More and varied programs are in the
works for the coming year. We enthusiastically
invite your participation in planning or just
attending an event. We welcome new and
returning members.
For more information, please call Dereen
Murray, at the synagogue, at 268-4200, ext.
115 or e-mail her at dereen@bellsouth.net. You
may also call Carolyn Zisser, in the evening,
at 246-6684 or e-mail her at zisserlegal.com.
19
