Organizations
Center Sisterhood
Shalom,
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood is a wonderful
group to invest your heart, energy, and time in. Our Sisterhood
provides many opportunities for you to grow as a concerned
Jewish woman. We have wonderful educational programming
including Sisterhood Shabbat, Women’s Minyan, Sisterhood
Seminars, and Book Reviews.
BBI
Joanne Rosenberg
President
We are very proud of our newly remodeled Judaica Shop,
one of our main fundraisers. You will be pleased with the wide
selection of Judaic books, art, religious articles, jewelry, and
interesting objects we have available for you. We are able to special order merchandise
for Bar and Bat Mitzvahs, weddings and births. Our volunteer staff is always looking for
more members. Please call Etta Fialkow if you have a few hours to donate. It is another
great way to make new friends.
Our fundraising projects, including Hamantaschen baking and sales, New Years
Cards, New Years Flowers, Leagrams, Nachas Tax, Donor and much more, support our
synagogue’s Building Fund, Education and Youth Departments, summer camp and summer
college travel scholarships. This year we were able to donate a gazebo to the Preschool
Playground and shelving for the Henry Kramer Library.
The Women’s League Torah Fund Campaign supports and enhances The Jewish
Theological Seminary of America, the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies, and the
Schechter Institute for Jewish Studies, which provide Jews worldwide with the opportunity
to study and learn. Benefactors receive a beautiful pin in appreciation of their generous
contribution. This year the Torah Fund Pin is “Tikvah-Hope,” designed by Eytan Brandes.
We were pleased to honor Shirley Bielski as the recipient of the Horty T. Gendzier Award
at our annual Torah Fund Luncheon, last March.
Membership in Sisterhood continues to grow. Our luncheon meetings are well
attended and provide a wide range of interesting and entertaining programs. Sisterhood
has something to offer women of all ages.
— 2004-2005 Officers —
President
Joanne Rosenberg
Education VP
Meryl Rittenberg
Membership VP
Robin Allerdlng
Ways & Means VP
Lita Poehlman
Program VP
Karen Morse
Torah Fund VP
Robin Shorstein
Youth VP
Debbie Banks
Treasurer
Ellen Rosner
Financial Secretary
Missy Frisch
Recording Secretary
Sue Levine
Corresponding See.
Peggy Organes
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Nominating Committee
Jeanine Rogozinski
Our synagogue and Sisterhood was host to the installation of our very own Phyllis
Goldberg as Florida Branch President of Women’s League. It was a beautiful event attended
by Center leaders and congregants, as well as delegates to the Women’s League Spring
Conference. The Setzer Social Hall made an impressive
backdrop for this wonderful event coordinated by Past
President Jeanine Rogozinski.
I look forward to working with a talented group of
officers, committee chairs and members, as well as wonderful
Past Presidents, who are always willing to give advice and
lend a helping hand.
I would like to wish all of you, L’ Shanah Tovah on
behalf of my husband, Sandy, and daughters, Lindsay,
Whitney, and Jillian.
— Joanne Rosenberg
Joanne’s family shared her nachas at the
Installation of Officer’s Luncheon
21
