Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Greeting people at services with a friendly “Shabbat
Shalom” is a good way to introduce yourself to people and
make newcomers and visitors feel
welcome. We thank Martha Savage for
her many years of dedication to the
Center and to all of the people who
volunteered to greet over the past year.
Thank you to those who were
greeters last year: Stephanie & Allan
Andrew, Caren & Larry Appel, Karen
Appelbaum, Joanne Arinsberg, Carla
& Larry Bernard, Billie & Michael
Bernhardt, Ruchel Broadman, Sharon & Joel Cohen, Robin
DeCrispino, Stacy & David Epstein, Debby Fialkow, Beth
& Michael Fleet, Kim & Kevin Gartner, Svetlana & Yakov
Goldiner, Diane & Allen Gray, Cindy & Bob Handmaker,
Debby & Alan Harris, DiDi & Howard Jarchower, Dodi,
Jordan & Madison Kress, Sue & Mitch Levine, Sue Ann
Blumenthal & Bernie Lipshitz, Kim & Jeremy Millrood,
Betsy & Dennis Mizrahi, Susan & Jeffrey Neadle, Lita &
Ron Poehlman, Shelli & Robert Richter, Joanne & Sandy
Rosenberg, Barbara & Eliot Safer, Dayan & Jeff Sandler,
Martha Savage, Sharon & Jerry Seebol, Mary & Leonard
Selber, Jennie & Marc Selevan, Fran & Russell Selevan,
Missy & Julius Shapiro, Blanche Slott, Rori & Barry
Stevens, Cathy & Dan Wilensky, Cindy & Dan Wohl, Elsie
Yellin.
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten men. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
We thank those who served as minyan captains during
the past year: Jack Bettman, Robert Handmaker, Jack
Mizrahi, Fred Kupperman, David Schmerer, Russell Selevan,
Jack Silverman, Edward Taimen, Evan Yegelwel, David Zavon,
Sandy Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish when
you mourn or observe yahrzeit. We owe the captains not only
our thanks, but also our participation, in order to continue
providing a minyan for each service.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a
week. Call Marco Rand, Religious Committee Chair, at
737-9761.
Religious Committee
Marco Rand, Chairman
As our congregation celebrates the New Year together,
we are looking forward to the start of many years of growth
and learning with Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner. The Religious
Committee is excited to be in the position of helping Rabbi
Lubliner in his move to Jacksonville to become the spiritual
leader of our synagogue. Acting in concert with the Rabbi, it
is the job of this committee to see to it that the rituals of the
synagogue continue to conform to the strong traditions of
our congregation and to the highest standards of the
Conservative movement.
Thanks to the hard work of our Minyan Captains and
regular attendees, the Religious Committee helps to ensure
that the Jacksonville Jewish Center provides a minyan twice a
day for our congregants. The responsibility of making sure
that services run smoothly is a task that usually goes
unheralded. It should be noted, however, that under Bob
Bossen’s leadership, our cadre of Gabbaim continues to
expand. In addition, Edward Taimen has once again taken on
the enormous task of chairing the subcommittee that
coordinates High Holiday honors.
Our committee is looking forward to working with the
congregation and our new Rabbi as we face the many potential
challenges and changes that are ahead of us.
Religious Committee members in 2003-2004 were: Neil
Abramson, Larry Appel, Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Jack Bettman,
Abe Bielski, Daniel Blankstein, Fred Blum, Robert Bossen,
Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis Fleet, Sheldon
Gendzier, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Robert Handmaker,
Wendy Honigman, Joseph Honigman, Norman Kleiman, Iris
Kraemer, Mark Kraemer, Fred Kupperman, Mitchell Levine,
Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, Marco Rand, David Schmerer,
Leonard Selber, Joseph Shacter, Mark Shorstein, Karen
Southall, Edward Taimen, Dan Wohl.
— Marco Rand
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and Festivals,
friendly volunteer members serve as ambassadors to Center
congregants by helping with seating, guiding and acknowledging
newcomers, and welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers help to
maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves the beauty of the
service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were our ushers
throughout the year: Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbaum, Scott
Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris, Carl Passen,
Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman, Abe Rogozinski, Sandy
Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David Schmerer,
Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Randall
Smith, Steve Solomon and Tom Spriggs.
25
