Committees
Membership
A series of “Special Sunday”
programs began in September with a
High Holiday workshop. Those in
attendance learned holiday table
decorating tips like the fine art of
napkin folding. There were children’s
crafts and a most delicious treasure
of our heritage.. .challahbaking with
our own Stella Finck.
The year began with a New Member Social,
eld in August at the beautiful home of Etta
Fialkow.
New and
prospective
members
had an
opportunity to get
acquainted with each
other and longstanding
congregants.
The Membership Committee joined with the
Center Religious School, Men’s Club and Youth
groups for a Sukkah building party in October.
There were lots of arts and crafts, music and
munchies. We even learned the proper way to
“shake your lulav.”
Hanukkah was doubly fun this year with
two wonderful activities. Back by popular demand, the
Hanukkah Arts & Crafts Bazaar was a huge success. Once
again, Rhoda Goldstein brought in a great group of crafters.
No one went away empty-handed - or hungry. We ate lotsa
latkes, provided by Margo’s Catering. Thanks go to those
who made this event so successful. Look for another exciting
fair this year.
Karen Morse,
Membership Chair
It’s hard to believe that another year has
te and gone. And what a year it was! Our
dworking Membership Committee presented a
ie variety of activities and programs that were
joyed by young and old.
In October we held a New Members Shabbat
to welcome those who had recently joined our
congregation. We are pleased that so many of
them have become active in our synagogue life
and now consider themselves “old-timers.”
On the third night of Hanukkah, our Menorah-lighting,
Movie & Munch was packed-out. Young and old enjoyed a
bagel nosh while watching the animated movie, “Finding
Nemo.” Everyone asked that we do it again, so we held a
summertime Dinner & A Movie, in July.
The Center was overflowing with families at our Purim
“Extrava-ganza Megillah.” In addition to traditional Megillah
readings, the Religious School held a lively, inter-active
Megillah and costume parade led by Edith Horovitz & Scott
Zimmerman, followed by “Shushan Olympics” led by Rabbi
Dov Kentof. The open-air “Persian Camivale” under the
portico featured
crafters, carnival games,
pony rides carnival and
craft fair. Thanks to
Jackie Goldman for
arranging three
fantastic “moonwalk”
activities. Of course, our
Men’s Club cooks
served up great hot
dogs and hamburgers. Thanks go to Peggy Organes for
organizing this wonderful congregational celebration.
Rounding out the Holiday year, Mare Leventhal gave
his comedic view of “Things you never knew about Pesach”
workshop.
This fall promises lots of excitement. Be a part of it.
L’ Shanah Tovah to all of our Jacksonville Jewish Center
family.
— Karen Morse
27
