Special Events
2004 Center Raffle for Education
“Purim with Pizzazz -
Education and all that
Jazz” was indeed a jazzy
celebration befitting the eive
of this* colorful festival The
Center was jumpin’ with non-stop
entertainment, fabulous food and dessert presentations,
dazzling decorations and a wonderful raffle program attended
by nearly 500 people.
6Dvafcfi ^
‘■'M§
The evening, dedicated to fun arid fund-raising, was a major success due to the many Benefactors, Patrons
and ticket purchasers who sa generously -supported it. Anear record-breaking total was raised to benefit the
Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs that provide enhancements to all Center school programs.
Honorary chairs of the 2004 Raffle for Education,Sheila Jacobson, Linda
DuBow and Alan Gordon, were the pioneers of'this annual event and were
recognized for their insight and dedication in creating this major Center fundraiser.
As a token of appreciation, each received a beautiful, Gary Rosenthal grogger,
appropriately mounted and inscribed.
Honorary chairs, Alan Gordon
and Linda DuBow
With the help of our ever-ready and funny emcee, Laurie DuBow, the
presentations and ticket-pulling were very entertaining. The
lucky winners of the grand prize of $10,000were Sandra &
Martín Weiss. Winners of the round trip ticket for 2 on Air
Tran were Polina Koropova & Yefim Brunfon. Two $500
prizes went to Mitch & Sue Levine and Michael & Sam Levin. A Jaguar Party for 10
people was won by Robyn & Wayne Waring, and
the weekend at Ponte Vedra will be enjoyed by Carla
& Larry Bernard. Many other prizes were
awarded, and everyone went home a winner with a
Laune DuBow shalach manot bag and memories of a wonderful event.
Throughout the evening, raffle-goers enjoya! jazz provided by the UNF
Jazz Group and the P.M. Experience, singers from Bravo Restorante, mime
performances by students from the LaVilla School of the Arts Drama
Department and an amazing magician.
Grand prize winners,
Sandra & Martin Weiss
Kudos to: the students of the Etgar class and their teachers, Judy
Reppert and Scott Zimmerman, who created fabulous Purim masks that hung throughout the building; the
Solomon Schechter Day School art classes and teacher, Crista Blain-Coffing, who decorated glass vases
for the table; Allen Ruby, whose professional flair made the ambience sensational; Margo’s Catering, for an
outstanding presentation of delectables and desserts; Richard Ford and his staff, Inez Achord, Lori Schoettler
and other members of the administrative staff for their support.
33
