Special Events
2004 PERÍORMiNq Artíst Seríes
\ V Once again, the Performing Artist Series offered a well-rounded trio of programs. Joan
Waitz, PAS chair, and her committee selected high quality entertainers who captured the spirit of
Jewish culture.
The Series is sponsored in part by Mr. & Mrs. Milton Berman in memory of their sons,
David Randy Berman and Alan Berman, and performances are made possible through the generosity
of other patrons and sponsors.
Beth Schafer was a delightful season opener.
This Florida girl swept the audience into her world
of joy, ruach and song. Beth’s easygoing voice,
engaging smile and spectacular guitar playing held
listeners spellbound. She brought new energy to
beloved liturgy through folk, blues, jazz and rock
melodies.
It was a concert that left families musically
and spiritually uplifted.
BetIi Sc^aFer
Singer - Songwriter - Producer
Sui\dAy, MarcN 14, 2004
Douq CotLer
Musical Humorist
Doug Cotier is a Grammy Award winning singer, songwriter and musician.
From a cantorial family, he used his strong, sensitive voice to capture liturgical
melodies and place them squarely in contemporary songs familiar to everyone.
SuNdAy, ApRil 25, 2004
Doug is also a mensch. He shared his experiences and songwriting
inspirations with the audience like an old friend who had come to visit.
Best of all is his quirky, distinctly Jewish, sense of humor. Babyboomers, like
himself, loved Doug’s parodies of rock ‘n roll tunes like: Help Me Rabbi, Wastin’
Away in Manischevitzville, Be True to Your Shul and Afikomen ‘Round the
Mountain. We all could relate to the clever lyrics about Jewish heroes, holidays
and familiar social situations.
Visions
In Concert with the Solomon Schechter Day School Choir
SuNdAy, MAy 16, 2004
Back by popular demand, Visions, the singing sensation from
Orlando, thrilled us again with their high energy performance. A morning
format, a departure from the usual evening schedule, allowed children
to enjoy the concert with their families. The packed audience was truly
inspired by Visions amazingly rich harmonies and youthful exuberance.
Accompanied by the Solomon Schechter Day School Choir, these
talented college girls really connected with young and old alike. They
sang, they danced, they were fantastic.
37
