Committees
Adult Education
Etta Fialkow, chair
There were many opportunities for adults to study
this year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Sunday mornings, Rabbi Grundfast taught lessons
from the Talmud, using the book Swimming in the Sea
of Talmud as his basic text, and he provided other
materials to enhance the lessons. Joanne Arinsberg
and Etta Fialkow taught basic Hebrew literacy.
A new Adult B’nai Mitzvah Class met every
Monday evening and was well attended by twenty of
our adult members. At the end of this year, the entire
group joined together for Shabbat dinner.
The second annual Setzer-
Levit Family Program featured
Dr. Ellen Frankel, Editor-in-
Chief and CEO of the Jewish
Publication Society, as well as
noted author and lecturer, gave
two presentations on Saturday,
January 10. After speaking at
Shabbat services, Dr. Frankel led
an interactive workshop for
parents and children after lunch on “Jewish symbols.”
Andy Raitt was the chairwoman for this program.
Or Hadash and Nosh took place on Wednesday
mornings following Shacharit. Minyan captain Sandy
Zimmerman provided bagels for the nosh and Rabbi
Grundfast taught about various aspects of Jewish liturgy
found in synagogue services. The new prayerbook
commentary, Or Hadash, was provided by Phyllis
Goldberg and family in memory of her mother, Dorothy
Chamison.
Sisterhood Seminars continued to provide
stimulating discussions on a topic of interest to Jewish
women, monthly on Wednesday mornings. On the second
Wednesday of the month, Rabbi Grundfast offered
Judaism, Torah and Biblical-Lore at a Lunch and Learn
in Rick Plotkin’s law office. The subject matter this
year was “Business Ethics from a Jewish Perspective.”
The evening of January 27,
the annual Setzer-Levit
Memorial Lecture featured
Rabbi Gerald I. Wolpe. His
topic, “How Many Clones Make
a Minyan?” kept everyone
spellbound. Phyllis Goldberg
chaired this wonderful evening.
The annual Safer
Shabbaton Weekend was held
February 27-29 and the scholar-
in-residence speaker was Rabbi
Robert A. Harris, Assistant
Professor of Bible at the Jewish
Theological Seminary. Rabbi
Harris’ warm and witty speaking
style made us smile as we learned
about reading the Jewish Bible. A lovely patrons’ event
was held at the home of Barbara Parker on Saturday
evening. Lita Poehlman chaired the entire weekend
In January and February, the Center’s Adult
Education Committee offered six weeks of study for two
hours each Tuesday night. In the first hour. Rabbi Joseph
Hirsch picked up where he left off last year with a Survey
of Jewish History. Marc Leventhal taught about the
Prophets, the
Heroes of a
Millennium,
and discussed
their universal
and timeless
messages and
their historical
importance.
Lorrain Federman began an Ulpan, a conversational
Hebrew class that continued into the summer.
The second hour classes were varied. Dr. Joe
Honigman explored “What Makes this Joke Jewish”?
Bruce Horovitz, Scott Zimmerman, and John
Anderson held a hootenanny-style sing-a-long. Isabel
Balotin and Ron Elinoff shared their experiences
“Growing up in the Catskill Mountains” that educated
some, and brought back fond memories for the others.
Moti Demri discussed Israeli Current Events with many
interested members.
Peter Stein, shared his experiences as a rabbinical
student at the Jewish Theological Seminary during
Seminary & Men’s Club Shabbat in March.
We are grateful to Moti and
Cindy Demri for bringing Matty
Cohen, Israeli Deputy Counsul
General in Maimi, to speak during
Shabbat services about the real
situation in the Middle East.
— Etta Fialkow
29
