Special Events
JTS Shin Award Dinner Honored Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Edith Horovitz has been a dedicated Judaica teacher
at the Solomon Schechter Day School for the past 23
years. She developed the Mitzvah Program that has given
hundreds of students early hands-on experience with tikkun
olam in the Jewish and general communities both locally
and state-wide.
Bruce Horovitz’s passion for the Jacksonville Jewish
Center became his profession when he was named
Executive Director of the synagogue in 1996. He is a former
Center Vice President, and served in a variety of leadership
positions over the past 25 years. Bruce was honored as
the Hatan Torah of 5762, for his commitment to the
congregation.
Rabbi Berkowitz (far leftjand Rabbi Davidson (far right)
proudly pose with our honorees.
Over 500 friends, family members, congregants and
collegues gathered to show their esteem for Edith and Bruce
Horovitz, whose leadership is a beacon to the future
success of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
was proud to host the Jewish
Theological Seminary dinner on
Tuesday, May 11, that honored Bruce
and Edith Horovitz as they were
presented with the prestigeous Shin
Award.
Throughout their lives, Bruce and
Edith have immersed themselves in
Jewish life, devoting themselves to a Bruce and Edith Horovitz
variety of Jewish causes. The Shin
Award honors them for demonstrating
their commitment to Judaism and Jewish law through
service to their community, synagogue and the Jewish
Theological Seminary.
The key note speaker, Rabbi
Carol Davidson, Vice Chancellor for
Institutional Advancement at JTS, gave
insights into her own path to JTS and
her deep appreciation of the many
facets of the seminary.
Rabbi Matthew Berkowitz,
JTS guest scholar in Jacksonville and
friend to the Center, spoke of his
personal admiration for Bruce, Edith
and our congregation.
Michael & Helen DuBow (below far left) and Beth
& Mark Shorstein (below far right), committee chairs,
presided over the evening, which included cocktails and a
lavish dinner by Margo’s Catering. They spoke glowingly
of the honorees, revealing personal glimpses into their
longstanding friendships with Bruce and Edith. We thank
the entire committee for a warm and inspiring program.
39
