Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a
right on 43rd Street and the entrance is at
the next right, which is Liberty Street.
As they have done for the past
several years, middle school students of the
Solomon Schechter Day School learned,
through the Mitzvah Program, about the
respectful care of the dead, including tending
of burial sites. On a visit to the Old
Cemetery, they discovered that several
family plots no longer had loved ones to maintain them. The students rolled up
their sleeves and, with great care and respect, cleaned the neglected headstones
of a family that been laid to rest more than 50 years ago. We are proud and
grateful to these children for performing an important mitzvah.
Future plans for the cemetery include improvements to the entrances, as
well as additional landscaping. Contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman
Students from Solomon Schechter Day
School’s Mitzvah Program cleaned
unattended headstones.
Officers 2004-2005
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President
Fred Kupperman
Vice President/Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah Committee Chairs
Sally Becker
Ava Axelrod
Ilse Gottlieb
Hevra Kaddisha
The principles governing the care of the deceased, immediately after death,
are some of the most sacred to the Jewish people.
Judaism demands respect and dignity for the total of man — his body and
his soul. It is the responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha to provide both for the
deceased.
In existence for over 1,600 years, the burial society is one of the first
organizations established when a new Jewish community is formed.There are
few mitzvot in Judaism more important than preparing the dead for burial. The
ultimate acts of kindness performed by members of this holy fellowship are
unique, for they are done without the expectation of repayment.
Jacksonville is fortunate to have a Hevra Kaddisha that is celebrating 30
years of service to the Jewish community. We offer this unique support, 24
hours a day, with commitment and dedication, regardless of an individual’s
financial means. Feel free to call any of our officers with questions or for help.
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
65
