— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
Message from the Director
Through the years, many
Kindergarten teachers have remarked that
children coming from the Jacksonville
Jewish Center Preschool are extremely well
prepared for Kindergarten. We know that
this is one of the highest compliments that
our educational peers can pay us.
Young children enter our Preschool at
many different stages of physical, emotional
and cognitive development. Our job as
educators is to provide a program that is
based on the developmental needs of each
individual child. Our skilled staff, with their many years
of early childhood experience, are enthusiastic about the
opportunity of working with children at a stage in which
they are rapidly developing language and cognitive skills.
Our outstanding professionals have created a nurturing
and encouraging classroom environment. It is one in which
children are free to explore learning experiences and
develop creative thinking and problem solving skills. This,
along with a curriculum that includes reading and math
readiness skills, music, art, physical education, computers
and Judaica, provides all the opportunities we know will
aid in their physical, emotional and intellectual growth.
We are proud that they are ready to meet the challenges
that their future education holds for them.
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
The first phase of the Helene &
Daniel Pollan Playground will be
completed this year. This Early Childhood
facility will provide our children with hours
of fun on brand-new, state-of-the-art
equipment. We are thankful to all the
wonderful families who have helped, and
will continue to help, make our dream
playground become a reality.
Janet Husney, our capable and
experienced Extended Day Coordinator,
and her terrific staff will be returning this
year. They have continued to organize and expand the
activities available for our extended day students. Our
new monthly calendar and exciting Giant Steps Program
provide stimulating opportunities for full and part-time
care, to all our families.
This year will bring many new and exciting changes.
I look forward to working with Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Dr. Judy Stoner as they share their extensive
knowledge and experiences with us.
I am confident that this will be another successful
year — one filled with opportunities to provide our
precious young children with the best educational
foundation possible.
— Dale Schemer
Janet Husney
Extended Day Coordinator
Dale Schemer
Director
83
