— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Solomon Schechter Day School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
Message from the Principal
In August 1961, the Jacksonville Jewish Center opened the
Solomon Schechter Day School — first known as the Foundation
School — and I walked into my first classroom in the Georgia Public
School System. Neither of these entities envisioned that twenty-two
years later their paths would become one.
I am grateful for the opportunity to have served this wonderful
school community for the past twenty-two years and to have been a
part of Solomon Schechter growth throughout this period. I thank the
past eleven presidents and chairpeople of the Educational Committee,
five executive directors, two rabbis and eleven PTA presidents for the
wonderful cooperation and assistance in reaching our mutual goal of a
“school of excellence” for Jewish education. Each of these individuals
has contributed their unique talents to the development of the school
in many ways. I give great credit to the foundation laid by former
principals of the school, Mr. Ted Gross and Mrs. Marilyn Sandler.
The past years have been particularly rewarding for the success that made our shared dreams a
reality. Our school, fully accredited by the Florida Council of Independent School and the Solomon
Schechter Day School Association, is one recognized by the community as a school of high academic
standings, as our many graduates testify to by their achievements.
I have tried to embrace the commitment to tradition and family
atmosphere, while moving the institution forward to an expanded and
competitive academic environment, as well as provide the youth of the
community an integrated curriculum of Judaic experiences, Hebrew
language and general studies — all aimed at creating informed, intelligent
American Jews, cognizant of their history and heritage and proud of their
tradition and values.
I am fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with a very
dedicated faculty and staff throughout my years at Solomon Schechter. I
have seen their commitment to excellence in every aspect of teaching and
of school operations. The success of the school is built on their collective
efforts as well.
Looking back is always a treat, but now the school looks ahead and
prepares for the challenges of tomorrow. My heart is with them and I
envy the challenge.
Good-bye and thank you so much for the wonderful memories!
— Willard Kennedy
Andy White
School Secretary
Willard M. Kennedy
Principal
89
