— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Center Religious School
A Message from the Director
In January of 2004, United
Synagogue of Conservative Judaism
announced that the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Religious School had been
recognized as a “Framework for
Excellence” Model 1 School. The
Center was only the second school in
Florida to receive this status and only
one of 23 schools nationwide to be so
recognized, marking it as one of the
top Religious Schools in the country.
This prestigious certification attests that
we have met rigorous standards in
professional development, curriculum
development and family education, and
demonstrated that we have met all of the goals, aims and
benchmarks necessary to be considered a school of
exceptional academic quality.
Our curriculum has been structured to
ensure that all students, regardless of background or style
of learning, will progress at any level of Hebrew in the
Religious School, while still enjoying the company of their
age-group in a fun and stimulating Judaica program.
Kindergarten and first graders meet on Sundays
for 2 hours, where they are introduced to Hebrew letters
and vocabulary, learn all about Jewish holidays, and get
to know about heroes and mitzvot in the Torah. In 2nd
grade, students meet on Sundays and Wednesdays, as
they continue with these subjects and are introduced to
the formal Hebrew language curriculum with the older
children. Grades 3-7 meet three days per week (Sunday,
Monday and Wednesday), concentrating on Hebrew
fluency (prayer as well as conversational), history,
customs and rituals. The 7th grade “Etgar” class enjoys
a mitzvah-based program, pulling together all of this
knowledge and learning how to put it to practical use,
both personally and in the community as young, Jewish
adults.
Music, art projects, dramatics,
and use of the library and computer lab
allow each student to flourish in an
exciting, kid-friendly atmosphere. A
special-needs professional and individual
tutors are available for children who
need a bit of extra help during school
hours with their Hebrew and Judaic
studies.
As a “Framework for
Excellence School,” we have been
recognized for our ability to use both
formal and informal educational
programming to enhance students’
Jewish education. This standard for
academic excellence also recognizes the
congregation’s success in creating a partnership between
the professional staff and the lay leadership in building
the kind of relationships that result in establishing high
quality, meaning-centered religious school learning
opportunities.
The goal of our program is to create the foundation
for life-long Jewish learning and living. We believe that
a good synagogue school education can, and should, be
a major influence in forming what a young Jewish adult
knows (knowledge), knows how to do (skills), and wants
to do (attitudes and proclivities). Rabbi Robert Abramson,
Director of the United Synagogue’s Department of
Education, in congratulating the school for its
achievement, said: “by offering a program based on one
of the Framework models, meeting all of its benchmarks
and shared elements, you are providing the youngsters
and teens of your congregation with a quality Jewish
education that will serve them well as they mature into
college years and adulthood.”
I look forward to the new year and the unfolding of
exciting educational opportunities that will include
students of all our synagogue schools.
Lois Tompkins
Director
— Lois Tompkins
95
