Religious School Simchas
Confirmation Class of 2004
6 & 7 Sivan • May 25-27,2004
The Biblical festival of Shavuot celebrates the giving of the Torah and Ten Commandments to the
Jewish people. It is natural that this festival should be celebrated with the accompanying sense of commitment
to Jewish life that Confirmation represents.
Throughout the festival, our Confirmands demonstrated the knowledge they had gained through
completion of the Beit Midrash (Hebrew High) program by fully participating in Shavuot services. In
addition, students read essays they had prepared on the theme “What Judaism Means to Me.”
As is customary, the Center Sisterhood gave each participant a booklet of mazel tov greetings
from members of the congregation. The Center Men’s Club presented a Kiddush cup to each confirmand.
2004 Confirmands pictured with their teacher, Rabbi Stephen Grundfast: Ori Demri, Brett Eaglstein,
Benjamin Finck, Julia Kufman, Faye Maiman, Lauren Margol, Zachery Morris, Jonathan Passen,
Jereme Pozin, Lauren Richter, Erin Rogozinski, Jillian Rosenberg, Adam Rothstein, Jodi
Schneider, Andrea Seebol, David Selber, Rebecca Shapiro, Jennifer Shorstein, Mathew Shorstein,
Masha Signayevsky, Shira Spalter, Brandon Trager, Andrew Weiss and Shea Williams.
Beit Midrash
Jacksonville Community Hebrew High School
Pamela Maman - Director
The Beit Midrash, Hebrew High School, program involves 8th - 12th grade
students throughout the community. Literature, Hebrew, Israel, Jewish Community,
Jewish Education, Jewish Ethics and Values, Jewish History, Judaic Studies and
Texts are among the topics taught. Classes meet Wednesday evenings from 7-9
p.m. For more information visit our website at www.beitmidrashjax org. or
call 448-5000.
The Center Religious School thanks the following Beit Midrash students
for their participation as tutors and volunteers: Dana Kresel and Jon Mizrahi, Religious School students.
assistant teachers; Josh Fleet, Michelle Jernigan, Amy Shuman, Debra Mizrahi
and Jordan Kress, community service students.
Jon Mizrahi with two Center
99
