Center Youth Department
A Message from the Director
During the upcoming year we will experience much growth and very exciting changes
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. The Center has a new Rabbi, Jonathan Lubliner, and a
new Director of Education, Dr. Judy Stoner. As important as a sense of Jewish spirituality
and education are in our children’s’ lives, so is the sense of belonging to a group of peers
with similar beliefs and values.
Our children, through their youth groups, are taught the essence of belonging,
participation and mitzvoth. They learn to be proud of who they are and what they represent.
They deliver food to the needy, raise funds for ARMDI and help prepare our synagogue for
the High Holidays. They learn about kashrut, play sports and organize different fundraising
events. They often don’t realize that they are learning and growing as they have so much
Gayle Bailys fun. They are truly amazing children!
Director
We at the Center strive to grow along with our children. We must encourage them
to continue their Jewish and community social action participation and guide them in their
efforts to become educated, open-minded Jewish adults. I look forward to continue helping to guide our children in
these important opportunities.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families!
— Gayle Bailys
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including Chalutzim,
Kadima, USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The committee is made up
of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs and caring Center members
who believe that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through
participation in innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish
leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue
summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar
in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome, fun and uniquely Jewish
experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth
Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates
stay connected to the synagogue and community. Four times a year, at
Rosh Hashanah, Chanukah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent
that bring warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay
in touch with your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing
and email addresses. Thank you to Stella Finck for her long-standing
devotion to this project. This year, Beth Fleet and Ellen Rosner will take
over this important work.
Kathy Osterer, Youth Commission Chair
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment.
To oversee these activities, the Youth
Commission and Youth Director, sets the
standards and policies for these programs.
Last December; Avi Rickman, Rachel Rosner and
Rachel Wyzan, college students from our synagogue
met in Israel with Hasbra staffer; Natalie Osterer,
for a special program that trains pro-Israel campus
activists.
101
