Religious School Simchas
Consecration
Shabbat morning, February 7,2004
For weeks, students of the Aleph class of the
Religious School and the 1st grade of the Solomon
Schechter Day School prepared a very special program
for this milestone in their Jewish education. Each student
received a certificate and a sweet treat from PTA
traditionally given to mark a sweet beginning to their
formal Hebrew education. Beautifully covered siddurim,
prayerbooks, were presented to the students by their
parents. In addition, Center Sisterhood gave each student
a bound collection of Leagrams containing well wishes
from family and friends. Todah Rabah to all the teachers:
Hanna Bendit, Paula Horn, Carole Goldberg,
Bonnie Loeser, liana Manasse, Robin Morris,
Karen Morse and Eta Perras.
Mazel tov wishes are extended to the families of
the Consecrants: Michael Appel, Paul Bitutsky, Izaak
Butensky, Erin Caplan, Justin Clevette, Gabrielle
Cohen, Joshua Cooper, Blair DeCrispino, Charlie
DuBow, Shira Ferman, Sydney Gross, Samantha
Grossman, Eliza Israel, Rachel Kessler, Jenna
Levine, Adam Mehlman, Sarah Miller, Rachael
Mizrahi, Jacob Orender, Zachary Orender, Ivan
Pulley, Jacob Raikes, Sarah Rooney, Micah Rubin,
Sarit Sandler, Leslie Schemer, Joshua Stevens,
Justin Vitiello,
98
Etgar- 7th Grade Graduation
May 16, 2004
The Religious School held a graduation ceremony
for the 7th grade on Sunday morning, May 16. The
ceremony, which included the presentation of certificates
and awards, marked the completion of the Center
Religious School program and promotion to Beit Midrash,
Hebrew High School.
This year’s graduation class includes: Daniel
Abramson,Lillie Anderson, Arielle Bernhardt,
Alyssa DeCrispino, Brandon Epstein, Austin
Gartner, Craig Herring, Eric Levenson, Jacob
Robinson, Stephanie Seebol, Danielle Slavin, and
Emily Talpalar.
Mazel tov to the graduates and their families. Todah
rabah to teachers, Judy Reppert and Scott
Zimmerman.
- Youth Congregations -
Meet Saturdays, lla.m.-Noon
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation Grades 3-6
Led by Edith Horovitz
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
Coordinated by Debbie Banks
