Recreation
Gamp Neshama was a Blast!
It was a fabulous summer and busy summer at
Camp Neshama, with especially high numbers of campers
attending. Campers made friends from all over Florida
and the United States, as we welcomed many
newcomers to Jacksonville.
Our activities were numerous and varied. Everyday,
campers swam, had arts and crafts, played games and
sports, enjoyed great kosher lunches and snacks and did
a special activity. There were sleepovers with night
swimming, movie nights and a closing dance party. Each
week different
cabins had the
opportunity to
bake hallah for
the camp’s
S h a b b a t
celebrations
every Friday.
Campers battled
it out in our “Color
Wars.” There
was a fabulous
talent show. Of course, no camp day would be complete
without a game of bombardment or snow cones.
Specialty Camps were wonderful. Karate, bowling,
yoga, outdoor adventure, ceramics, computers, jazz, hip/
hop, cooking, cheerleading, scrapbooking, basketball, and
tennis were offered in addition to the regular camp
activities.
This summer, Camp
Neshama was visited by the
American Camping Association.
A rigorous review process
occurs every three years. Our
camp again received high marks
in all areas. ,
Everyone looked forward to the exciting field trips
which included trips to Tree Hill Nature Center, Alhambra
Theatre, Jacksonville Zoo, NAS Jax, Adventure Landing
and boating on
the Annabelle
Lee, as well as
miniature golf,
ice skating,
bowling, roller
skating, We
even saw
“Sleeping
Beauty” and
some “Fairy
Godmothers.”
Terrific visitors came to Camp Neshama with a
petting zoo, interesting critters, train rides, moon
bounces, water slides and karate demonstrations.
Our summer concluded with two wonderful weeks
with Partnership 2000 teenagers from Israel sponsored
by the Jacksonville Jewish Federation. Campers learned
about our visitors and their life in Israel. They had the
opportunity to create interesting projects and experience
a small portion of what it is like to be an Israeli teen.
Thank you to a wonderful, hard working, dedicated
and loving staff. The sounds of joy and laughter, water
splashing, balls bouncing, hands clapping, kids singing
and chatting were heard throughout the camp day
because of your efforts to make Camp Neshama a
wonderful experience.
Look for another exciting and fun filled summer at
Camp Neshama 2005!
— Pamela Maman, Director
