Scouting
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
The world of
Senior Girl Scouting is
exciting and challenging.
Senior Girl Scouts begin
to function individually,
with a more substantial
leadership role, with the
adult leader as an
advisor. Girls learn to
make decisions and set
long-term goals with
community service in
mind.
This year Troop 969 saw many long-term goals
realized.
We can be very proud of the four girls who
received the highest award received by a Cadette scout,
the Silver Award. To earn this award, a girl must plan
and execute a community service project, spending at
least 30 hours. Talia Fleet cleaned and painted an
outside play area of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
adding beauty to the Preschool. Michelle Jernigan
made 50 lunches for the Kid’s Café with the help of the
Brownie troop at the Center Morgan Owens and
Stephanie Shacter crocheted baby blankets that were
donated to Emergency Pregnancy Services. All the girls
participated in service to the community by cooking at
Ronald McDonald House, a favorite activity, and
teaching songs to children at the Web Center.
Our two remaining Cadettes bridged to Senior
Scouting; the highest level of Girl Scouting. Debbie
Shacter, our oldest girl scout, graduated from Stanton
College Preparatory high school with honors and as a
member of the National Honor Society. Her graduation
gift from the troop was a Lifetime Girl Scout membership.
The troop took a
wonderful trip to
Orlando, completely
funded by earnings from
3 years of Girl Scout
Cookie sales. Planning
and preparing for this trip
was a great learning
experience. The girls
investigated different
travel experiences from
which to choose a
destination. They learned about the cost of lodging,
transportation, food and recreational activities. The trip
they planned was a 3-day, 2-night stay in a suites-style
hotel in Orlando that included the leaders. We all spent
the first day at Sea World. That night, dinner was cheese
pizza and dessert was ice cream sundaes. Dinner cannot
be more fun than that! The next day was very special -
Discovery Cove, where we swam with dolphins, and all
other kinds of fish. This was truly a first-class park,
where all equipment is provided and a lovely afternoon
meal is served. That evening was spent at Downtown
Disney for the incredible Cirque du Soleil Show, La
Nouba. Of course there was time for souvenir shopping.
Girl Scouting provides girls with a wide variety of
opportunities to increase skills and responsibility by
earning “interest patches.” For the “Lure of Learning”
patch, the girls explored the rewards of being a Speech
Pathologist. In addition to learning, the scouts also teach
their new-found skills to each other. Kelly Siddons
taught the girls acting warm-up exercises for the
“Performing Arts” patch, and Stephanie Shacter taught
the girls about photography for the “Photography” patch.
We all had fun at the First Coast Technical Institute’s
famous culinary arts department, learning to prepare
pizza, salad, and brownies from scratch.
Thank you to all the parents for their wonderful
support of their daughters and Senior Troop 969!
- Helen Shacter & Shirley Jernigan
111
