Scouting
Boy Scout Troopl4
Troop 14 continued the
scouting tradition begun in
1919 at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, with another
year of outdoor fun,
adventure and activities.
A scene from theannual Blue & Gold banquet.
Last August, Troop 14 went to Camp Blue Heron,
in Riceboro, Georgia, just south of Savannah. It was a
very memorable scouting experience for both first year
and experienced scouts.
iiiir ifcili l|ll
Six, first-year scouts
participated in the 5^.%^
woodsman program, which K » <4if' %
teaches the basic scouting P*
skills and crafts, f
Collectively, they completed
252 requirements toward
the rank of tenderfoot, ^
second class and first class. mK&J HIH
All of the scouts participated
in the traditional merit badge programs. The scouts
earned a total of 32 merit badges this year at camp.
We are proud to
announce that four of our
members achieved Boy
Scouting’s highest rank, the
Eagle Badge, during the Eagle
Court of Honor at this year’s
Blue and Gold Banquet.
Scoutmaster Louis Schwartz presided over the
evening which included speakers Bruce Horovitz and
Sol Proctor. Mr. Proctor, a former Boy Scout of Troop
14 and a 1945 Eagle Scout, delivered the charge to the
newest Eagle Scouts (pictured below 1 to r: Samuel
Schwartz, son of Louis & Jeri Schwartz, Louis
Richman, son of Deena & Jim Richman, Orí Demri,
son of Cindy & Moti Demri and Shaun Jackrel, son
of Debra & Ted Jackrel.
Other activities included fishing, swimming, riflery,
campfires and making friends with other scouts.
Thanks go to Scott Vining, who spent the entire
week at camp, as well as to Bruce Goldring and Bruce
Stark, who each volunteered a night.
Among the rigorous requirements these scouts earned
21 merit badges, held leadership positions and completed
community projects. Ori Demri refurbished the Center’s
snack bar and Louis Richman built benches for the Center’s
Recreational Park. Shaun Jackrel developed a plan for a
golf fundraiser to benefit the Science Fair Association of
Duval County. Sam Schwartz build benches for the Torah
Or Academy of Etz Chaim.
Troop 14 looks forward to another year of camping,
sports community service and great fun. Boys, ages 11
to 18, are invited to participate.
For more information, call me at 268-8717.
— Scoutmaster, Louis Schwartz
115
