Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
This year was very exciting for the Cub Scouts. We had
a new leader, as well as a great new group of Tiger Cubs.
Campouts seemed to be the theme this year, as we embarked
on six of them.
Our boys started the year searching for buried treasure
on the banks of the Suwannee River. The weather was gorgeous
as we hiked the banks and canoed down the river. Our next trip
took us to Manatee Springs where we took an incredible night
hike to the spring. The next day we swam in the spring. Not
bad for the middle of December! We also fished, canoed,
played, saw deer, and chased armadillos all over the place.
This was the place for nature.
In January, we blasted off to Kennedy Space Center for
an action packed weekend full of adventure and space
exploration. The Boy Scouts invited us to come along with
them, and we gladly accepted. After reaching the heights of
space, we landed on an aircraft carrier.
The most anticipated trip of the year was to the USS
Yorktown, docked in South Carolina. To spend a weekend living
aboard a real aircraft carrier was truly a great experience for
these young guys. During our stay, we went by boat to Fort
Sumter, where we raised the flag of the thirteen colonies. We
boarded a battleship, a coast guard cutter and a submarine.
Our boys really outdid themselves, and every other scout troop
aboard, by taking home first place in a weekend contest of
knowledge. Great job Pack 14!
With the Civil War in our spirits, what better place for
the next campout than right in our own backyard - Fort
Clinch? We spent a beautiful, sunny weekend. “Fort + kids
= natural playground.” We had the beach right there, too.
We fished, swam, flew kites and took a side trip aboard a
salvage ship, that was excavating gold coins from the bottom
of the ocean.
On every campout our
religious observances are just
as important as the campout
itself. We start on Friday with a
sundown Kiddush and have a
beautiful Saturday morning
service. From the beaches to the
springs, from rockets to flight
decks - our religious experiences were enhanced by the
beautiful and meaningful locations.
Throughout the year, our regular pack meetings were
hosted by each of the dens. We had talent shows, paper
plane races and
our second
annual balloon
night. Don’t
know what
balloon night
is? Just ask any
cub scout.
Only a few of us from Pack 14 made it to Scoutblast
2004 this year, but it turned out to be the largest campout of
all. About six or seven hundred scouts attended this huge
event. There wasn’t enough time to do everything during
the weekend. This was scouting at its best!
Well after all of this, we still had
the famous Pinewood Derby Race, one
more campout, the Blue and Gold
Recognition Dinner and a tube ride
down the pristine Ichetucknee River.
This year’s Pinewood Derby was
action packed from start to finish.
Congratulations to Alex Wolfson who
dominated the event with a car that not
only looked good but also sped to a
first place finish.
Scouting is an adventure. Scouting is a discipline for
the future. Scouting is just plain fun. Get Involved!
For information, call me at 262-0207.
— Cubmaster Marty Pett
113
