Community Organizations
American Red Magen David for Israel
Founded as a First Aid Society in 1930, Magen David
Adorn evolvedinto Israel's emergency medical, disaster,
ambulance and healthcare network - serving 365 days a year,
24 hours a day. Every person in every corner of Israel looks
to MDA to perform the usual tasks carried out by Red Cross
Societies throughout the world, and then some. Within
minutes, MDA’s rescue units arrive on the scene - for medical
emergencies, accidents and,unfortunately, terrorist bombings.
Trained paramedics administer immediate help and then
transport the patient to a hospital if necessary.
Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle, Shalach Manot cards
and other cards & certificates proceeds this year will be used
to help equip MDA ambulances and First Aid Stations in the
Hadera-Eiron Region with replacement equipment, Bandaids
and Bandages. Each $1 donated to our puzzle project also
helped. If you would like to make a contribution to this fund,
please send a check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4543 Rock River
Road W. Jacksonville, FL 32224.
Our Annual Concert is scheduled for 31 October. Mark
your calendar. Though the symbol of Magen David Adorn, a
Red Star of David, is recognized by the American Red Cross,
and the International Red Cross has finally acknowledged
there is a problem, efforts are still going on to achieve
international acceptance of our symbol.
Show your support for the State of Israel for only $25
or $200 Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh
by joining today. Mail to Mitzvah ARMDI, 9830 Woodrose
Lane, Jacksonville, FL 32257.
For us it’s only a check; for them it could mean life
itself.
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University Women’s Committee is really a
misnomer, since our organization has many men, as you will
note from our officer’s list. Our primary goal is financial
support for Brandéis University and its Libraries, as well as
supporting scholarship funding. It connects Brandéis, a
nonsectarian university founded by the American Jewish
Community, to its members and their communities through
programs that reflect the ideals of social justice and academic
excellence.
Brandéis - Jacksonville covers a diverse range of
interests. Our Study Groups offer something for everyone,
from reading books and plays to great dining and more.
Our membership includes couples as well as singles
(women and men). We afford our members the opportunity to
continue learning, as well as the chance to just have fun.
“Traveling Gourmet” features dinners at various area
restaurants with emphasis on the exotic. “Reel Special,” our
movie group, picks films of unusual interest, followed by
dinner and discussion. “Food for Thought” is the strength of
such groups as “Great Literature,” “News & Nosh,” as well
as many other offerings.
We welcome everyone to join with us in this unique
organization. If you would like additional information, please
contact our Membership Vice President, Joan Waterman at
388-4491 or President, Doris Gross at 246-6284
2004 - 2005 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of Magen David Adorn
Co-Presidents: Wendy Honigman & Joan Waitz
Membership Coordinator: Hana Schindler
Fund Raising Coordinators:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary :
Parliamentarian:
Past President:
Bulletin:
Cards/Donations:
Cirulation:
Concert:
Membership:
Outreach:
Publicity:
Raffle:
Retention:
At-Large Board:
Fee & Nathan Weiss
Leon Robins
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Chiel Wind, MD
Aviva Kraus
Naomie Bossen
Becky Bromberg
Penny Powell
Elisheva Shields & Bonnie Hardy
Ray Hardy
Elaine Furman
Bonnie Hardy
Gert Bernhardt
Hana Bendit, Fern Estner,
Joseph Honigman MD, Madelyn Glossman,
Jo Marks, Hanna Rosenberg, Rosea Wind
Emeritus Board: Use Gottlieb
2004-2005 Officers
• of Brandéis University Women’s Committee
Doris Gross, Norma Levy
Gaye Feuer, Betsy Pearl
Joan Waterman
Susan Derby, Marcia Nelson
Laura Schulman, Frances Young
Mildred Kaufman
Herb Gerson
Rita Garfinkel
Directors: Elaine Fendell, Rae Halpem, Esther Kahn
Nominating Committee: Rae Halpern, Chair
Gaye Feuer, Rita Garfinkel, David Selin, Gina Weston
Presidents:
Program VPs:
Membership VP:
Fundraising VP:
Study Group VPs:
Financial Secretary:
Treasurer:
Secretary:
207
