Community Agencies
c£)0wi’C¿ (X%
Jewish Community Alliance
&c¿ 'Pa/iJv&v ^'CM'ÍaA' (/ewyMAfr
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
— Board of Directors -
Executive Committee
Kenneth B. Jacobs
President
Margery Serkin
President Elect
Ira Goldfield
Vice President
Rori Stevens
Vice President
Steve Sherman
Vice President
David Miller
Secretary
Andy Cantor
Treasurer
Nancy Perlman
Asst. Sec./Treasurer
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
Our Jewish identity is important. The JCA seeks to create a positive and affirming
environment of Jewish culture and heritage. We strive to welcome all and share our Jewish
traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life, culture,
and community (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish community (3) enhance
the quality of life for all segments of the community and (4) strengthen family life. The JCA
fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality programs for people of all ages
including: childcare and family programs, fitness and recreational facilities and activities,
Jewish education, culture and arts programs, and by providing a place for family,
“neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other local
synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and celebrations.
New classes and programs are always being added to meet the diverse interests of our
members. We serve the Jacksonville Jewish community with programs like the NAEYC
accredited Gan Yeladim preschool and kindergarten, after school care for elementary age
youth, the Challenge Program, Yiddish for Fun, adult Torah study group, classical music
appreciation, pottery classes, children’s birthday parties, yoga, pilates, aerobics, Middle School
Night Out, Great Books discussion group, swim instruction, gymnastics, swim team, tennis
teams and clinics, aqua aerobics, youth, teen and men’s basketball leagues, Parent Central
program, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer program, Theatre of Youth, summer camp accredited
by the American Camping Association and so much more . ..
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to be a
part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to all. Come
by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs - after all, the JCA is Where You
Belong!
Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
The River Garden Auxiliary began in 1922 with a small group of ladies
who called themselves the Ladies Hebrew Home Sheltering Aid Society. The
group was formed to help care for residents in the home on Riverside Avenue.
Although as an organization we have grown, our goals remain the same, to enhance
the daily lives of each and every resident.
Our volunteers are an ever-present part of the Home, fulfilling the needs
of our residents with love, a smile, and a tender touch. Their volunteer time to
the Home and residents is given unselfishly and with a dedication that is
unwavering. The Auxiliary also provides financial support for ancillary needs
and services for the residents.
As part of the Auxiliary, you can make a difference. Join us in our
commitment to “Honor thy father and thy mother.”
— Andrea T Raitt, Auxiliary President
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2004-2005
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P.:
Membership V.P.:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Andrea Raitt
Alice Sherman
Marilyn Datz
Barbara Safer
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
Vivian Kaplan
204
