Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715 • www.jaxjewish.org
— Executive Committee -
President
Guy Benrubi
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Leslie Held
Vice Presidents
Michael Korn
Harris Rittenberg
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Debbie Parker
Treasurer
Mark Shorstein
Secretary
Leonard Setzer
Immediate Past President
Mitchell Levine
Presidential Appointee
Stephen Silverman
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation
serves as a central resource for our Jewish
community. In summary, the Federation is
dedicated to providing for the welfare of every
Jewish person living in Jacksonville. Through
a partnership with the United Jewish
Communities (UJC), formerly known as UJA,
we are equally committed to the survival of
and quality of life for every Jewish person
living in Israel and throughout the Diaspora.
The five major local recipient
agencies of funds raised by the Federation are
the Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish
Family and Community Services, River
Garden Hebrew Home, Jacksonville Jewish
Foundation and the Solomon Schechter Day
School. We are proud of the invaluable
services provided by these five outstanding
Jewish agencies. It is a privilege to assist them
in trying to meet their goals.
Jewish education is extremely
important. In addition to Solomon Schechter,
Federation is proud to support Beit Midrash
Hebrew High and the Torah Academy of
Jacksonville. Through the Joan Levin Gift
of Israel program and birthright israel,
Federation is helping to make the dream of a
trip to Israel a reality for Jewish teens and
college youth in our community.
Following up on the Demographic
Study conducted in October of 2002,
Federation is coordinating a Long Range
Planning Process, in cooperation with our
synagogues and the major local agencies.
The Federation is involved with
community relations, leadership development
and Missions to Israel. We will continue to
work in cooperation with our local agencies,
UJC and the synagogues to address the vital
issues and challenges in the entire arena of
Jewish continuity.
Our officers and Board of Directors
wish the congregation a happy and healthy
New Year.
— Dr. Guy Benrubi, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees
wishes you and yours
“L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year.”
Mission: To ensure the future of our Jewish community and life with dignity for every
Jew. To ensure that our synagogues and agencies have the financial resources they need
so that generations to come may enjoy our rich Jewish heritage and traditions.
Partnership: Beth El - The Beaches Synagogue, Beth Shalom Congregation,
Congregation Ahavath Chesed (The Temple), Etz Chaim Synagogue, Jacksonville Jewish
Center, Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and
Community Services, River Garden Hebrew Home.
Summary; The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is truly our Jewish Community
Foundation, providing planned giving and endowment services to our partners in order
to further the stated mission.
B’nai Tzedek: B’nai Mitzvah youth are invited to establish their own Tzadakah
funds. Participants contribute $125 of their funds, the Jacksonville Jewish
Federation contributes $125, and the Gottlieb family, through their Jacksonville Jewish
Foundation fund, contributes $250. B’nai Mitzvah youth take an active role in giving
throughout this Jewish community.
Book of Life: Imagine a time in the future when a child’s fingers touch a page in
the Foundation Book of Life... and they read your story...then the questions
begin..why is your name inscribed in this precious book of memories? Leave your living
legacy of caring for those in need... inscribe your story now.
JMif^ Lion of Judah Endowment: LOJE women wear the N’er Tamid, “eternal flame,”
in the hands of their lion because these are women who have endowed their giving
and they are a light unto the future of this community.
P.O.Box 24847 Phone: 904 - 394-0720
Jacksonville, FL 32241 Fax: 904 - 394-0956
Foundation
— Board of Trustees —
Fiscal Year 2004-2005
Stephen Silverman - President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Rabbi Eliezer Ben-Yehuda
Michele Block-Weiner, Esq.
Michael Donziger * - Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. - V.P.
Mel Gottlieb* - TYustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe,CIMA
Howard I. Korman, Esq.
Joan Levin
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Neil Presser, CPA - Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
Margery Serkin
Mark Shorstein, CPA - Sec.
Richard Sisisky
Dr. Roy J. Sloat**
Dennis Wolfson
Barry Zisser, Esq.
♦Past President
•• Of Blessed Memory
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
203
