Community Organizations
Hadassah
“Hadassah has always been an important bridge to
peace. By treating all people without regard to nationality
or religion, Hadassah has shown the world what peace in
the Middle East will look like.”
— Yitzchak Rabin, 1994.
Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity,
we must actively pursue righteousness and justice at home,
in the community, and in the world. In this tradition,
Hadassah was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold to bring
public health services to pre-state Israel. Today, more than
300,000 American women support our network of Israel
projects in addition to our volunteer work at home. Across
the US, Hadassah promotes health education, community
service, and Jewish education and research. Hadassah
advocates on issues ranging from Israel-US relations to
First Amendment protections to women’s rights and health
concerns.
One by one, we must each take responsibility for
transforming hopes, promises, and echoes into deeds.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites your participation in one of
our five groups: Shir Li, Tikva, Nurse’s & HCP Council
and Yamit.
For information please contact
any of our Presidents:
Chapter Presidium
Nurses & HCP Council Shoshana Haas
Carol Matoren
Shir Li Laurie Gelman
Tammy Shuman
Tikva Renee Gordon
Yamit Evelyn Peck
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah Board:
Fundraising VP Linda Bloom
Wendy Pozin
Membership VP Lynn Maiman
Education VP Jodie Seitlen
Treasurer Evelyn Moskovitz
Records Administrator Etta Fialkow
Corresponding Sec. Robin Ailerding
Recording Sec. Randi Rogozinski
Advisors Trida Bettman
Barbara Schneider
National Council of Jewish Women
National Council of Jewish Women is :
• Action-Commitment-Change.
• “A faith in the Future, a belief in Action”
• Women championing the needs of women,
children and families
• Speaking out on such issues as child welfare,
women’s rights, reproductive freedom and more.
Many of the projects that have been part of NCJW for
the past several years are continuing with much success, and
many new projects are beginning. One of our new projects is
the promotion of umbilical cord blood donation. This process
is such a vital one, and is painless and free and really can
save lives. Our support of the “PACE Center for Girls”, “I
Will Ask” gun control, HIPPY, “Kosher Kart” and the “Mt.
Carmel Connection” are just a few of our ongoing projects,
and each plays an important part in the lives of a cross section
of the population in Jacksonville. Our involvement in issues
of local, state and national matters continues through our email
tree.
For more information about NCJW, you can visit
our web site or call Rhoda Goldstein, president, at 268-
8124.
2004-2005 NCJW Officers
President: Rhoda Goldstein
Administrative Assistant - Joni Shmunes
Community Service coordinator: Kim Luellen
Cord Blood Donation - Michelle Graff-Radford,
Faye Mizrahi, and Wendy Sapolsky
Hanukkah at Wolf son - Laura Cagan, Dina Fetner
“I Will Ask”- Ina Taffet
Mt. Carmel - Beth Shorstein, Minda Gordon
Paint the Town - Penny Marks
Kosher Kart - Judy Greenfield, Minnie Schreiber,
Arlene Yegelwel
Study Circles - Marian Tischler
Project Development-Nancy Jacobson
Public Affairs coordinator: Meryl Rittenberg
Email list - Melanie Geller
District Office visits -Janis Fleet
Membership coordinators: Karen Morse Elissa Yining
Membership Records-Shirley Bielski
Program coordinator: Robin DeCrispino
Fundraising:
Woman in Power/Donor 2005 - Helen DuBow,
Susan DuBow
Tribute Cards - Lillian Meizlik
Fundraiser - Caryn Kenny, Judy Lento
Meetings - Judi Greenhut, Gloria Einstein,
Leslie Kirkwood
Treasurer: Ellen Freedman
Bulletin Editor: Isabel Balotin
Mailing/Communications: Janice Meisel
Social Secretary: Amy Deem
208
