Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
With only one year
under their wigs and funny
faces, the Jacksonville
Mitzvah Clowns have
already brought smiles and
good cheer to hundreds of
children and adults in our
community. This volunteer
organization celebrated its
first anniversary in April
2004 ,and now boasts a
corps of over 75 clowns who
have been trained for the sole mitzvah of bikkur holim, visiting
the sick. Among this group are 25 teenagers and adults from
the Temple’s Institute of Religion and the Solomon Schechter
Day School’s 8th grade.
The Jacksonville
Mitzvah Clowns have
also visited sick people at
Baptist Hospital, Wolf son
Children’s Hospital,
Dreams Come True, and
Jewish seniors residing in
nursing homes in the area.
Mitzvah Clowns in the SSDS 8th grade traveled to Orlando
where they clowned around at the Give Kids the World Village.
We, as a group are, and the community should be, very proud
of these teens and their teacher, Edith Horovitz, for performing
such a wonderful mitzvah.
The goal of the Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns is to
create a self perpetuating corps of local Mitzvah Clowns
available for periodic visits and special programs at local
facilities and through participation in local programs which
serve the Jewish community and otherwise. The Mitzvah
Clown program seeks to bring smiles, companionship and
cheer to sick and aged people while at the same time enhancing
self-confidence and creating a joy of doing mitzvot among
the Mitzvah Clown participants.
In addition to the two training sessions, the
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns have participated in various
community events including:
• 2003 Lag B’Omer picnic at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center
• Grandparents Day (September 2003) at River Garden
• Leukemia Walk at the Landing in the fall of 2003
• NCJW sponsored 2003 Hanukkah Party at Mount Carmel
• JJC Preschool Character Carnival in February 2004
• Purim 2004 at River Garden.
The Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown program is always
looking for new trainees. If you are interested, please
contact:
Vivo at lenjorge@comcast.net or
Gigibell at gigi-18@comcast.net.
Reesa Zaifert and her
favorite clown.
209
