===== PAGE 1 =====
mmH
Wim
mWmmWm
IliiiiiMMwMMMaiiflMIttM
W*^?.- a. r^v:.^;-^, ¡í:.«3Sírfí3
».•* ■■■•:. ,».> ' Fs7ivW®sjp: IS
™ i j“ ” ?^ ■»<^---^ 'r ■V'-^,.1'. ' . ■ >.v; f ; VftjfN&Ki in'3*
S®S0j&'feiiiK *!&&*#*> -t/ptppi. 0i -■■ ■«* t tP '*31
Sj? ■ ';S¿.:i£ S§ÍmM í.-4'#fj ;v, p
ÉtóipÉiÉ
WWffWWWpifWWIBIiPiWWTgitr.'' I UIV"W
iV» Tj»ii»iiwíl .ilií> y^pai
M<^ÉmitKKKKSM
®¿?mm
■sae» •,.-. i#Mp» m^la^winteB» te 11 «i*,
■PpJKTn ^ : ^ -S •<
J, !*• *.iá1^ÉLM>'r * V&
"'V;.'' -y. - i ‘" '
É» Sí- "'■ " ''' i' - y i'mi
t: í - -■*'.■
4¿tiffi£&SIEÉÍMir ' ■ Y.'iVyaí)jBB|
mhhmmmHIIIHrIéííPIé
. ':V-\
r ■ a . - i •.;. • • ■ m. •: ■■- t;
Ha
SsiliiJl
i 8
WKSSm
llMpM
Wü», i",i i! ij ■■; <■:■ ),M—
HHnHÉSmSH^IIírHMIH
■NHhHH|
M1M|
ímT&tex
■1111113^ "■.«; s
sa«£ftfa-ij
- M i -?f|pj|
Mffimr&mm
Sll|¡¡llpll@
s^r mm
jj| WÉH
jpmB
%#s
l'flHH
1fs|"í'-«g'^ ■ '>;,‘; :':j ',i ■ P
. ;'p^-
jg
S: ~v &
SUI
•ff ggp 'WNp”:|i
¡■¡¡¡¡t 1
Ej8I
■
jggpgMP&lj
MBp
aífls.,
I ■1*wí
ft ir**””*
K
J3-»'P®k
SllliS
üp»
?P j
-v* -up
&■$$*:-Mi£ÍU::^m
jwr. g 4^®
L J
E
^.C.: Vi;., .. : -
^ •-..-V^^,;-;.^ -V^Vai-■ , -..
iliiwifiittiaiw^&l
-fMHpvr 5>.v '.;.••• *y** cvf^ukto
&*>*- J .- <«>*e(4± -s .«hVv"o
• -^•'•.vUv,v>v1.-'
fPPÍ^UlplA -
9^í
r ‘ '' • . - .í
' • ■ ■ ,» 4
R^¿.v * 4w6¿wp^^s
fe will*
■ <
WSaWMWgii
¿'¿mew
/- --&: ../■ ^
í;- r ■
vi. r :>"'■
¡f$ji f - J ’
'•«¡te ,”>w*«»«tí»- .a» »
;4S
1 t■’ %%s 9-s« y* i*ytr
lí\vr-11 il jAJ/
I m\ \\ ¡% ■.. .
ja I • ?;->■ Ír * .jí_ á v ,'/^v V|. ’>. •■•;.,I 'P ií pí*- . ••'' •4'
yLU\% -ív
*/&■■.%).i' 'ii
■iB(i
4 ■! i-'V,i
* ,, p f r i l
i. *
tf.;.'.¿•Á-.^.v?.;;.;• . »-*'•••. '' ■•■ ■ > •-.-.
Sí
■ÉPWjNjMBlaí^SjgÜ
©íi-^V<:í¡>igS¡»^ 'J,
■ ^ i'..
í ... ^
ti
... ., v y
a»Vo^ V1'
.-• .oí > I
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
===== PAGE 2 =====
Are you one of the nearly
nine million small and midsized
business owners with no
business continuation plan?*
Prudential can help you protect
the future of your business.
Planning. It’s what got your business to
where it is today. Right from the start, you
understood that a thriving business doesn’t
just happen. You had to build it, with a mix
of painstaking planning and hard work.
But what happens if, through chance
or choice, you’re no longer at the helm?
Will your business be without a rudder?
Of course you want what’s best for your
heirs and your company. But during a
business transition, the interests of heirs
and surviving owners often differ. That’s
why now is the time to work with your
attorney to draft an agreement favorable
to both parties.
A business continuation plan can help
meet both your corporate and personal
needs. We can provide the appropriate
insurance products to fund a sound
continuation plan that allows prompt
settlement of the estate and transfer of
business interests. This can help provide
stability for customers, employees,
creditors and investors.
When you speak with a Prudential financial
professional, you’ll learn about solutions to
meet your every business need:
► Buy/Sell agreements, which set forth
terms of sale of family-held stock to the
remaining owners.
► Strategies and solutions for handling
estate tax consequences involved in
continuing a business.
► Employee compensation plans, which
aim to retain key employees.
► Employee benefits and stock ownership
plans geared towards keeping the
business an ongoing concern.
To learn more about how 1, along with your
advisors, can help you with your business
continuation planning, call:
Mel Case, Financial Planner
The Prudential Insurance
Company of America
8702 Perimeter Park Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
904-641-7933, ext. 7435
Frank Mantay, CFP™
Managing Director
904-641-7933, ext. 7314
Prudential Financial
Crowing and Protecting Your Wealth®
*Small-Business Administration study—5/2002 and LIMRA U.S. Small-Business Study 2000. Life insurance issued by The Prudential
Insurance Company of America and its affiliates. All are Prudential Financial companies. Each is solely responsible for its own financial
condition and contractual obligations. Neither Prudential Financial nor its affiliates provide legal or tax advice. You should consult your
own legal and tax advisors regarding your particular situation. Prudential Financial is a registered service mark of
The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates. IFS-A081344 Ed. 07/2003
===== PAGE 3 =====
(Qiwféfeaócmcf
After each sounding of the shofar on Rosh Hashanah, we recite a
brief prayer that begins with the words, “Today the world came into
being..The theme that the world is renewed each year is central to the
spirit of the season. Just as nature renews itself, every human being has
the opportunity on Rosh Hashanah to begin anew - to go forward and
dream dreams of the future. Rosh Hashanah is ultimately about how to
make things better for ourselves, our community and the world.
As we begin this New Year, the theme of renewal is especially
meaningful to all of us at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, because we are
welcoming new leadership to our synagogue. Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
brings a magnetic warmth and enthusiasm as well as a broad spectrum of
knowledge, creativity and leadership to his position as Spiritual Leader.
Dr. Judy Stoner, Director of Education/Head of Schools, has extensive
experience in the field of Jewish education and an ability to bring
continuity, unity and a cohesive vision to our programs. Our new
synagogue president, Seeman Zimmerman, and his Officers and Board
of Directors, are inspired to invigorate all aspects of congregational life.
As visualized on the cover of this Yearbook, it is with continued
commitment to our Jewish traditions and hope for the future that we
greet the New Year 5765. May we all be inspired to strengthen our
dedication to Jewish life and pledge renewed participation in our
synagogue so that this will be a year of sweetness, success and blessing for
all of us.
===== PAGE 4 =====
-- ON BLANOINO BUVD.
7600 BUNDING BOULEVARD ft ft A
JUST NORTH OF I-29S H I 111
ON BLBNOING BLVO d||l
2004 ACURA
2004 AOJRA
SERVICE HOURS:
MONMYilllAY
7AM 8PM
SAIIIRDAY 7AM 5PM
MON DAY- SATURDAY 9AM 9PM • SUNDAY 12PM-7PM
Visit The Acum Of Orange Park Auto Show
2
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
Table of Contents
Yearbook Staff
Janis Dorman
Advertising Manager
Peggy Organes
Editor
Photographers: Robin Allerding, Amy Goodman, Ken
Organes, Pamela Maman, Robin Morris, Andy Raitt,
Lois Tompkins and Elissa Vining.
Proofreaders: Dorothy Cohen, Rhoda Goldstein,
Edith Horovitz and Lori Schoettler.
ADMINISTRATION
Board of Directors 14
Center Personnel 10
Chairman of the Board’s Message 17
Education Director’s Message 7
Executive Director’s Message 11
Officers 15
Past Presidents 16
President’s Message 13
Professional Staff 9
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 5
CALENDARS 169-181
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS/ COMMITTEES
Adult Education 29
Center Cemetery/Hevra Kaddisha 65
Choir, Reach-to-the-Beach, Singles 19
Greeters, Minyan Captains, Religious Committee, Ushers 25
Membership Committee 27
Men’s Club 22-23
Sisterhood 20-21
Records: Inez Achord, Melissa Gibbons, Dereen
Murray, Shirley Thacker and Robyn Sabatt-Waring.
COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS 203-209
COMMUNITY/SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTING 120
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for making
this publication possible, but also for the support
you lend to our many activities. We urge our
members to reciprocate with their patronage.
About the Cover:
We are proud to feature a mixed-media work
by one of the regions best known artists, Helene
Baker. A variety of her pieces was exhibited in the
Center’s Yergin Galley last May. This one stood
out for its exceptional beauty and meaningful
content.
Mrs. Baker has united her affinity for flowers
and plants with her outlook on the fragility of life
to create a message of hope and renewal, as well as
a tribute to her Jewish heritage. The draped tallit,
focal point of the composition, honors the memory
of her father, Sam Shelter, who was a longtime
member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center as well
as a tenor in the Center Choir. Her children, Merle
and Harris Rittenberg have continued his
committment to the Center in their own involvement
as officers and committee members.
About her work, the artists explains, “Some
viewers who see my work, choose to see the surface
beauty alone; however I intend my works to have
layers of content in them. The cycle of plants
reflects our own patttem of birth, growth and death.
If the observer is able to feel something spiritual,
that is enough.”
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 211-217
DIRECTORY OF SUPPORTERS 121-167
EDUCATION
Beit Midrash 99
Day School Principal’s Message 89
Day School Classes,Teachers, Activities 88-94
Early Childhood Director’s Message 83
Early Childhood Classes, Activities 84-87
Preschool/Day School PTA 90
Religious School Classes, Activities 96-97
Religious School Director’s Message 95
Youth Congregations 98
GREETINGS 183-202
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 41-45
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 47-53
Weddings 55-63
Dear Departed 67
MEMORIALS 69-82
RECREATION
Basketball 118-119
Camp Neshama 117
SPECIAL EVENTS
Confirmation 99
Consecration, Etgar Graduation 98
JJC Golf Classic 35
JTS Shin Award Dinner 39
Performing Artists Series 37
Raffle for Education 32-33
Simhat Torah Honorees 31
YOUTH
Scouting 111-115
Center Youth Commission 101
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 103-107
Summer Programs 109
Youth Director’s Message 101
===== PAGE 6 =====
In the Days of Awe
Dangling from a leather sling in the oak,
the tree trimmer, high in the swaying tree,
reaches out to saw away a branch.
It leaves a staring eye when it drops,
a round white eye on the tree trunk.
Cautiously, with rope and saw,
tools swinging from his belt,
he crawls upward, seeking limbs to cut.
Now I too slash away unnecessary branches,
opening eyes to the sky.
Imperiled, dangling, lacking skill to choose
the limbs that stifle growth, I pray
to Thee Whose marks I bear within
like rings of trees.
I pray Thee guide my hand,
I, the tree trimmer, I the tree.
— Ruth F. Brin
To all our friends, a year of peace and good health, and to children everywhere, we pledge our efforts to improve the world.
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc.
Goldie Portnoy
Jerry & Barbara Portnoy and Family Michael & Andrea Portnoy and Family
Richard & Rhonda Passink and Family
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
4
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 7 =====
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
The True Essence of Jewish Time
Modernity, though capable of
measuring time with amazing precision, has
largely attenuated such measurement from
the world of human experience. We gauge
the passage of time by coldly mechanical
means: chronometers, the half-life of
elements, light years, atomic clocks.
Precision in time keeping has its
virtues, of course, but the sages of the
Talmud gave priority to other values in the
business of measuring time. Familiar though they were with
the mathematics of the Julian calendar, they opted to
embrace a far more cumbersome system of relying on
eyewitness testimony concerning the new moon’s
appearance. Upon the authentication of the witnesses’
report, the Sanhedrin in Jerusalem would declare that day
Rosh Hodesh. That we celebrate an extra day of Yom Tov
in the Diaspora as a hedge against calendrical uncertainty
is a vestige of the ancient system’s inexactitude.
Yet, ultimately, the rabbis deemed the human element
in fixing the passage of time to be of greater importance
than simple accuracy. Indeed, according to Midrash, when
the ministering angels assemble to inquire as to the
commencement of the Days of Awe, it is none other than
God who responds, “Is it Me you are asking? Let us both
inquire of the court below!” (Midrash Tehillim 81:6). If the
Almighty is the architect of Jewish time, then we are its
engineers—for it is our perception of time and the meaning
we assign it that sanctifies the minutes and hours of our
lives.
The wisdom of the Jewish approach is particularly
manifest when we consider the passage of our own lives.
A child, for instance, is bom at a precise moment of the
day; the time is duly noted on her birth certificate. Yet her
entrance into the world is given meaning not by the hour of
her delivery, but by the joy of those who
witness the miracle of her birth, and have
the privilege of watching her grow up.
A Bar Mitzvah boy ostensibly
becomes a Jewish adult when he is
thirteen and one day according to the
Hebrew calendar. Becoming an adult,
however, is an ongoing process that takes
years to achieve; it requires myriad
changes in the depth and breadth of one’s
perceptions. The threshold between child and adult is
not crossed in the space of a single sunrise or sunset.
Husband and wife are married at the conclusion of
a brief ceremony, yet it takes a lifetime together to forge
a true marriage, one in which there will be many defining
moments of couplehood, each as important as the first.
Even in death, beyond the precise moment that the
physician records the instant of our passing, there are
those who cease to live before their physical demise, as
well as individuals whose contributions live on even after
they die. The accuracy of knowing when something
happens is far less important than the value we assign to
the event itself.
The meaning of Jewish time applies no less to the
relationship between a rabbi and a congregation. Formally,
a rabbi becomes the spiritual leader of a particular
synagogue the day his contract indicates. Yet the most
significant defining moments of the relationship are elusive
of any specific date on the calendar. A rabbi becomes the
spiritual leader of a community through moments of
shared joy and sorrow . . .one family at a time. A
relationship is forged through the give-and-take of Torah
study and the hours spent together in prayer. Their
partnership is built upon an ever-deeper understanding
and acceptance of the human element in each. As these
interactions unfold over time, the worshippers in the pews
are transformed into the rabbi’s flock — congregants,
neighbors and friends. As for the fellow standing on the
bimah, he is no longer simply the rabbi, but has become
instead your rabbi.
I look forward to becoming your rabbi in the days
ahead. Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing
you a happy and healthy New Year. May 5765 usher in an
era of peace for Israel, America, and all humankind.
.mm nrDn raw rtw
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
6
Business - Personal - Life - Health
Vandroff Insurance Agency offers you the best
combination of coverage, service and price.
Arnold Vandroff • David Vandroff
Oren Margol
rl "Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
296-3390
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 9 =====
Professionals
A Message from the Director of Education
The education of our
preschoolers, youth, young adults and
families is a top priority of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Jewish
education at the Center is strong and
growing. Camp Neshama has just
completed a banner year. The
Preschool, Solomon Schechter Day
School and the Religious School are
off to another year of learning and
excitement.
I look forward to leading the educational
programs of the Center with the partnership and
assistance of Willard Kennedy, Dale Schemer and
Lois Tompkins, an outstanding team of professional
administrators, along with the excellent faculty and
staff, and a strong group of dedicated volunteers.
Together we will provide continuity and a cohesive
vision throughout all educational components of the
Center by implementing a team approach to
coordinating programming, curriculum, professional
development and marketing.
Michael and Dr. Judy Stoner
Cheryl Plotkin and Sue Levine
will co-chair the Education
Committee comprised of
representation from all the Center
Schools. As a team, we will identify
and determine priorities, research
areas for development and explore
opportunities for institutional growth.
Together, we will perpetuate the
culture of menschelkeit and learning
that makes the Center so special. The
notion that kol yisrael arivim zeh
lizeh (all Israel is responsible one for the other)
thrives in our schools. This is the unique culture of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
As we begin this New Year with great energy
and excitement, I look forward to open
communication through regular parlor meetings and
other avenues as we make this journey together.
On behalf of my husband and my children,
I wish you a Shanah Tovah U’Metukah, a Happy
and Healthy New Year. May you be inscribed in the
Book of Life.
B ’Shalom,
— Dr. Judy Stoner
Emily
Judy Stoner, Ed.D
Director of Education and
Head of Center Schools
Quinn
===== PAGE 10 =====
GET THE “EDGE” ON YOUR
PLUMBING
★Jacksonville
I
NORTH FLORIDA
PLUMBING \
24 HOUR SERVICE
COMMERCIAL & RESIDENTIAL
• All Types of Repairs
• Slab Leaks • Water Heaters
• Remodeling & Repiping
• Sewer & Drain Cleaning
• Video & High Pressure Jetting
RONNIE EDGE MASTER PLUMBER
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 11 =====
Professionals
Baal Tefilah
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
To be a shaliach tzibbur, the representative of
the community, is an awesome responsibility, and a
great honor.
It is my job, as Baal Tefilah, to be the voice of
the congregation, to bring all the prayers offered in
the synagogue into one cohesive whole.
To do so standing in the same place as my teacher,
Cantor Abraham Marton z”l, is a special priviledge. I
am very thankful for the opportunity to serve this
congregation where I grew up.
May the year to come bring joy and prosperity to
all of us, and may we see peace in Israel soon.
The Mahzor reads “...repentance, prayer and
tzedakah avert the unfavorable decree.” Indeed, one
of the main purposes of Jewish prayer is to inspire
repentance and tzedakah, or righteousness. By praying
and confessing as a community, in the first person plural,
we reaffirm the rabbinical dictum “All of Israel are
responsible for one another.”
Every year when the Temple was in existence,
the Kohen Gadol would pray on Yom Kippur for the
well being of all the People of Israel. My prayer for
the coming year is that it be one of health and prosperity
for us all, and a year of peace in the Land of Israel
and throughout the world.
From D’vorah, lian and myself, I’shanah tovah
tikkateivu ut’hateimu.
— Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
Torah is at the foundation of the Jewish people.
It records earliest history; it outlines fundamental laws;
it models significant values and standards of behavior;
it reflects basic truths about human nature; it opens us
to relationship with, and wonder of, the divine. Its
language is the portal to Jewish study, worship and
identity.
Torah study has been vital to Jews for centuries
precisely because it lends itself to search and discovery
by each new generation. The text is accessible on some
level to all individuals. The teacher is, therefore, wise
to act as a patient guide, allowing students to discover
for themselves the meanings and messages of the
Torah.
Our liturgy calls Torah a “tree of life.” Trees sway
to and fro in the wind, but they are firmly rooted in the
ground. Trees can shelter us from rain, satisfy our
senses with sweet fruit, delightful fragrance, rustling
leaves, and ever-changing beauty. Similarly, a
knowledge of Torah can root us firmly in Jewish
tradition and keep us from being blown about by the
changing currents of modem life. Torah study can
satisfy our need for beauty and poetry, a sense of
identity, relevance and meaning.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the
process that is Torah. Through their dedication and
devotion, we have achieved a high level of participation
in reading Torah. The commitment and encouragement
of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will
ensure that this quality standard will be maintained for
future generations to come. I would like to thank Ted
Gross for his many years of guidance and
encouragement as well as all of our teachers for their
continued support and cooperation and wish you all a
heartfelt.
Shanah Tovah,
Scott Zimmerman
9
===== PAGE 12 =====
Personnel
Administrative Staff
InezAchord
Accounts Receivable
Receptionist
Dereen Murray
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
Iff'" :"v'' '
Peggy Organes
Publicity & Publications
Lori Schoettler
Assistant Administrator
Judy Paul
Assistant Receptionist
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Margo’s Catering
Your simcha is in good hands with Margo’s. From planning to
presentation, you’ll appreciate the professional touches that the catering
staff brings to every event. The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent. The ambiance is always inviting. Best of all
congregants can count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be helpful, friendly
and reassuring. It’s a pleasure to plan a party or congregational program at
the Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah, wedding or other occasion,
you can trust Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
Margo, Catrina and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
The maintenance and housekeeping staff works diligently to keep our building
clean and presentable at all times. Richard Ford, our facilities Supervisor, takes
pride in his staff, and devotes much of his time to taking care of all the physical needs
required by the many events which take place throughout the year. Volunteers, event
planners and Center staff appreciate the special attention they receive from the
Richard Ford maintenance department. Richard and his staff offer invaluable support to the members
Facilities Supervisor of our congregation.
10
===== PAGE 13 =====
Administration
Executive Director’s Message
As its name implies, The
Jacksonville Jewish Center, strives
to be at the “center” of your Jewish
life.
Never before has a synagogue
community been as important to the
individual Jew as it is today. We live
in a world of increasing complexity
and uncertainty, with great spiritual
and educational challenges.
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Family Education Program, as well
as to our Purim and Hanukkah
celebrations. Enjoy the camaraderie
of the Men’s Club and the warm
companionship of Sisterhood. Join
the Bikkur Cholim committee and
help uplift those who have taken ill.
Not only can the Center touch
your life, but by your participation,
you will touch the lives of others in
the best sense of our tradition.
Given that backdrop, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s mission is to be a place that supports its
congregants with love and compassion, provides a
safe haven for our children and addresses the
profound spiritual yearnings of its members.
As we begin the New Year 5765 we do so
with great hope anticipation. We say Baruchim
haBayim to Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner and Dr. Judy
Stoner and their families.
There are so many opportunities for the
Center to touch your life. This year, attend Shabbat
services, a daily minyan and enroll in an adult
education program. Enjoy a festival dinner in the
Goldman Sukkah or the Congregational Seder.
Consider sponsoring a kiddush, a Center Bulletin
or a shalosh seudot to mark a special occasion.
Coach a team in our Youth Basketball League or
call the office to volunteer one afternoon a week.
You can have fun and support Jewish education
by playing in the JJC Golf Classic and/or buying a
raffle ticket. Enrich your Jewish soul by attending
the Safer Shabbaton and Setzer-Levit Lecture
series. Bring your children to the Setzer-Levit
During the course of the coming year, we will
also have an opportunity to say thank you to Willard
Kennedy, who will be retiring as the principal of
our Solomon Schechter Day School after more than
22 years. Mr. Kennedy’s vision has guided the
school to its lofty status, and it is more than fitting
that we will be dedicating this year’s Raffle For
Education in his honor.
Edith, Sam, Max and I wish you a New Year
of happiness, health and peace.
— Bruce Horovitz
11
===== PAGE 14 =====
Best Wishes
for a healthy, happy
and prosperous New Year
Linda Diamond Weinstein
Commercial Lines Account Executive
TPRsrry
•r INSURANCE /
3342 Kori Road, Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone:(904)268-7310 • Fax:(904)268-2801
www.jpperry.com
COMMERCIAL LINES • PERSONAL LINES
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS • FINANCIAL SERVICES
12
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
President’s Message
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is
alive and well. During the past year,
additional improvements have been made
to our great facilities. Some were
cosmetic, but many were necessary in order
to maintain a safe and comfortable building
to house all of our programs. Since 9/11
we have been forced to upgrade our
security and to make physical changes that
will also enhance security. I want to also
thank our immediate Past President, Philip
Bloom for his great leadership and
overseeing the many improvements to our
facilities.
The Center is fortunate to now have two new excellent
professionals to lead our programs and provide for our
religious needs. Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner has assumed the
position of Head Rabbi and will be a tremendous asset to
our congregation. Please make yourself known to Rabbi
Lubliner and also introduce yourself to his wife, Susan,
and their lovely children.
Dr. Judy Stoner has also joined our congregation as
our Director of Education. She is responsible for all of
the education programs at the Center and she brings many
years of experience and Jewish knowledge to our
congregation. Please introduce yourself to Judy. Even if
you do not have children in any of our schools, you will
appreciate knowing Judy and her ability to lead all of our
educational programs.
Our congregation is now poised to move forward
with new and exciting programs. We will also maintain
our current programs and make improvements where
necessary. We need the support of our entire congregation,
and by support, we need both financial and congregational
participation. We need to make sure that the proper funds
are made available for our programs and that we spend
these funds wisely. We also need to participate and attend
events at our congregation such as Shabbaton, Performing
Artists Series, Setzer-Levitt Lecture, and Adult Education
Programs.
Membership is the life blood of our congregation.
Every member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is on the
Membership Committee and we all need to help sign up
new members. Please do your part and talk up the benefits
and the advantages of being a member of our congregation.
If you have any questions, please contact our Executive
Director, Bruce Horovitz, or me and we will be able to
arrange meetings with prospective new members.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has
daily minyans or Shabbat and Festival
Services every day of the year. This has
also been a great asset when talking to some
new members. It is very important that
we continue these daily minyans and we
need your assistance in attending minyans
periodically so that those persons saying
Kaddish for a departed loved one will have
the opportunity to do so with a minyan.
The High Holidays are a time for
reflection over the past year and a time to
decide what you can and will do for the
New Year. Thank you to everyone who
supported the Center and the programs at the Center this
past year. Please put the Jacksonville Jewish Center in
your plans for this year and the future and we will be even
more successful.
On a personal note, my year has been filled with
many high points including my engagement and marriage
to Nancy. I have also achieved the ultimate position at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and I appreciate your
confidence in selecting me for this position. I have been a
member of this congregation since birth and I always had
strong feelings and worked hard to help make the Center a
great congregation. I appreciate the support of my family
and friends and I know that I can continue to count on
them. I also need your support to accomplish the best for
our congregation. I want to give a special thanks to my
loving wife Nancy for being so supportive of me and urging
me to accept the Presidency. Nancy and my Mother of
Blessed Memory kept telling me that now was the time to
further serve the Center. Best wishes for a healthy and
happy new year from Nancy and me.
L’Shana Tova,
Seeman Zimmerman
Seeman Zimmerman
President
13
===== PAGE 16 =====
2004-2006 Board of Directors
Lawrence Ansbacher
Stephen Goldman
Leonard Magid
Neil Sandler
Larry Appel
Rhoda Goldstein
Leonardo Maiman
David Schmerer
David Bailys
Aaron Gottlieb
Sonya Morris
Minnie Schreiber
Claudia Baker
Stuart Herman
Karen Morse
Linda Schuster
Debbie Banks
Mike Herring
Morrie Osterer
JuneShenkman
AbeBielski
Dr. Joseph Honigman*
RickPlotkin
Michael Shorstein*
Shirley Bielski
Wendy Honigman
Marsha Pollock*
Robin Shorstein
Daniel Blankstein
Annetta Komblum
JimRichman
Edward Tannen
Bob Bossen
Eugene Komblum*
David Robbins
JoanWaitz
MotiDemii
Polina Koropova
Sam Rogozinski
Sumner Waitz
Helen DuBow
Mark Kraemer
Joanne Rosenberg
Ely se Whitman
Dr. Lawrence Goldberg
Fred Kupperman
Perrin Rubin
Josh Whitman
Phyllis Goldberg
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Barbara Safer
Dr. Bruce Yergin
Ira Goldfield
Sue Levine
Eliot Safer
David Zavon
Morrie Zimmerman
'past president
===== PAGE 17 =====
2004-2006 Center Officers
Seeman Zimmerman
President
Philip Bloom
Chairman of
the Board
Cheryl Plotkin
VP/Education
Sandy Zimmerman
VP/Finance
Michael DuBow
Vice President at Large
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President at Large
Russell Selevan
Vice President at Large
Leonard Setzer
Vice President at Large
Kathy Osterer
Secretary
Beth Shorstein
Financial Secretary
Harris Rittenberg
Treasurer
— Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is made up all of the officers shown above and the following:
Etta Fialkow
Susan DuBow
* Sheldon Gendzier
Joan Levin
DrewMargol
* Jeffery Morris
Joel Morris
Jay Plotkin
FredPozin
Dr. Marco Rand
Dr. Abe Rogozinski
Jeanine Rogozinski
Alan Rosner
Dr. Barry Setzer
*Mark Shorstein
*EvanYegelwel
* Past President
15
===== PAGE 18 =====
F&st Presidents
Philip Bloom
Stuart Hecht
Wilbur Margol
Sol Proctor
Evan Yegelwel
Lawrence DuBow
Joseph Honigman, M.D.
Charles Mizrahi
Sheldon Gendzier
Eugene Kornblum
Jeffery Morris
Burton Grossman
Nathan Krestul
Marsha Pollock
Jack Shorstein
Mark Shorstein
Michael Shorstein
1901 -1904 *Max Frank
1905 *H. Hammerman
1906-1910 *Isaac Davis
1911-1922 *Elias H. Pilton
1923-1926 *David Moscovitz
1927 *Jacob Lapinsky
1927-1929 *Harry Finkelstein
1930-1937 *Max Rubin
1938-1939 ♦David Moss
1940-1943 *Abe Newman
1944-1946 *Harry Gendzier
1947-1948 *Joseph Hackel
1949 * Harry Leff
1950-1951 * Philip Selber
1952 ♦Philip Bork
1953-1955 ♦Philip Selber
1956-1957 *Ralph Mizrahi
1958-1960 Burton Grossman
1961-1962 *Judge Louis Safer
1963-1965 *Philip Selber
1966-1967 * Jack Becker
1968-1969 ♦NathanFriedlin
1970-1971 Wilbur Margol
1972-1973 Jack Shorstein
1974-1976 Charles Mizrahi
1976-1978 Sheldon Gendzier
1978-1980 Lawrence DuBow
1980-1982 Nathan Krestul
1982-1984 Sol Proctor
1984-1986 Dr. Joseph Honigman
1986-1988 Eugene Kornblum
1988-1990 Marsha Pollock
1990-1993 Jeffery Morris
1993-1996 Stuart Hecht
1996-1998 Evan Yegelwel
1998-2000 Mark Shorstein
2000-2002 Michael Shorstein
2002-2004 Philip Bloom
♦deceased
===== PAGE 19 =====
A Message from the Chairman of the Board
As I look at the state of at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, l am happy to
report that it is good. The energy level at
the Center is high and we have the right
team of professionals and leaders in place.
Our congregation is vibrant and the future
of our synagogue is in good hands. Our
new rabbi, Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, and
our new Director of Education, Dr. Judy
Stoner, are ready to take the Jacksonville
Jewish Center to the next level. In the short
time that I have worked with them I have
been impressed with their professionalism and their
commitment to Jewish education and Jewish values.
I also welcome our new president, Seeman
Zimmerman. Seeman’s lifetime commitment and
involvement with the Jacksonville Jewish Center brings
a historical perspective and deep understanding of the
Center that will help Rabbi Lubliner and Dr. Stoner in
their transition year and will keep the Center on our path
towards excellence.
Our Solomon Schechter Day School continues to
provide an excellent Jewish education from kindergarten
through eighth grade. Our Early Childhood Department
provides all of the needs for teaching and caring for our
youngest children. Our Religious School was recently
recognized as a “Framework of Excellence” school by
United Synagogue for meeting rigorous standards in
religious and family education, programming and
curriculum.
Center Men’s Club and Sisterhood
continue to be recognized on a regional
and national level for the many
outstanding programs they create and
support. Our youth groups are active and
their members participate in great
numbers in Camp Ramah, USY on
Wheels and USY Israel Pilgrimage.
Lifecycle events occur weekly at
our synagogue. Most are happy, but
some are sad. Our professional and
caring staff and volunteers do a wonderful job of meeting
the needs of the congregation. Our beautiful and spacious
campus contains a campground, several schools and a
building that is truly multi-functional. Margo’s Catering,
our in-house kosher caterers, prepare dinners, school and
camp meals, and delicious Kiddush pastries.
With so many good things in place, it is imperative
that we maintain our ability to fund the many programs
that are offered. For the past year leadership has worked
on identifying the short and long term financial needs of
the Center and a plan to fund these needs. As a
Congregation, it is vital that every member participate in
these long-term commitments to the financial security of
our synagogue.
In closing, I would like to recognize the outstanding
efforts and dedication of Mr. Willard Kennedy, who will
be retiring at the end of this school year after twenty-
two years as Principal of our Solomon Schechter Day
School. We wish him all the best and extend a hearty
yasher koach on a job well done.
Philip Bloom
Chairman of the Board
On behalf of my wife, Linda, and our children,
Lauren and Sasha, and from all of us at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, L’Shanah Tovah.
— Philip Bloom
17
===== PAGE 20 =====
General Electric &
FIRST COAST SUPPLY
for the kitchen designed to work for you.
Many of today’s most interesting kitchens have one
thing in common... General Electric appliances. The
reason is simple. General Electric refrigerators,
dishwashers, wall ovens, wine cellars and more offer
almost unlimited possibilities.
Designed for Possibilities - General Electric.
At FIRST COAST SUPPLY, we’ll work to make
the possibilities come true.
Stanley SKantor
President
2523 Edison Avenue • Jacksonville, Florida 32204 • Phone 388-1217
18
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 21 =====
Organizations
Center Choral Society
For over 56 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical
music. Over the years, they have given numerous concerts
featuring members of the choir, as well as nationally acclaimed
soloists. Many of the current members have been singing with this
group for twenty years or more. New members are always
welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733-6979.
2004-2005 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Margaret Fleet, Lois Gosa,
Debby Kaye, Stevie Levine, Karen Morse, Judy Geller
Nevel, David Organes, Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes,
David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Anita
Solomon, Steve Solomon and Rebecca Zapen.
Jewish Singles
The Jacksonville Jewish Center continues to provide
programming for Jewish singles of the community with some
funding from the Jewish Federation. No synagogue affiliation is
necessary, nor are there any dues to be a part of either group.
With the help of Arlene Farrachio and her fine committee, a
45-65 age group has begun again during the past year. Rhoda
Goldstein continues programming and planning for the “20 to 40
Something” group. Programs vary from group to group and each
provides something for everyone. The groups’ activities range
from dinner and happy hours to hikes and plays. Members are
sent schedules, called and emailed about activities, and calendars
are on the Federation’s web site.
To be added to either list, you can call Rhoda at the Center
office, at 292-1000, or email at rhodagoldstein@hotmail.com.
Reach-To-The-Beach
Reach-To-The-Beach
enjoyed its second full year of
providing Jewish culural,
educational and social
programs for Center
members who reside at the
Jacksonville Beaches and other areas outside
of the core synagogue community.
Under the leadership of Carolyn Zisser
and members of the Steering Committee, many
successful events were implemented. Study
sessions with the Rabbi, a Shabbat dinner,
Hanukkah program, and other activities were
enjoyed by a group of participants.
The highlight of the year was a Havdalah
service lead by Rabbi Kentof, followed by
his sharing of heartwarming stories. It was the
largest turnout ever involving young people as
well as adult members.
More and varied programs are in the
works for the coming year. We enthusiastically
invite your participation in planning or just
attending an event. We welcome new and
returning members.
For more information, please call Dereen
Murray, at the synagogue, at 268-4200, ext.
115 or e-mail her at dereen@bellsouth.net. You
may also call Carolyn Zisser, in the evening,
at 246-6684 or e-mail her at zisserlegal.com.
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
Organizations
Center Sisterhood
2004-2005 Sisterhood Board
EDUCATION
Historian/Photographer Blanche Slott
Women’s Minyan Edith Horovitz
Sisterhood Shabbat Cindy Wohl,
Estelle Kritz, Jeanine Rogozinski
Bereavement Robin Morris, Arlene Yegelwel
PTA Liaison
Judaica Shop
Israel/World Affairs
Amy Goodman
Etta Fialkow
Wendy Honigman
PROGRAM
Chai Lites
Publicity
Night Program
Circulation
RSVP
Elissa Vining
Peggy Organes
Randi Rogozinski
Perrin Rubin
Hilda Lewit
TORAH FUND
Torah Fund Cards Elaine Mack
YOUTH
Hamantaschen Baking Stella Finck
_i T17 , ... j j j - , — past president, Jeanine
The Women s Minyan, led by Lois lompkins, Rogozinski
was an inspiring celebration of Rosh Hodesh.
WAYS & MEANS
New Year’s Flowers Michelle Margol,
Jeanine Rogozinski
Leagrams Svetlana Goldiner, Peggy Organes
Donor Program Robin DeCrispino,
Etta Fialkow, Debbie Fialkow,
Fundraiser Gayle Bailys
PAST PRESIDENTS’ COUNCIL
Sybil Ansbacher, Shirley Bielski, Ellen
Freedman, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara
Jaffe, Annetta Kornblum, Kathy Osterer,
Marsha Pollock, Jeanine Rogozinski, Maxine
Romo, Betty Rose, Barbara Safer, Bonnie
Sandler, Shirley Schinasi,
Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott.
A few of the many Torah Fund supporters.
Shirley Bielski received the Horty T. Gendzier
Woman of Achievement award from
Gayle Bailys, Torah Fund chair.
Many Center Sisterhood members were in attendance for the installation of Phyllis
Goldberg (front, center) as Florida Branch president.
20
===== PAGE 23 =====
Organizations
Center Sisterhood
Shalom,
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood is a wonderful
group to invest your heart, energy, and time in. Our Sisterhood
provides many opportunities for you to grow as a concerned
Jewish woman. We have wonderful educational programming
including Sisterhood Shabbat, Women’s Minyan, Sisterhood
Seminars, and Book Reviews.
BBI
Joanne Rosenberg
President
We are very proud of our newly remodeled Judaica Shop,
one of our main fundraisers. You will be pleased with the wide
selection of Judaic books, art, religious articles, jewelry, and
interesting objects we have available for you. We are able to special order merchandise
for Bar and Bat Mitzvahs, weddings and births. Our volunteer staff is always looking for
more members. Please call Etta Fialkow if you have a few hours to donate. It is another
great way to make new friends.
Our fundraising projects, including Hamantaschen baking and sales, New Years
Cards, New Years Flowers, Leagrams, Nachas Tax, Donor and much more, support our
synagogue’s Building Fund, Education and Youth Departments, summer camp and summer
college travel scholarships. This year we were able to donate a gazebo to the Preschool
Playground and shelving for the Henry Kramer Library.
The Women’s League Torah Fund Campaign supports and enhances The Jewish
Theological Seminary of America, the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies, and the
Schechter Institute for Jewish Studies, which provide Jews worldwide with the opportunity
to study and learn. Benefactors receive a beautiful pin in appreciation of their generous
contribution. This year the Torah Fund Pin is “Tikvah-Hope,” designed by Eytan Brandes.
We were pleased to honor Shirley Bielski as the recipient of the Horty T. Gendzier Award
at our annual Torah Fund Luncheon, last March.
Membership in Sisterhood continues to grow. Our luncheon meetings are well
attended and provide a wide range of interesting and entertaining programs. Sisterhood
has something to offer women of all ages.
— 2004-2005 Officers —
President
Joanne Rosenberg
Education VP
Meryl Rittenberg
Membership VP
Robin Allerdlng
Ways & Means VP
Lita Poehlman
Program VP
Karen Morse
Torah Fund VP
Robin Shorstein
Youth VP
Debbie Banks
Treasurer
Ellen Rosner
Financial Secretary
Missy Frisch
Recording Secretary
Sue Levine
Corresponding See.
Peggy Organes
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Nominating Committee
Jeanine Rogozinski
Our synagogue and Sisterhood was host to the installation of our very own Phyllis
Goldberg as Florida Branch President of Women’s League. It was a beautiful event attended
by Center leaders and congregants, as well as delegates to the Women’s League Spring
Conference. The Setzer Social Hall made an impressive
backdrop for this wonderful event coordinated by Past
President Jeanine Rogozinski.
I look forward to working with a talented group of
officers, committee chairs and members, as well as wonderful
Past Presidents, who are always willing to give advice and
lend a helping hand.
I would like to wish all of you, L’ Shanah Tovah on
behalf of my husband, Sandy, and daughters, Lindsay,
Whitney, and Jillian.
— Joanne Rosenberg
Joanne’s family shared her nachas at the
Installation of Officer’s Luncheon
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
Organizations
Men’s Club Man of the Year Banquet
Sheldon Gendzier
The Center Men’s Club 5th annual Man of the Year Event was a huge success
and whole lot of fun as we roasted and toasted our honoree, Sheldon Gendzier.
The Men’s Club thanks the many Patrons, Friends and Special Contributors who
helped to make this such a successful event. The proceeds support the “Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund”. A special thanks goes to this year’s program
chairman, Dave Schmerer, and the rest of the planning committee, and of course
to Sheldon for being such a good sport.
Men of the Year ( l to r) Moti Demri, Evan
Yegelwel, Sheldon Gendzier, Jeffery Morris
and Neil Sandler
Men’s Club Yad Shel Chai Award
In 1998, Center Men’s Club instituted this award-winning program to
encourage youngsters to continue reading Torah after their Bar or Bat
Mitzvah. Teens who read a minimum of 18 {chai) portions by age 18 are
presented with an inscribed Torah pointer (yad) and a certificate. Over the
years, many teens have enrolled in this program, and the following have
received the award: Jordan Allerding, Jeremy Bailys, Sarah Blankstein,
Lauren Bloom, Crista Cohen, Jared Fleet, Aaron Finck, Ben Finck,
Seth Finck, Jared Fleet, Josh Fleet, Mark Frisch, Rachel Gerber,
Mathew Classman, Max Horovitz, Sam Horovitz, Dana Kresel, Debra
Mizrahi, Dena Mizrahi, Jonathan Mizrahi, Aliza Morris, Lindsay Morris,
David Organes, Daniel Passen, Lisa Rand, Avi Richman, Louis Richman,
Sara Richman, Ben Rogozinski, Erin Rogozinski, Jessica Rogozinski,
Josh Rogozinski, Rachel Rogozinski, Debbie Shacter, Jonathan Taimen
and Kyle Yining. For more information regarding this program, contact
Randall Smith at 565-4447.
22
In recognition of their achievement, Yad
Shel Chai recipients receive a certificate
and personalized “yad, ” Torah pointer.
===== PAGE 25 =====
Organizations
Center Men’s Club
_ 2004-2005
Men’s Club Officers
President
Mike Herring
Vice President - Programming
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Vice President - Membership
Jim Richman
Secretary
Bruce Phillips
Treasurer
Judge Don Romo
Board Member
Moti Demri
Bob Fiegelson
Bruce Glassman
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Lenny Magid
Bruce Phillips
Jason Schmerer
Leon Yergin
Past Presidents
IraGrann
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
Sunday morning programs featured
varied and informative speakers.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
Men’s Club is dedicated to the enrichment
of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish
Community. The Men’s Club provides
opportunities for the men of our synagogue
to work together supporting, sponsoring,
and participating in programs that bring
meaning to our slogan, “Involving Jewish
Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member
of the Federation of
Jewish Men’s Clubs, an
international organization
dedicated to the ideals,
philosophy and traditions
of Conservative Judaism.
Through the support of
the FJMC, we distribute
hundreds of Yellow
Holocaust Memorial
candles every Yom
HaShoah to our
congregation. This year
we will be continuing the
successful “Hearing Men’s Voices”
program; a series of workshops dedicated
to creating a forum for discussion and
sharing issues relating to being a Jewish
man in today’s world. These workshops will
cover family, religion, society and health in
thought provoking and fulfilling agendas
led by leading experts and professionals.
We support our youth with
programs like the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of
Life) award that recognizes post-Bar and
Bat Mitzvahs who continue to read Torah.
We present gifts to the Confirmation
students, and a Kiddush cup to every Bar
and Bat Mitzvah. In addition, we donate our
time and financial resources.
greatest part of the Fund, along with a
portion of membership dues. This annual
event, which is full of fun and surprises,
has quickly become a much anticipated part
of our schedule of activities.
We are visible friends of the
Center, with programs like selling and
building Sukkot for our Center families and
helping to decorate and maintain the
Center’s Goldman Sukkah. You can find
Men’s Club members
grilling and serving
refreshments at the annual
Lag B’Omer. ushering at
morning services on
Shabbat and Holidays, as
well as conducting
services on Men’s Club
Shabbat.
These events
have earned our Men’s
Club the First Place and
Honorable Mention Torch
Awards from the Federation of Jewish
Men’s Clubs in years past and we are
actively pursuing new Torch Awards for
community service and other activities.
The Men’s Club is also a great way
for friends to have fun. We have gone on
deep sea fishing trips and had family outings
to sporting events, such as the Jacksonville
Suns baseball and Barracudas ice hockey
games. In the fall, we “kick off’ our new
year with our annual Membership Party,
featuring lunch and raffles, while we watch
the Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game
on the BIG screen TV. Also, our recent pick¬
up softball games have been a huge
success, and we will keep on playing.
Proud Presidents, (l) Dave
Schmerer and (r) Mike Herring
Center Men’s Club established the
Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund
in memory of Horty, who was so
instrumental in assisting children to attend
Camp Ramah or other Jewish enrichment
programs. Every year, we honor the Men’s
Club “Man of the Year” with a “Roast and
Toast” banquet. Proceeds provide the
All this and more is waiting you if
you are at least 18 years old, male, and a
member of the Jacksonville Jewish
community. Join now, we need your help
and appreciate your support!
— Mike Herring
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
FAVORITE
Vi llaRíva
This is living on the St. Johns.
From the $800s to over $2 million
Toll Free (888) 707-8485 • (904) 384-8485
2358 Riverside Avenue
villariva.com
Broker participation welcomed. Prices, plans, dimensions and specifications
subject to change without notice. Void where prohibited by law.
With a superb list of
amenities and details
that make the most of
its commanding position,
VillaRiva in Riverside
offers just 66 condominium
homes of unparalleled
proportion. Sales have
already exceeded
expectations with
occupancy next spring.
24
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 27 =====
Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Greeting people at services with a friendly “Shabbat
Shalom” is a good way to introduce yourself to people and
make newcomers and visitors feel
welcome. We thank Martha Savage for
her many years of dedication to the
Center and to all of the people who
volunteered to greet over the past year.
Thank you to those who were
greeters last year: Stephanie & Allan
Andrew, Caren & Larry Appel, Karen
Appelbaum, Joanne Arinsberg, Carla
& Larry Bernard, Billie & Michael
Bernhardt, Ruchel Broadman, Sharon & Joel Cohen, Robin
DeCrispino, Stacy & David Epstein, Debby Fialkow, Beth
& Michael Fleet, Kim & Kevin Gartner, Svetlana & Yakov
Goldiner, Diane & Allen Gray, Cindy & Bob Handmaker,
Debby & Alan Harris, DiDi & Howard Jarchower, Dodi,
Jordan & Madison Kress, Sue & Mitch Levine, Sue Ann
Blumenthal & Bernie Lipshitz, Kim & Jeremy Millrood,
Betsy & Dennis Mizrahi, Susan & Jeffrey Neadle, Lita &
Ron Poehlman, Shelli & Robert Richter, Joanne & Sandy
Rosenberg, Barbara & Eliot Safer, Dayan & Jeff Sandler,
Martha Savage, Sharon & Jerry Seebol, Mary & Leonard
Selber, Jennie & Marc Selevan, Fran & Russell Selevan,
Missy & Julius Shapiro, Blanche Slott, Rori & Barry
Stevens, Cathy & Dan Wilensky, Cindy & Dan Wohl, Elsie
Yellin.
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten men. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
We thank those who served as minyan captains during
the past year: Jack Bettman, Robert Handmaker, Jack
Mizrahi, Fred Kupperman, David Schmerer, Russell Selevan,
Jack Silverman, Edward Taimen, Evan Yegelwel, David Zavon,
Sandy Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish when
you mourn or observe yahrzeit. We owe the captains not only
our thanks, but also our participation, in order to continue
providing a minyan for each service.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a
week. Call Marco Rand, Religious Committee Chair, at
737-9761.
Religious Committee
Marco Rand, Chairman
As our congregation celebrates the New Year together,
we are looking forward to the start of many years of growth
and learning with Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner. The Religious
Committee is excited to be in the position of helping Rabbi
Lubliner in his move to Jacksonville to become the spiritual
leader of our synagogue. Acting in concert with the Rabbi, it
is the job of this committee to see to it that the rituals of the
synagogue continue to conform to the strong traditions of
our congregation and to the highest standards of the
Conservative movement.
Thanks to the hard work of our Minyan Captains and
regular attendees, the Religious Committee helps to ensure
that the Jacksonville Jewish Center provides a minyan twice a
day for our congregants. The responsibility of making sure
that services run smoothly is a task that usually goes
unheralded. It should be noted, however, that under Bob
Bossen’s leadership, our cadre of Gabbaim continues to
expand. In addition, Edward Taimen has once again taken on
the enormous task of chairing the subcommittee that
coordinates High Holiday honors.
Our committee is looking forward to working with the
congregation and our new Rabbi as we face the many potential
challenges and changes that are ahead of us.
Religious Committee members in 2003-2004 were: Neil
Abramson, Larry Appel, Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Jack Bettman,
Abe Bielski, Daniel Blankstein, Fred Blum, Robert Bossen,
Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis Fleet, Sheldon
Gendzier, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Robert Handmaker,
Wendy Honigman, Joseph Honigman, Norman Kleiman, Iris
Kraemer, Mark Kraemer, Fred Kupperman, Mitchell Levine,
Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, Marco Rand, David Schmerer,
Leonard Selber, Joseph Shacter, Mark Shorstein, Karen
Southall, Edward Taimen, Dan Wohl.
— Marco Rand
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and Festivals,
friendly volunteer members serve as ambassadors to Center
congregants by helping with seating, guiding and acknowledging
newcomers, and welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers help to
maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves the beauty of the
service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were our ushers
throughout the year: Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbaum, Scott
Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris, Carl Passen,
Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman, Abe Rogozinski, Sandy
Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David Schmerer,
Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Randall
Smith, Steve Solomon and Tom Spriggs.
25
===== PAGE 28 =====
Borland - Groover Clinic Wishes You a Lifetime of Good Health
Excellence in Digestive Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
M.Akin Cabi, M.D.
Mark R. Fleisher, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
ToddL. Sack, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Antony G Maniatis, M.D.
Michele A. Carter, M.D.
Nydial. Sanchez, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Jeffrey S. Hoffman, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkom, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Borland-Groover Clinic has 7 Convenient Office Locations
836 Prudential Drive
Suite 801
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
(904)288-0433
1883 Kingsley Avenue
Suite 1100
Orange Park, Florida 32073
(904)264-9797
1610 Barrs Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32204
(904)381-9361
1801 Barrs Street
Suite 920
Jacksonville, Florida 32204
(904)381-9393
1375 Roberts Drive
Suite 204
Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
(904)247-0056
3627 University Blvd. South
Suite 410
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
(904)398-1367
1340 South 18th Street
Suite 101
Femandina Beach, Florida 32034
(904)261-0878
Our Office Hours are 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday
It is our privilege to be a part of your specialized medical care.
26
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 29 =====
Committees
Membership
A series of “Special Sunday”
programs began in September with a
High Holiday workshop. Those in
attendance learned holiday table
decorating tips like the fine art of
napkin folding. There were children’s
crafts and a most delicious treasure
of our heritage.. .challahbaking with
our own Stella Finck.
The year began with a New Member Social,
eld in August at the beautiful home of Etta
Fialkow.
New and
prospective
members
had an
opportunity to get
acquainted with each
other and longstanding
congregants.
The Membership Committee joined with the
Center Religious School, Men’s Club and Youth
groups for a Sukkah building party in October.
There were lots of arts and crafts, music and
munchies. We even learned the proper way to
“shake your lulav.”
Hanukkah was doubly fun this year with
two wonderful activities. Back by popular demand, the
Hanukkah Arts & Crafts Bazaar was a huge success. Once
again, Rhoda Goldstein brought in a great group of crafters.
No one went away empty-handed - or hungry. We ate lotsa
latkes, provided by Margo’s Catering. Thanks go to those
who made this event so successful. Look for another exciting
fair this year.
Karen Morse,
Membership Chair
It’s hard to believe that another year has
te and gone. And what a year it was! Our
dworking Membership Committee presented a
ie variety of activities and programs that were
joyed by young and old.
In October we held a New Members Shabbat
to welcome those who had recently joined our
congregation. We are pleased that so many of
them have become active in our synagogue life
and now consider themselves “old-timers.”
On the third night of Hanukkah, our Menorah-lighting,
Movie & Munch was packed-out. Young and old enjoyed a
bagel nosh while watching the animated movie, “Finding
Nemo.” Everyone asked that we do it again, so we held a
summertime Dinner & A Movie, in July.
The Center was overflowing with families at our Purim
“Extrava-ganza Megillah.” In addition to traditional Megillah
readings, the Religious School held a lively, inter-active
Megillah and costume parade led by Edith Horovitz & Scott
Zimmerman, followed by “Shushan Olympics” led by Rabbi
Dov Kentof. The open-air “Persian Camivale” under the
portico featured
crafters, carnival games,
pony rides carnival and
craft fair. Thanks to
Jackie Goldman for
arranging three
fantastic “moonwalk”
activities. Of course, our
Men’s Club cooks
served up great hot
dogs and hamburgers. Thanks go to Peggy Organes for
organizing this wonderful congregational celebration.
Rounding out the Holiday year, Mare Leventhal gave
his comedic view of “Things you never knew about Pesach”
workshop.
This fall promises lots of excitement. Be a part of it.
L’ Shanah Tovah to all of our Jacksonville Jewish Center
family.
— Karen Morse
27
===== PAGE 30 =====
THE VEIN CLINIC
Specializing in the Treatment of:
Varicose Veins offering in office alternatives to stripping procedures
Spider Veins of the legs and face
Photo Facial non-invasive, nondisrupting facial aesthetic procedure.
Effective for Rosacea, facial flushing, spider veins, sun damage,
fine lines and wrinkles.
Laser Hair Removal
Norman S. Cohen, M.D.
5150 Belfort Road, Building 400
Jacksonville, FL 32256
296-VEIN
www.veincure.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 31 =====
Committees
Adult Education
Etta Fialkow, chair
There were many opportunities for adults to study
this year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Sunday mornings, Rabbi Grundfast taught lessons
from the Talmud, using the book Swimming in the Sea
of Talmud as his basic text, and he provided other
materials to enhance the lessons. Joanne Arinsberg
and Etta Fialkow taught basic Hebrew literacy.
A new Adult B’nai Mitzvah Class met every
Monday evening and was well attended by twenty of
our adult members. At the end of this year, the entire
group joined together for Shabbat dinner.
The second annual Setzer-
Levit Family Program featured
Dr. Ellen Frankel, Editor-in-
Chief and CEO of the Jewish
Publication Society, as well as
noted author and lecturer, gave
two presentations on Saturday,
January 10. After speaking at
Shabbat services, Dr. Frankel led
an interactive workshop for
parents and children after lunch on “Jewish symbols.”
Andy Raitt was the chairwoman for this program.
Or Hadash and Nosh took place on Wednesday
mornings following Shacharit. Minyan captain Sandy
Zimmerman provided bagels for the nosh and Rabbi
Grundfast taught about various aspects of Jewish liturgy
found in synagogue services. The new prayerbook
commentary, Or Hadash, was provided by Phyllis
Goldberg and family in memory of her mother, Dorothy
Chamison.
Sisterhood Seminars continued to provide
stimulating discussions on a topic of interest to Jewish
women, monthly on Wednesday mornings. On the second
Wednesday of the month, Rabbi Grundfast offered
Judaism, Torah and Biblical-Lore at a Lunch and Learn
in Rick Plotkin’s law office. The subject matter this
year was “Business Ethics from a Jewish Perspective.”
The evening of January 27,
the annual Setzer-Levit
Memorial Lecture featured
Rabbi Gerald I. Wolpe. His
topic, “How Many Clones Make
a Minyan?” kept everyone
spellbound. Phyllis Goldberg
chaired this wonderful evening.
The annual Safer
Shabbaton Weekend was held
February 27-29 and the scholar-
in-residence speaker was Rabbi
Robert A. Harris, Assistant
Professor of Bible at the Jewish
Theological Seminary. Rabbi
Harris’ warm and witty speaking
style made us smile as we learned
about reading the Jewish Bible. A lovely patrons’ event
was held at the home of Barbara Parker on Saturday
evening. Lita Poehlman chaired the entire weekend
In January and February, the Center’s Adult
Education Committee offered six weeks of study for two
hours each Tuesday night. In the first hour. Rabbi Joseph
Hirsch picked up where he left off last year with a Survey
of Jewish History. Marc Leventhal taught about the
Prophets, the
Heroes of a
Millennium,
and discussed
their universal
and timeless
messages and
their historical
importance.
Lorrain Federman began an Ulpan, a conversational
Hebrew class that continued into the summer.
The second hour classes were varied. Dr. Joe
Honigman explored “What Makes this Joke Jewish”?
Bruce Horovitz, Scott Zimmerman, and John
Anderson held a hootenanny-style sing-a-long. Isabel
Balotin and Ron Elinoff shared their experiences
“Growing up in the Catskill Mountains” that educated
some, and brought back fond memories for the others.
Moti Demri discussed Israeli Current Events with many
interested members.
Peter Stein, shared his experiences as a rabbinical
student at the Jewish Theological Seminary during
Seminary & Men’s Club Shabbat in March.
We are grateful to Moti and
Cindy Demri for bringing Matty
Cohen, Israeli Deputy Counsul
General in Maimi, to speak during
Shabbat services about the real
situation in the Middle East.
— Etta Fialkow
29
===== PAGE 32 =====
4
i*w
ASHFORD SERVICES
‘The Perf erred Floor Specialist of the Jacksonville Jewish Center*
Quality Maintenance of a Variety of Floor Surfaces:
• VCT Tile • Ceramic Tile
• Concrete • Wood
• Gymnasiums
Superior Bathroom Restoration and Grout Line Cleaning
Office
396-7090
Cell
333-7594
Beautiful Homes
Begin Here.
CABINETS • COUNTERTOPS • CARPET
HARDWOOD • TILE • BLINDS
MANDARIN
Kitchens ^¿Flooring
10210-1 San Jose Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32237 - (904) 292-4975 • FAX: (904) 262-0254
30
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 33 =====
Special Events
Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival
of Sukkot. Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On
Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin
anew. An ancient tradition evolved of honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last
reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In our synagogue tradition, we
also honor the contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil, “Woman of Valor”.
Fred Kupperman
Hatan Torah
Fred Kupperman
is a fixture at daily
minyan. Not only
does he attend
every day, but he
is the Minyan
Captain for both
Monday and
Friday afternoons.
Fred spends many hours each week calling
individuals to make up the necessary ten
worshippers. His commitment began in his
youth and continues in retirement, but
now he has time to enjoy kibbitzing each
day, as well.
Fred grew up in an Orthodox home
in New Orleans, Louisiana, in the 1940s.
where he was active in AZA and B’nai
B’rith. He made a commitment to attend
daily minyan that continued throughout
his life.
After graduating from LSU with a
degree in Geological Engineering. Fred
served as a 1st Lieutenant in the U.S.
Army in Germany. Upon his discharge,
Fred went back to New Orleans, where
he met Marilyn Fletcher, from
Jacksonville, whom he married in 1959.
Raising a family in Jacksonville,
Fred worked hard, first at Jax Metal
Shredding, and then as a contractor, but
he still found time to become involved
at the Center. He often picked up older
members of the congregation and drove
them to 3rd and Silver to attend minyan.
Over the years, Fred has served on the
Center’s Board and on Religious and
Cemetery Committees. He currently
serves the community as the Vice
President of the Hevrah Kaddisha.
Fred is a devoted husband, father,
grandfather and friend to so many. Mazel
tov to Fred, Marilyn and their children
Greg Kupperman, Keith & Katherine
Kupperman and grandson A.J.
Moti Demri
Hatan Bereshit
Moti Demri has
the enthusiasm
and can-do spirit
one would expect
of a youthful
synagogue leader.
When a volunteer
is needed, Moti
says yes, first,
and asks questions later. His warm smile
and hardy handshake are readily offered
to all. He revels in the simchas of
others and takes Israeli dancing to a
whole new level.
Moti was bom in Safed, Israel. He
served for six years in the Israeli
Defense Force, rising to the rank of
Master Sergeant. Later, he completed
his education, receiving a degree in
computer science.
After Moti met and married
Cindy Proctor, the couple moved to her
native Jacksonville, where he quickly
became active in Jewish community
life. On any given Shabbat morning,
Moti can be seen walking between
synagogues on his way to read Torah
or participate as needed. An expert in
computer software design, Moti is a
manager at Citicorp, where he heads the
software testing department.
A member of the Center Board,
Moti has been a member of the
Religious, Education, Youth and
Recreation Committees. He has been
involved with Boy Scout Troop 14,
taught Hebrew school and coached
basketball. Moti works closely with the
Israeli Consulate to bring information
and guest speakers to our community.
Moti was honored last year as the
Center Men’s Club Man of the Year, a
well-deserved distinction. Mazel tov to
Moti, Cindy and their sons, Michael
and Ori, who shared this honor.
Robin Morris
Woman of Valor
Robin Morris is
the very model of
a modem Ayshet
Hayil, Women of
Valor. She is
bright, educated,
charming, a
devoted mother
and wife, a
popular Judaica teacher, avid volunteer
and dedicated Jew. Her home is always
open to newcomers in our community.
Bom in Denver, Colorado, Robin
received a Bachelors degree in Jewish
Studies from Newcomb College of
Tulane University in New Orleans. She
was the first student to receive a
Master’s degree in Jewish Education
from Spertus College of Judaica in
Chicago and she attended Hebrew
University in Jerusalem.
Robin met husband, Jeffery, in
New Orleans and came to his native
Jacksonville to begin not only married
life, but a long commitment to Jewish
life in our synagogue. A much loved
Judaica teacher in Center schools for
26 years, Robin adds a humorous
American twist to Hebrew programs to
make them memorable. Her happy
outlook and generous nature make her
a natural ambassador for our synagogue.
Attuned to women’s issues, she
has served on the boards of Center
Sisterhood and National Council of
Jewish Women, and was co-President
of Shir Li Hadassah and the
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah.
Active in community concerns, Robin
is on the Advisory Council of the Jewish
Healing Network, a member of
Wolfson’s Children’s Hospital Auxiliary
and an active Mitzvah Clown.
Mazel tov to Robin, Jeffery and
their children, Shira, Aliza and Zach.
31
===== PAGE 34 =====
We Thank Our Generous Supporters
Marilyn Sandler Honored
for Service to Jewish Education
Benefactors:
The DuBow Family
Sue & Mitchell Levine
The Selevan Families
Royal Patrons:
Wachovia Bank
Zimmerman Families
Grand Patrons:
Alan & Debby Fialkow
Gottlieb Families
Itera International Energy Corp
M.G & Donna Orender
Herb & Roslyn Plotkin
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Wachovia Securities-
The Jaffee Group
The Witten -Funk families
Patrons:
Caren & Larry Appel
Shirley & Abe Bielski
Merle & Ronnie Cherry
Mike DeSanto
Dena & Howard Fetner
Linda & Nathan Franzblau
Liz & Harvey Gartner
Phyllis & Larry Goldberg
Ira E Goldfield, clu,ch fc
Amy & Jon Goodman
Madeline & Stuart Hecht
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Eva Jackler
Sheila & Leo Jacobson
Sharon & Stanley Kantor
Brenda & Ron Katz
Francine & Jim Kempner
Mimi & Mickey Kersun
Laurette & Mark Kessler
Lynn & Warren Kluger
llene & Jeff Levenson
Phyllis & George Levin
Ron & Joan Levin
Sam & Michael Levin
Tracy & Oren Margol
Jo & Alan Marks
Judy & Ed Mizrahi
Patrons:
Faye & Steven Mizrahi
Robin & Jeff Morris
Carol & Joel Morris
Wendy & Fred Pozin
Howard Roey
Jeanine & Chaim Rogozinski
Ellen & Allen Rosner
Diane & Mitchell Rothstein
Perrin & Devon Rubin
Ellen & Rob Schnipper
Ellen & Barry Setzer
Judy & Jack Shorstein
Bud Shorstein
Shorstein & Kelly
Judy & Steve Silverman
David & Linda Stein
Rori & Barry Stevens
Elyssa & Scott Vining
Risa & Steve Warfield
Dianne & Jerry Weitzen
Elyse & Josh Whitman
Lisa & Bud Wolfson
Arlene & Evan Yegelwel
The Rabbi David Gaffney Excellence
in Education Award was presented to
Marilyn Sandler, for her 34 years of
involvement with the children of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Marilyn began
as a teacher in the Foundation School, became
the principal of the Solomon Schechter Day
School and then became the director of our
Preschool and Day Care. She richly deserves
this honor and the appreciation of hundreds
of Center children and parents.
Award recipient Marilyn Sandler (left)
and Honorary chair, Sheila Jacobson,
draw a lucky ticket.
2004 Raffle for Education Committee
The appreciation of the entire congregation goes to the hard working
committee who spent several months planning the evening, securing donors,
selling tickets and seeing to every detail of this wonderful raffle. They are: Abe
& Shirley Bielski, Alan & Debby Fialkow, Ira & Marilynn Goldfield,
Arthur and Rhoda Goldstein, Gene & Annetta Kornblum, Ronnie &
Marsha Pollock, Nathan & Marilyn Sandler, Ken & Sheryl Sekine, and
Marty & Randee Steinberg. Special thanks go to those who helped with
mailing, decorating, and most important of all, ticket sales.
32
===== PAGE 35 =====
Special Events
2004 Center Raffle for Education
“Purim with Pizzazz -
Education and all that
Jazz” was indeed a jazzy
celebration befitting the eive
of this* colorful festival The
Center was jumpin’ with non-stop
entertainment, fabulous food and dessert presentations,
dazzling decorations and a wonderful raffle program attended
by nearly 500 people.
6Dvafcfi ^
‘■'M§
The evening, dedicated to fun arid fund-raising, was a major success due to the many Benefactors, Patrons
and ticket purchasers who sa generously -supported it. Anear record-breaking total was raised to benefit the
Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs that provide enhancements to all Center school programs.
Honorary chairs of the 2004 Raffle for Education,Sheila Jacobson, Linda
DuBow and Alan Gordon, were the pioneers of'this annual event and were
recognized for their insight and dedication in creating this major Center fundraiser.
As a token of appreciation, each received a beautiful, Gary Rosenthal grogger,
appropriately mounted and inscribed.
Honorary chairs, Alan Gordon
and Linda DuBow
With the help of our ever-ready and funny emcee, Laurie DuBow, the
presentations and ticket-pulling were very entertaining. The
lucky winners of the grand prize of $10,000were Sandra &
Martín Weiss. Winners of the round trip ticket for 2 on Air
Tran were Polina Koropova & Yefim Brunfon. Two $500
prizes went to Mitch & Sue Levine and Michael & Sam Levin. A Jaguar Party for 10
people was won by Robyn & Wayne Waring, and
the weekend at Ponte Vedra will be enjoyed by Carla
& Larry Bernard. Many other prizes were
awarded, and everyone went home a winner with a
Laune DuBow shalach manot bag and memories of a wonderful event.
Throughout the evening, raffle-goers enjoya! jazz provided by the UNF
Jazz Group and the P.M. Experience, singers from Bravo Restorante, mime
performances by students from the LaVilla School of the Arts Drama
Department and an amazing magician.
Grand prize winners,
Sandra & Martin Weiss
Kudos to: the students of the Etgar class and their teachers, Judy
Reppert and Scott Zimmerman, who created fabulous Purim masks that hung throughout the building; the
Solomon Schechter Day School art classes and teacher, Crista Blain-Coffing, who decorated glass vases
for the table; Allen Ruby, whose professional flair made the ambience sensational; Margo’s Catering, for an
outstanding presentation of delectables and desserts; Richard Ford and his staff, Inez Achord, Lori Schoettler
and other members of the administrative staff for their support.
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
THE GATE'
GOVERNORS
CLUB
The Gate Petroleum
Company of Jacksonville is proud to
own and operate four of the most
prestigious private membership clubs in
Florida- the Ponte Vedra Inn & Club, Epping
Forest Yacht Club, The Lodge & Club and The
River Club. From his premier portfolio of clubs,
an exciting membership has evolved . . . The
Gate Governors Club.
A membership in the Governors Club makes
it possible to enjoy privileges at any
combination of two or more clubs within the
Gate family. Club combinations are packaged
and attractively priced creating a tremendous
value.
Governors Club members enjoy such diverse
features as a world class marina, Atlantic Ocean
beaches, championship golf, tennis, fitness and a
luxury spa. A variety of outstanding restaurants
and an exciting social calendar makes this
membership a desirable choice.
For more information on membership
opportunities and benefits available with the
Gate Governors Club, please call
(904) 739-7200. We welcome your call.
34
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 37 =====
We Gratefully Acknowledge
Our Community Sponsors
Founding Sponsors
JácBíéffiville
•s*Bank
«wwiinfc .l.liJt
and The Gottlieb Family
Event Sponsor
Merrill Lynch
Front 9 Sponsor
Wachovia Bank
Back 9 Sponsor
Wachovia Securities -
The Jaffe Group
Corporate Sponsors
Becker Poliakoff, P.A.
Far East Brokers & Consultants
Nimnicht Cadillac
Raven Transport Company
SouthTrust Bank
The DuBow Family
The Jacksonville Jaguars
Hole Sponsors
Bennett’s Business Systems
Blosam Construction
Capitas Financial
Comfort Keepers
Greene-Hazel & Associates
Hardage Giddens Funeral Homes
Harris, Guidi, Rosner & Dunlap
The Hecht Family
KC Business Directions
L.R.S., Co.
Dr. Ron & Joan Levin
Liberty Furniture
Maersk SeaLand
Barbara Parker
Reynolds, Smith and Hills, Inc.
The Right Company
The Roey Family
The Rothstein Family
The Shorstein Family
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Vandroff Insurance
Daniel F. Wilensky, Attorney at Law
Special Events
5th Annual JJC Golf Classic
Big Win “Fore ” Jewish Education!
Since 1999, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Golf Classic has raised more
than $130,000 to provide financial assistance to families, regardless of synagogue
affiliation, who desire a Jewish education for their children at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Considered one of the most prestigious
charity golf events, the JJC Golf Classic was again
played at the beautiful Ocean Course at the Ponte
Vedra Inn & Club on Monday, December 15.
Mel & Debbie Gottlieb, Honorary Co-chairs
and Sandy Zimmerman, Tournament Chair, were
proud to dedicate the 2003 JJC Golf Classic to
the memory of Dr. Roy J. Sloat, a lifelong
member and active supporter of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and an avid golfer.
Each year, the community’s response to the Golf Classic is overwhelming.
For the 5th year in a row, the Jacksonville Bank and the Gottlieb Family
were the Title Sponsors of the tournament. Over 85% of our sponsors have
supported this event every year. Merrill Lynch was again the Event Sponsor.
Wachovia Bank was again the Front 9 Sponsor, while Wachovia Securities -
The Jaffe Group was the Back 9 Sponsor. Tournament organizers express
their appreciation to all the
contributors who made this event a
financial success.
Horty T. Gendzier was a
dedicated beacon for Jewish
education and champion of youth at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center and
the community. Once again she was
remembered and appreciated when
this year’s Waterford crystal award,
the “HORTY” was presented to the
tournament champions, the team
from the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Proceeds of this fundraising effort directly benefit scholarships for Jewish
education at the Center.
Credit for this outstanding event goes
to tournament chair, Sandy Zimmerman,
and committee members, Michael
DuBow, Rick Plotkin, Alan Rosner and
Seeman Zimmerman. Game day
volunteers, Linda Bloom, Marcia Jawitz
and Jeanine Rogozinski, helped make
it a great experience for all the golfers.
One of the winning foursomes included
radio personalities, Lex (far left) and
Terry ( far right).
Edith Horovitz presented the “Horty” to the
winners from the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Volunteers, (l to r) Jeanine
Rogozinski and Linda Bloom,
welcomed the players.
35
===== PAGE 38 =====
Charles Z. Mibab
Licensed Mortgage Broker
m CAPITAL
m MORTGAGE
(904) 288-8499
Fax: (904) 288-7889
Cell: (904) 868-4000
cmibab @ cmflorida.com
5150 Belfort Road, Suite 201 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
Jewish National Fund is fighting Israel’s
pfHi
Will You Join Us?
Your donations support:
■ reservoir and dam construction ■ scientific research
■ water recycling programs ■ river rehabilitation
For more information, please contact Uri A. Smajovits or Sue Bengele at
1-888-563-0099
or usmajovits@jnf.org
frfe JNF
NATIONAL FUND
For Israel
Forever
To plant trees in Israel for any occassion, call 1-800-542-TREE (8733)? or visit www.jnf.org.
We accept Visa, MC& AMEX
36
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 39 =====
Special Events
2004 PERÍORMiNq Artíst Seríes
\ V Once again, the Performing Artist Series offered a well-rounded trio of programs. Joan
Waitz, PAS chair, and her committee selected high quality entertainers who captured the spirit of
Jewish culture.
The Series is sponsored in part by Mr. & Mrs. Milton Berman in memory of their sons,
David Randy Berman and Alan Berman, and performances are made possible through the generosity
of other patrons and sponsors.
Beth Schafer was a delightful season opener.
This Florida girl swept the audience into her world
of joy, ruach and song. Beth’s easygoing voice,
engaging smile and spectacular guitar playing held
listeners spellbound. She brought new energy to
beloved liturgy through folk, blues, jazz and rock
melodies.
It was a concert that left families musically
and spiritually uplifted.
BetIi Sc^aFer
Singer - Songwriter - Producer
Sui\dAy, MarcN 14, 2004
Douq CotLer
Musical Humorist
Doug Cotier is a Grammy Award winning singer, songwriter and musician.
From a cantorial family, he used his strong, sensitive voice to capture liturgical
melodies and place them squarely in contemporary songs familiar to everyone.
SuNdAy, ApRil 25, 2004
Doug is also a mensch. He shared his experiences and songwriting
inspirations with the audience like an old friend who had come to visit.
Best of all is his quirky, distinctly Jewish, sense of humor. Babyboomers, like
himself, loved Doug’s parodies of rock ‘n roll tunes like: Help Me Rabbi, Wastin’
Away in Manischevitzville, Be True to Your Shul and Afikomen ‘Round the
Mountain. We all could relate to the clever lyrics about Jewish heroes, holidays
and familiar social situations.
Visions
In Concert with the Solomon Schechter Day School Choir
SuNdAy, MAy 16, 2004
Back by popular demand, Visions, the singing sensation from
Orlando, thrilled us again with their high energy performance. A morning
format, a departure from the usual evening schedule, allowed children
to enjoy the concert with their families. The packed audience was truly
inspired by Visions amazingly rich harmonies and youthful exuberance.
Accompanied by the Solomon Schechter Day School Choir, these
talented college girls really connected with young and old alike. They
sang, they danced, they were fantastic.
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
LOOK AND FEEL FABULOUS FROM HEAD TO TOE
(APPtlU
Salon & Spa
MM 0010701
Hair • Skin • Nails • Massage
Day of Beauty Packages
and Gift Certificates Available
Mandarin
10092-6 San Jose Blvd.
288.0200
once you go,
you get it.
Roosevelt • Mandarin • University
Beaches • Fleming Island • Baymeadows
1 -888-Stein Mart • www.steinmart.com
38
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 41 =====
Special Events
JTS Shin Award Dinner Honored Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Edith Horovitz has been a dedicated Judaica teacher
at the Solomon Schechter Day School for the past 23
years. She developed the Mitzvah Program that has given
hundreds of students early hands-on experience with tikkun
olam in the Jewish and general communities both locally
and state-wide.
Bruce Horovitz’s passion for the Jacksonville Jewish
Center became his profession when he was named
Executive Director of the synagogue in 1996. He is a former
Center Vice President, and served in a variety of leadership
positions over the past 25 years. Bruce was honored as
the Hatan Torah of 5762, for his commitment to the
congregation.
Rabbi Berkowitz (far leftjand Rabbi Davidson (far right)
proudly pose with our honorees.
Over 500 friends, family members, congregants and
collegues gathered to show their esteem for Edith and Bruce
Horovitz, whose leadership is a beacon to the future
success of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
was proud to host the Jewish
Theological Seminary dinner on
Tuesday, May 11, that honored Bruce
and Edith Horovitz as they were
presented with the prestigeous Shin
Award.
Throughout their lives, Bruce and
Edith have immersed themselves in
Jewish life, devoting themselves to a Bruce and Edith Horovitz
variety of Jewish causes. The Shin
Award honors them for demonstrating
their commitment to Judaism and Jewish law through
service to their community, synagogue and the Jewish
Theological Seminary.
The key note speaker, Rabbi
Carol Davidson, Vice Chancellor for
Institutional Advancement at JTS, gave
insights into her own path to JTS and
her deep appreciation of the many
facets of the seminary.
Rabbi Matthew Berkowitz,
JTS guest scholar in Jacksonville and
friend to the Center, spoke of his
personal admiration for Bruce, Edith
and our congregation.
Michael & Helen DuBow (below far left) and Beth
& Mark Shorstein (below far right), committee chairs,
presided over the evening, which included cocktails and a
lavish dinner by Margo’s Catering. They spoke glowingly
of the honorees, revealing personal glimpses into their
longstanding friendships with Bruce and Edith. We thank
the entire committee for a warm and inspiring program.
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
■ fa ai is I’HTi'WWl^WWWW
¿zf^arnfií ÍJ-^^oto^xa^i^.ic
Romantic Weddings
Bar & Bat Mitzvah
Outstanding Family Portraiture
Commercial & Advertising
Members of
S.E. Professional Photographers of America
Professional Photographers Society of N.F.
Florida Professional Photographers
Call Ramfis or Donna Today for
your photographic needs.
268-3044
Ramfis.com
40
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 43 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Harlee Isabel Markowitz
June 26, 2003
parents
Sherri & Scott Markowitz
grandparents
Lois & Ernie Markowitz
Arin Sydney Nathans
July 14,2003
parents
Alyse & Alan Nathans
grandfather
Norman Slaff
Parker Lawrence Balotin
July 15,2003
parents:
Ellen & Scott Balotin
grandparents
Cynthia & Mel Freidlin
Isabel & Allen Balotin
Courtney Renee Oko
July 22,2003
parents
Lynn & Scott Oko
Rebecca Emily Paul
August 18,2003
parents
Jessica & Steven Paul
grandparents
Judy & Herman Paul
great-grandmother
Rubye Safer
Sophia Leila Maidman
August 29,2003
parents
Dr. Elizabeth &
Gregory Maidmain
grandparents
Ellen & Dr. Robert Schnipper
Bradley Morgan Benwick
October 16,2003
parents
Amy & Wes Benwick
grandparents
Judie & Brian Benwick
Benjamin Asher Howard
October 29,2003
parents
Marcia & Michael Howard
grandmother
Diane Greenbaum Gray
great-grandmother
Sylvia Wexler
MLLOOJf DÉCOUtfíU'ns
iíECMLIlíl
Take your next event to new heights!
Gala Affairs/Grand Openings
Corporate Events/Tradeshows
Banquets/Award Ceremonies
Weddings/Receptions
Proms/Reunions/Parties
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
(904) 399-2883
Simchas & Special Celebrations
Start With
Invitations from Marcia Wasserman
28 Years Experience Selling Superb Collections of
Unique and Traditional Personalized Papers
20% DISCOUNT 246-3246
OFF RETAIL PRICE FOR APPOINTMENT
(Your House or Mine)
Billie Ttirner
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
BUSINESS & PLEASURE TRAVEL, INC
JANICE HEISEL
Manager
j Travel
i Services
1060! San jose Blvd, #213
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: 904-262-9911
Fax: 904-262-5707
Toll Free: 800-678-1827
Email: lanicem@wtllcrav.com
Website: www.willtrav.com
525? St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904. 731.4177
Shampoo
I& Condlthnat
Vail Polish,
lipsticks,
Uako Up, Lie.
Terming
Products
2'd [ Twr
"" Accessories
& Brushes
Fine Family Dining
6=g)
Greek Cuisine
Family Owned
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH - 733.1199 FAX 733.1269
□ pen & Days a Week
LUNCH: DINNER
Mon. - Fri Mon. - Sat
11:00-2:30 5:00- 11:00
Expert Printers for ALL your Needs
‘ 4 Color Process
* Continuous Forms
* Business Forms
* Checks
* Foil Stamping
’ Letterhead
* Envelopes
* Brochures
3511 St. Augustine Road • Jacksonville, FL 32207 • (904) 346-3005
42
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 45 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Isabella Jordan Lindenfeld
October 29, 2003
parents
Ali & Ivan Lindenfeld
Anna Gilda Dreher
November 2,2003
parents
Hilda & Francis Dreher
grandmother
Helen Goldman
Tamara Alice Bean
November 7,2003
parents
Tina & Michael Bean
grandparents
Debby & Alan Fialkow
Alec Joel Feinman
November 14, 2003
parents
Rachel & Josh Feinman
grandparents
Barbara Spiwak
Ronald Spiwak
Karina Elizabeth Wolinetz
November 26,2003
parents
Galina & Brian Wolinetz
grandparents
Svetlana & Yakov Goldiner
Danielle Aerin Freedman
December 6, 2003
parents
Felicia & Michael Freedman
grandmother
Ellen Freedman
great-grandparents
Bea & Bud Grossman
Brett Owen Burstiner
December 19, 2003
parents
Cindy & Gil Burstiner
grandparents
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
Hunter Andrew Strumlauf
January 15,2004
parents
Melissa & Lane Strumlauf
grandparents
Phyllis & George Strumlauf
DIAMONDS* HIGH GRADE WATCHES* HANDGUNS
14K GOLD BRACELETS, RINGS & CHAINS
LARGE LOANS OUR SPECIALTY
^QX JWvIvj CO-
525 W. Bay Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
PETER LESNIK
RICHARD LESNIK
(904) 354-5386
(904) 358-1207
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
Traditional Elegance For Over 25 Years
Specializing in Bar & Bat Mitzvah’s,
Weddings and Special Occasions
Happy to Be the Exclusive Caterer
for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
WisJ+wq Everyone a HAppy & HeaItIhy New Year
FIUecJ WiTk WONdERful CElEbRATiONs!
Phone Direct268-4200, ext. 130 or 142—Fax880-8288
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Peri Rose Silverman
January 6, 2004
parents
Risa & Ari Silverman
grandparents
Judy & Steve Silverman
great-grandmother
Miriam Edwards
Ruby Blake Silverman
January 6, 2004
parents
Risa & Ari Silverman
grandparents
Judy & Steve Silverman
great-grandmother
Miriam Edwards
Benjamin Lyle Davis
January 22, 2004
parents
Nancy & Rich Davis
grandparents
Drs. Joanne & Leo Davis
great-grandmother
Jean Cramer
Max David Levenson
March 27,2004
parents
Leslie & Adam Levenson
grandparents
Karen & Philip Adler
Melinda Brooke Linsky
May 5, 2004
parents
Stacie & Sam Linsky
grandparents
Jo & Alan Marks
Megan Ella Sparks
May 24, 2004
parents
Beth & David Sparks
grandparents
Sandra & Martin Weiss
Allie Ryan Bielski
May 27, 2004
parents
Carrie & David Bielski
grandparents
Abe & Shirley Bielski
Leah Isabel Zimmerman
June 14, 2004
parents
Lynn & Sandy Zimmerman
grandparents
Barbara & Lawrence Jaffe
Lanny Zimmerman
(TAUa& .
/y /Entertainment
LUXE LOUNGE
BEAUTY EMPORIUM
Anyone Cm Play Music,
We Entertain!
HAIRCARE • SKINCARE • MAKEUP • FRAGRANCE
X X* “
HISTORIC SAN MARCO
1515 Atlantic Blvd 904.396.4000
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
m & h promotions
"for all your promotional needs"
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Favors
Corporate Events & Promotions
215-938-7188
Cathy’s
Creations
Balloon
Decorating
Cathy
Harrison,
Owner
Banquets
Weddings
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Class Reunions
Proms
Corporate & Gala
Affairs
Professional Balloon
Decorating For All
Your Special Events!
No Job Too Small!
904-246-5580
Mugwump
P R 0 D U C T
"Adding
to Ideas "
THEME PARTIES
RENTAL PROPS
EVENT COORDINATION
www.mugwumpproductions.com
Contact
Barbara Morrow
(904) 398-9971
THE THEME TEAM!'
Let Us Make Your
Event Special
Choose from a vast array of:
• Decorator Linens • Colorful Tents
• Fine China • Tables & Chairs
• Classic Flatware
• Wedding/Catering Accessories
. .. and so much more!
We have qualified staff that can assist you In
planning your special event
KIRBY RENTAL
8711 Philips highway
739-1312 or 1-800-252-1312
46
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Matthew Jarrod Harris
September 5-6, 2003
parents
Debby & Dr. Alan Harris
Elizabeth Anna Goldman
September 12-13,2003
parents
Diane & Nathan Goldman
grandmother
Helen Goldman
Jonathan Albert Rogozinski
October 24-25,2003
parents
Jeanine & Dr.Chaim Rogozinski
grandmother
Ella Rogozinski
Lindsay Elizabeth Cox
October 31-November 1,2003
parents
Dereen Murray & Martin Cox
Samuel Joshua Wyzan
November 7-8,2003
parents
Amy & Dr. Dan Wyzan
grandparents
Ruth & Marvin Cohn
Micah Slade Lewis
November14-15,2003
parents
Arlene & Dr. Ben Lewis
grandmother
Hannah Rosenberg
Manny Ross Shapiro
November 21-22,2003
parents
Michelle & Julius Shapiro
grandparents
Shirley & Norman Shapiro
Arielle Sarah Bernhardt
November 28-29,2003
parents
Billie & Dr. Michael Bernhardt
grandmother
Gertrude Bernhardt
• Elegant Gifts
• All Occasion Cards
• Home Accessories
Distinct Moral Arrangements
Gift Bags, Wrap and Ribbon
Crabtree & Evelyn Products
‘Biad^Ik
i Limos i
Gifts and Cards
Gates of Mandarin Plaza
11362-13 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32223
(904) 288-8511
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Weddings
Anniversaries
Celebrations
Special Events
519-LIMO
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
47
===== PAGE 50 =====
Whether you're planning a Wedding;
Bar or Bat Mitzvah, Birthday Party
or a Special Event, we have the
largest selection of props and
party ideas to handle all your
needs. PR! Productions has
the experience and know¬
how to make your event
flawless and memorable.
Call us, we're here to help.
Special Events
Audio / Visual
Show Production
Theme Decor & Props
Event Planning
Video Production
Graphic Design
PRODUCTIONS
www.priprpductions.corh
Tel; 904398.8179
Fax; 904398.1569
1819 Kings Avenue
i-.Are/Nmittl** Florida T>7(Y7
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Matthew Eden Kingson
December 5-6,2003
parents
Sophie & Stephen Kingson
Stefanie Michelle Levine
January 23-24,2004
parents
Susan & Dr. Mitchell Levine
grandfather
Walter Beissinger
Jacob Benjamin Weiss
December 12-13, 2003
parents
Suzanne & Michael Weiss
Kara Lindsay Levine
January 23-24,2004
parents
Susan & Dr. Mitchell Levine
grandfather
Walter Beissinger
Melanie Weinstein
December 19-20-2003
in Orlando
parents
Debbie & Alan Weinstein
grandparents
Naomie & Bob Bossen
Stephanie Belle Seebol
January 30-31, 2004
parents
Sharon & Jerry Seebol
grandmother
Rochelle Shainbrown
Jacob Ross Robinson
January 16-17,2004
parents
Sharon & Richard Robinson
Emily Nicole Talpalar
January 30-31,2004
parents
Wendy & Mark Talpalar
grandparents
Rochelle Shainbrown
Joan & Ben Talpalar
Michael’s
Formalwear
• FREE Giooms Tuxedo*
• Tuxedo Rentals & Sales
• 39.95 All Tuxedo Rentals
• Suit Rentals
*See Store for Details
REGENCY SQUARE MALL
721-1633
ORANGE PARK MALL
269-2213
Next to JC Penny's
SOUTHSIDE& PHILLIPS
262-2226
Across from Avenues Mall
P)A(R]T(YlL
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies
• Paper & Plastic Plates • Catering Supplies • Theme Decorations
• Collored Napkins • Bulk Goods • Wedding Accessories
• Tablecovers & Skirting • Baking Accessories • Balloons & Helium
• Plastic Drinkware • In-Store Imprinting • Costumes, etc.
6849 St. Augustine Road 737-7700
2024 Kingsley Avenue............. 276-5313
4495 Roosevelt Blvd 388-2004 jP™
11629 San Jose Blvd 880-2000
1388 Beach Blvd., Jax Bch 242-4997
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
4670 Salisbury Road, Jacksonville (904) 296-2222
50
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
I ¡¡¡¡(J
===== PAGE 53 =====
Austin Ezekiel Gartner
February 20-21,2004
parents
Kimberly & Kevin Gartner
Jordan Daniel Koslowski
April 30-May 1,2004
parents
Susan Koslowski
Dr. Harry Koslowski
(904) 553-9296
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Charles Reuben Raitt
March 19-20,2004
parents
Andrea & Marc Raitt
Gabriel William Rosner
March 26-27,2004
parents
Ellen & Alan Rosner
grandfather
Dr. Jack Rosner
Richard Scott Bailys
April 16-17,2004
parents
Gayle & David Bailys
Seth Wolk Karstaedt
May 7-8,2004
parents
Marcelle & Dr. Nolan Karstaedt
Michael Albert Cagan
May 14-15,2004
parents
Laura Cagan
Leonard Cagan
Alyssa Hope DeCrispino
May 21-22,2004
parents
Robin & Scott DeCrispino
grandparents
Debby & Alan Fialkow
Out £r 'Photography
-Heather Barnette
Candid portraits in your choice of settings
rrom intimate event? to corporate affair?
Please view some of my work at:
www.aeocities.com/outaboutphoto
outaboutphoto@yahoo.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
g^vingí^ith Central Florida
llfofíc^ép. I0j Years t
Your *TOTAL SOLUTION* for
Weddings, Birthdays, Bar/Bat Mitzvahs,
Quinceañeras, Anniversaries, Retirement.
www.in3iiWs.cotn
407-772-9000
“YOUR HAPPINESS
IS GUARANTEED"
CITY WIDE
& BEACHES
DELIVERY
3802
BEACH BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207
...because any day
can be a special occasion.
YOUR
n py r”j|
SiÉiéI
fjm¡
Willi
l n h
FLORIST
CALL
398-8601
MSSM
ALL MAJOR CARDS ACCEPTED BY PHONE
1-800-458-KUHN
52
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Zachary Shai Rogozinski
June 4-5,2004
parents
Marjie & Dr. Abe Rogozinski
grandmother
Ella Rogozinski
Craig Adam Herring
August 6-7, 2004
parents
Sherry & Michael Herring
Danielle Slavin
August 13-14, 2004
parents
Regina & Mark Slavin
Michael Steven Appelbaum
May 28-29,2004
parents
Karen & Stuart Appelbaum
Daniel Nathan Abramson
August 20-21, 2004
parents
Linda & Michael Abramson
Sarah Rachel Abaramson
August 20-21, 2004
parents
Linda & Michael Abramson
Lillie Anderson
August 27-28, 2004
parents
Joette & Dr. John Anderson
hr Ftahc flr
UNIQUE ART AND FRAMING
5025 San Jose Blvd.
737-2919
Mon. - Fri. 9-6 - Sat. 10-4
(15% OFF Custom Framing
with mention of Center Yearbook Ad
j
Expires 9/30/05
When Quality Comes First... So Do We
www.mrframeit.com
For the event to remember . . .
choose the entertainment that you’ll never forget.
Anniversaries & Birthdays * Bar & Bat Mitzvahs * Picnics
Corporate Events * Wedding Ceremonies & Receptions
DVD System * State of the art equipment
Formal attite * More than 100,000 titles
Call 904.230.4574
www.yentertaimnent.biz
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
Need To Plan fl special Event?
Dave & Buster's is the premier placé in Jacksonville for Bar/Bat mitzvahs.
For the very best in games and dining, get to Dave and Buster's. We have a
menu full of mouth-watering, chef-prepared dishes, plus the latest in electronic
games and interactive simulators, along with classic games like billiards and
shuffleboard. Dave and Buster's. It's always a good time. Dave and, Buster's
Special Events Team can eliminate the hassles of event planning by providing
you with everything you could possibly need whether your group is 20 or 2,000.
Call our Special Event Team today to make your next event a huge success!
Ice Sculptures .
Party Favors
D.J. services
Themed Events
Mouth-Watering Menus
Scavenger Hunt
Mystery Dinner Theatre •
Merchandise • Shuffleboard
Million Dollar Midway
Bars • Billiards .
Serious Food. Outrageous Fun.
1-95 @ J. Turner Butler Blvd 202 • 904.296.1525
www.daveandbusters.com
54
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Janna Berkman and George Schwartz
June 29,2003
in Lansing, MI
grandparents
Margaret & Dr. Joel Fleet
Rachel Mizrahi and Dr. Craig Morgenthal
August 31, 2003
parents
Judy & Dr. Edward Mizrahi
grandparents
Roslyn & Elliott Horovitz
Joseph Mizrahi
MASTERPIECE
Excellence In Event
Entertainment
&
Videography
Lana Elliott
904-221-1347
MasterpieceEntertainment.com
DANCE BANDS
Variety Swing Jazz Top 40
Oldies Country Tropical Ethnic
DISC JOCKEYS
MCs Party Motivators Karaoke
SOLOISTS
Harp Flute Violin Piano Vocals
Saxophone Violin Trumpet
CLASSICAL ENSEMBLES
Duos Trios Quartets Quintets
DIGITAL VIDEO
Custom Designed Packages
For Your Style & Budget
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
55
===== PAGE 58 =====
Bridal Registry • Fine Jewelry
Engraving • Jewelry Repair
^ftfeddings • Special Occasions
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Judaica Art & Gifts
lobds
Jacksonville’s Finest Gift Center
San Marco Art Co
904
739-2189
We Mail * We Deliver
10601-6 San Jose Blvd.
(Mandarín Landing)
Phone (904) 886-4715
James & Margo Ossi
Owners
■ Press Releases
■ Graphic Design
■ Web Design
■ Custom: Fine Art
■ Art Instruction
Favorite
&tudi©s
1830 Kings Avenue
Jacksonville, FI 32207
904.399.5799
904.399.0308 fax
wtAjiA) .^<wo\¿te¿£uc(¿o¿,.cofvi
56
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Kimberly Thall and Jeremy Millrood
November 16, 2003
parents
Helene & Edwin Thall
Lisa Thomas and Dr. Dorone Manasse
November 16, 2003
mother
liana Manasse
Paradise...at an Affordable Price.
COMFORT INN - OCEANFRONT
1515 North First Street • Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
Paradise...at an Affordable Price! (904) 241 -2311 or 1 -800-654-8776
• All rooms oceanfront/ ocean view with
spacious, private balconies
• Four waterfalls cascade into a 120 ft.
heated pool from sculptured rock formation
• Our hot pool spa features an oceanfront
garden grotto
• Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast
• Full-service banquet facility for Bar-Bat
Mitzvah, wedding and other celebations
• Kokomo's Beach Bar & Deck,
Oasis Restaurant
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
57
===== PAGE 60 =====
Best Wishes F or A Happy New Year
with deep appreciation to all my friends
that Lave been so loyal to me
Specializing in
Bar & Bat Mitzvahs
Cakes for Weddings
and All Oth er Occasions
Baked to Order ky Appointment Only
Phone 744-6799 or 744-2016
5913 Merrill Road, Jacksonville, FL 32211
58
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Debbie Piha and Mark Deutsch
November 29, 2003
in Atlanta, GA
parents
Sandra & Martin Weiss
Melanie Woodard and Benjamin Setzer
March 13,2004
parents
Daphne & Frank Woodard
Debra & Leonard Setzer
liv'r xwist
Mobile Mixology
Complete leverage Catering
Weddings • Bar Mitzvahs • Corporate & Private Parties
We Provide pars, Bartenders
Mixers, Cjlassware ¿¿ Pill Supplies
241-6858
I Futf %>&is%rs Fr<
Margarita
a®r ft®ft aZ<s<
Briftksl
as, Js>ai<fuiris, etc. 1
9\»l available
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
59
===== PAGE 62 =====
Mandarin's Largest
Most Complete Agency
¿Juchj’s, daiizs,, (Jrza.
JUDYBROWN-SCOTT
Confectionery Architect
"Sjhioin ÍJ\¿oat¿ CoCCtation"
Cedisa fox c/j-[[ Occasions
Qxicjinaf !2$£iUjns * ^Psxsonafixsd
CALL FOR APPOINTMENT
(904)730-8746
S101-4 OtdD^scRd. tSouili 9 QaahowoííLíi Ot 322V/ 9 904-636-OtyoS
Whether you're on your way for business
or pleasure — we're dedicated to making
your trip as pleasant as possible ... seeing
you get there with the greatest ease, at the
lowest price! We'ii arrange it ail.
Betty Rohan
★ We Accept All Credit Cards
E-mail: judyscakesinc@aol.com
- Judy’s Cakes Presents -
cRose/^ield/cdS/me/
TEA ROOM
9825-33 San Jose Blvd.
(Mandarin Outback Plaza)
* ^uncAes/ • cH^tidat Skowms/ • <=$>UvlAday&'
• Specia(/<®ccasion&f
262-1747
www.goawayplease.com
Judy Cfh taiAMv- Sooib Se Siauúí ^tumfield
8101-3 (®ld JCings/ cKoad, S • Jacksonville/, Florida/ 32217
904 -419-6000 • -mail/: rosejieldlanetea@aol. com
LA TIENDA JEWELRY
Every item in our store is high quality and up to date fashion, you will receive friendly and courteous
service. We are experts in our field.
WE HAVE QUALITY DIAMONDS AT DISCOUNT PRICES
If we do not have what you are looking for, we will be happy to custom design it —expecially for you.
When looking for quality and expert advice on your next jewelry purchase, and the best VALUE for
the dollars you spend.... LA TIENDA JEWELRY IS THE PLACE TO GO!
HONESTY, INTEGRITY AND TRUST are important factors to consider when making a fine jewelry
purchase. At La Tienda Jewelry, we offer you that and much more ... Come in and inquire about
our special prices that are sure to please.
Sawrovski • Coin Jewelry • Seiko • Chains Bracelets • Charms • Earrings
SEE OUR URGE SELECTION OF JUDAIC JEWELRY
Expert Jewelry and Watch Repair
6059 St. Augustine Road • 731-4646
www.latiendajewelry.com
Member: Jewelers of America Inc., Jewelers Board of Trade and J.V.C.
60
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 63 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Brenda Portnoy and Hal Baumgarten
March 20, 2004
parents
Phyllis Portnoy
Rita & Dr. Harold Baumgarten
Kristen Szmulewicz and Lee Pollock
May 29, 2004
parents
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
‘You’ll be Glad you called Gladwell’s*
^iaAwzlt\ úna.
771-8880 • 800-548-1306
Full Service Florist
Fresh Floral Arrangements
Wfcddings • Bar/Bat Mitzvahs • Special Events
Plants • Balloons • Plush Animals
Custom Silk Arrangements
Serving the Jacksonville area for 45 \ears.
Teieflor^ & Worldwide Deliveries • All Major Credit Cards Accepted
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
Beautiful Flowers For Your Special Day
Photography by www.rickferro.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 65 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Lesley Cedeno and Jeff Davis
June 6, 2004
parents
Drs. Joanne & Leo Davis
grandmother
Jean Cramer
Courtney Schuster and Bradley Kamlet
June 6, 2004
parents
Linda & Barry Schuster
Risa Schneider and Lawrence Datz
June 23,2004
parents
Joan & Sumner Waitz
Barbara & Albert Datz
Nancy Zebrick and Seeman Zimmerman
June 27, 2004
Marlene Weiss and Lee Alexander Cynthia Cohen and Robert Handmaker
July 13, 2003 in Washington, D.C. November 9, 2003
grandmother
Esther Weiss
Jennifer Verstandig and Joe Rutansky
November 9, 2003
Mary Zimmerman and Walter Beissinger parents
August 31, 2003 Dorothy & Harry Verstandig
===== PAGE 66 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE
President & General Manager
Florida9s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
64
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 67 =====
Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a
right on 43rd Street and the entrance is at
the next right, which is Liberty Street.
As they have done for the past
several years, middle school students of the
Solomon Schechter Day School learned,
through the Mitzvah Program, about the
respectful care of the dead, including tending
of burial sites. On a visit to the Old
Cemetery, they discovered that several
family plots no longer had loved ones to maintain them. The students rolled up
their sleeves and, with great care and respect, cleaned the neglected headstones
of a family that been laid to rest more than 50 years ago. We are proud and
grateful to these children for performing an important mitzvah.
Future plans for the cemetery include improvements to the entrances, as
well as additional landscaping. Contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman
Students from Solomon Schechter Day
School’s Mitzvah Program cleaned
unattended headstones.
Officers 2004-2005
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President
Fred Kupperman
Vice President/Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah Committee Chairs
Sally Becker
Ava Axelrod
Ilse Gottlieb
Hevra Kaddisha
The principles governing the care of the deceased, immediately after death,
are some of the most sacred to the Jewish people.
Judaism demands respect and dignity for the total of man — his body and
his soul. It is the responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha to provide both for the
deceased.
In existence for over 1,600 years, the burial society is one of the first
organizations established when a new Jewish community is formed.There are
few mitzvot in Judaism more important than preparing the dead for burial. The
ultimate acts of kindness performed by members of this holy fellowship are
unique, for they are done without the expectation of repayment.
Jacksonville is fortunate to have a Hevra Kaddisha that is celebrating 30
years of service to the Jewish community. We offer this unique support, 24
hours a day, with commitment and dedication, regardless of an individual’s
financial means. Feel free to call any of our officers with questions or for help.
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
%
hardage]
GIDDENS
FUNERAL HO;
MES &
. CEMETERIES
Gordon Hardage, Sr.
Victor Hardage
Robert Hardage
Richard Hardage
Jim Turtur
Keith Reed
Leslie Wolfson
Ronald Giddens
Gid Giddens
J.A. (Jody) Brandenburg
Gary Smith
Kerri Forshay
Paul Naugle
Francine Friedman
8 Locations in Jacksonville Area
4115 Hendricks Avenue
904-346-3808
11801 San Jose Boulevard
904-288-0025
6940 Atlantic Boulevard
904-727-3404
850 B, St. Johns Bluff Road
904-641-9755
729 Edgewood Avenue S.
904-388-2711
4315 Main Street
904-356-6585
5753 Blanding Boulevard
904-777-5727
1701 Beach Boulevard
Jacksonville Beach
904-249-2374
J>gn.»t£
66
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 69 =====
Lifecycle Events
Dear Departed
Eunice Cooper Safer
September 3,2003
Stella Siegel
December 24,2003
Milton Felder
March 30,2004
Meyer Caplan
May 26,2004
Joseph Kowitz
September 18,2003
Dorothy Levine
December 25,2003
Selma Gieser
April 12,2004
Ruth Rubin
June 1,2004
Barney Weissman
September 28,2003
Stuart Lipsky
January 7,2004
Sheldon Rosner
April 13,2004
Sidney Leonard Abrams
June 3,2004
Gertrude Rosenblatt
September 29,2003
Irving Magid
January 15,2004
Martin J. “Marty” Gottlieb
April 13,2004
Jeffrey Anchel
June 17,2004
Pearl Grundfast
October 2,2003
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
February 7,2004
Irving Sandler
April 19,2004
Milton Levit
June 25,2004
Ronald Weintraub
October 7,2003
Sophia Wilson
February 8,2004
Emanuel “Manny” Ehrlich
April 22,2004
Morris Schemer
July 3,2004
Dora Katz
October 11,2003
Barry Green
February 17,2004
Clara Gartner
April 23,2004
Bessie Bahm Rothstein
July 9,2004
Janice Kirschenbaum
October 19,2003
Marcia Sandra Leibowitz
February 17,2004
Dora Zimmerman
April 25,2004
Samuel Goodfarb
July 9,2004
Sheldon Weitzen
October 23,2003
Stephen Broudy
March 4,2004
Celia Bressler
April 26,2004
Howard Baer
July 12,2004
Shirley Richman
November 19,2003
Rachel Rosenthal
March 8,2004
Lillian Katzoff Schiowitz
April 29,2004
David Borstein
July 22,2004
Barbara H. Bierman
November 23,2003
Sam Weiss
March 9,2004
Leo Blum
April 30,2004
Alan Grundfast
July 22,2004
Marjorie Rosner
December 3,2003
Alice Eber
March 25,2004
Paul Bloom
May 10,2004
Katy Yarish
July 25,2004
Stacy Wolf Epstein
July 27,2004
Northside
4747 Main Street
Jacksonville, FL 32206
Phone 355-9545
George H. He well
and &on
Funeral Homes
Southside
4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 737-4855
George H. Hewell II
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
67
===== PAGE 70 =====
Goldfield & Associates
CHARTERED FINANCIAL CONSULTANT
& INSURANCE ADVISOR
Ira E. Goldfield, clu ciifc
Providing Service in:
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
•Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401(K) and Retirement Plans
1 Independent Drive • Suite 2901 • Jacksonville, Florida 32202 • (904) 354-3726
Securities and investment advisory services- offered through Lincoln Financial Advisories Corp.,
member NASD, SIPC, and a registered investment advisor.
Insurance products offered through Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. and other fine companies.
68
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 71 =====
<T/í4 ^UflEfn
In Loving Memory of
Lance Cohen”
Beloved Son and Brother
You will always be loved, missed
and in our hearts forever.
Nancy, Brian and Miri
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
cf^sntEmljEx ^Ttzzm
In Loving Memory of
Stan Cohen*'
■it
Devoted Husband and Father
You will always be loved, missed
and in our hearts forever.
Nancy, Brian and Miri
70
===== PAGE 73 =====
= <T/í4 <zf^£,mz)n¡j£x ^üíizm ==
In Memory of
Our Beloved Parents
Seymour and Lillian Morse
You will be in our hearts foremn
Todd and Karen Morse
Ben, Maci and Trudy
Ü
===== PAGE 74 =====
(T4¿ cJ^smzmíjzx CHizm
In Loving Memory of
My Beloved Parents
Jack and Sue Becker ’i
and Beloved Stepmother
Hattie Newman Becker
Mayer Gil Becker
Chicago, Illinois
In Memory of
Marty [Dad, Poppy] Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Elayne, Alison,
Alvin & Yolanda,
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie,
Dylan and Mason Brown
Felicia and Shelby Reed
===== PAGE 75 =====
“B“BSB=™ ^Ws <J^znL&m¡j£X *ZJtizm
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
devoted father, grandfather,
great-grandfather and friend
Martin and Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David and Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie Smith
Steven and Debbie Steinfield
Bret Aaron & Rachel
In Loving Memory of
Mickie Hurwitz
Beloved Wife, Mother, Grandmother & Friend
Arthur Hurwitz
Steve, Pitzy &
Patricia Hurwitz
Lisa, Steve, Daniel
& Nathan Enfield
73
===== PAGE 76 =====
' vvs c^X&nzsmtr&z ^Jhsm
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elyne Moss
Rosanne, Andy,
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kauss
In Loving Memory of
Daniel Pollan
Helene Pollan and Sons
Arthur, Irving, Steven & Edward
and their Families
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
^JPiEtn —
We Remember Our Special Parents
Bertha and Hyman Selber
H. Joel Selber and Ina & Alan Taffet
In Loving Memory of
Fathers & Grandfathers
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
Jerry, Anita,
Jonathan, Andrea and Jeffrey Zucker
===== PAGE 78 =====
cJ^mzmljsx
In Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
Sol Gottlieb
Devoted husband, loving father
and doting grandfather
Sidney and Anne
Audrey Baker
Rubens
Scott Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Martin Gottlieb
Reid, Suzette, Ryan,
Jared and Chad Baker
Ben, Natalie,
Gottlieb and Rubens
Mathew & Emily Baker
Family
In Loving Memory of
Melvin Jawitz
Devoted husbandf father
In Loving Memory of
Joseph A. Laufer
and grandfather
AND
Devoted husband, father
and grandfather
Rita Falis
Devoted mother & grandmother
Susan Laufer
and Family
Marcia Jawitz
Lisa Coplan
Marvin Falis
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
(1/14 <cf^zmzmíjEri ^Jtxzm
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Annie & Oscar Margol
Beloved Husband, Dad & Cramps
Rea & Harry Jarchower
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Bessie Gamce
Sonya & Jan Morris
Frieda Katz
Debbie Simkin
Belle Margol
Daniel Aron, Daren Joshua
& Shana Leslie
Melvin Margol
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Shira Rebecca, Aliza Danielle
Alice Eber
& Zachary Asher
Marilyn & Wilbur Margol
and Family
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
Jerald & Karen Morris
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
In Loving Memory of
Beloved Parents
Evelyn & Ralph
Mizrahi
Norma & Harry
Nachman
Ginnette & Charles Mizrahi
Edward Mark Nachman
Judy & David Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
77
===== PAGE 80 =====
<1/J4 ^Ifízzm
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Harriet Pilton Gfrsom
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Always a part of our lives
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly Baker
Allen Ruby
Paula & Craig Warner
In Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Memory of
Al Edwards
who will always be in our hearts
Miriam Edwards
Sandy Edwards & Family
Linda & Michael Gard & Family
Judy & Steve Silverman & Family
In Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Harold Baker
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
loving husband, father & grandfather
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Eleanor Baker
Barbara & Michael Schneider
and Family
and Daughters
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
William K. Benjamin
Max & Paula Hirsch
Edith Abrams Benjamin
Wilhelm & Johanna Hirsch
David Joel Benjamin
Simon & Pessie Eckhaus
James Joseph Boyle
Sigmund & Josefine Reisch
Vera Vastine Boyle
and Our Family Members
Mary Etta Seeba
Martyred 1939-1945
Morton & Vera Benjamin
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
dxímznzíiEZ ^Jízsni
In Loving Memory of
Ronald L. Koenigsberg
June Silverstein
Jack Silverstein
Alvin Koenigsberg
Laura S. Koenigsberg
Leo B. Koenigsberg
Lovingly,
Helene, Erik & Dr. Adam Koenigsberg
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents & Grandparents
Blanche & Sam Marks
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Alan, Jo, Jennie & Josh Marks
Stacie & Sam Linsky
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband,
Father & Grandfather
Phyllis Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of
Abe & Sophie Marón
Leon Marón
Dr. Theodore Weisman
Francis Libby
Winfred & Morris Libby
In Loving Memory of Beloved
Husband, Father & Grandfather
Stuart Lipsky
In Memory of
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Bess Lipsky
Bruce, Jan, Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
Mr. & Mrs. Martin Sack
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
The DuBow Family
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Barney and Rachel Margolin
Louis and Rene Roey
David Benjamin
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Scott, Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie Roey
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
cf^zinsnitjssi ^líízsm
In Loving Memory of
Phillip Schemer
loving husband, father & grandfather
Margaret Schemer
Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Steven Gross
Stephanie Arlotti
In Loving Memory of All
Our Beloved Departed
Always In Our Hearts
Elayne Brown & Family
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
& Ella Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Jonathan, Kim & Andrew Weintraub
Shelly & Chris Brewer
In Memory of
Our Beloved Parents
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Memory of our Very Missed Parents
who are always in our hearts
Morris and Rose Baumgarten
Harry and Rose (Honeybunch) Snedder
Rita & Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Chaim & Riva Bielski
Joseph & Ada Sallick
Shirley & Abe Bielski
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
devoted husband & loving father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
In Loving Memory of
Max Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
Ilene Selevan
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Hymie Fialkow
beloved husband & father
Charlotte Fialkow & Etta Fialkow
In Loving Memory of my Parents
Bill & Betty Soforenko
I wish Peace, Health,
Prosperity, Joy and
a Heartfelt Happy New Year to All
Renee Soforenko
In Loving Memory of my Parents
Louis E. Fleet
& Florence Cohen Fleet
Albert Zalman Fleet
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
80
===== PAGE 83 =====
[Ulzsnz
In Memory of
Rose & Isadore Gartner
Herb Gartner
In Memory of
Bernard Heyman
Bobbie Heyman
Stan Heyman, Robyn Bloom & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman,George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
In Loving Memory of
Irving Geller
Betty & Harvey Goldring
David Goldring
Beverly Geller & Family
In Loving Memory of
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
beloved parents & grandparents
Ken & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua & Emilie Elizabeth, Sarah
In Loving Memory of
Bessie & Manny Goldstein
Mildred & Herman Shafner
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Lafer, m.d.
Dennis Lafer & Family
In Loving Memory of
Louise “Sandy” Goodfriend
devoted wife, mother & grandmother
Judge Sam Goodfriend
Judy & Steven Davis & Family
Michael & Darryl Weiler & Family
Susan & Michael Goldberg & Family
In Loving Memory of
Morris Levine
Edie Levine
Bill, Stevie & Samantha
Aaron & Angela
In Loving Memory of
Norman Greenbaum
Miriam Greenbaum
Mary & Jacob Wexler
Rose & Morris Gray
Allen & Diane Greenbaum Gray
In Loving Memory of
Irving Magid
you will be missed
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Audrey Baker
In Loving Memory of
My Beloved Husband and Daughter
Sam Greenburg - Sandy Shapiro
Ann Greenburg
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan
& Miriam Mibab
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
& Molly Rubinstein
Robin & Stanley Halpern & Family
In Loving Memory of
Louis & Hannah Miller
Raphael & Jaffa Smo Pevhas
Alexine Miller
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
Marilyn, Mike, Ellis, Ellen
& David Mass
In Loving Memory of
Sidney Ralph
devoted husband, father & grandfather
LouAnn Ralph & Family
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
*744 d^zmsmljsi ^yízzm
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele
& Alan Robins
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memory of
Shirley Rosenfield
devoted, wife, mother & grandmother
Martin Rosenfield & Family
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Annette G. Bernstein
In Loving Memory of
Charles Merger & Joseph Sager
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy & Alyssa Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Etta Harris
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed & Rena Bernard
In Memory of My Beloved Parents
Rose & Carl Jay
Arlene Faracchio
In Loving Memory of
Chana & Max Talpalar,
Dora & Ben Glickman, Trudy Aronowttz,
Loose Glickman, Marty Glickman,
Bernard Levine & Aaron Levine
Joan & Ben Talpalar & Family
In Loving Memory of
Mr. & Mrs. Mitchell Lesnik
Mr. & Mrs. Earl Evans
The Lesnik Family
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of
Harold Baker
Sybil Lazarus
In Loving Memory of
Sam Rosenblum
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
Max Bachrach - Edith Bachrach Bendorf
Sol & Rochelle Proctor
In Loving Memory of
beloved huband,lRXV$ B. ROTHSTEIN
and son, Martin C. Rothstein
Bessie B. Rothstein
In Memory of
Celia Bressler, Lillian & Samuel Raines,
Lyle Arinsberg and Aharon Navon
Joann Arinsberg
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife Becky & daughter Penny
In Loving Memory of
Morris Schemer
Hilda Lewit & Family
In Loving Memory of
Macy A. Cohen
Myra Cohen
In Loving Memory of my Mother
Sophia Wilson
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of Beloved Brother & Nephew
Stanley Cohen - Lance Cohen
Anne & Edwin Presser
In Memory of
Murry Wolfson
Ben & Gussie Baker
Renee Wolfson Moses
In Loving Memory of LEO DlNIN, ESTHER DlNIN,
& Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of
George Yellin
Elsie Yellin & Family
In Loving Memory of
David Davis
Doll Davis
In Loving Memory of
Al Zadoff
Pearl Zadoff, Children & Grandchildren
82
===== PAGE 85 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
Message from the Director
Through the years, many
Kindergarten teachers have remarked that
children coming from the Jacksonville
Jewish Center Preschool are extremely well
prepared for Kindergarten. We know that
this is one of the highest compliments that
our educational peers can pay us.
Young children enter our Preschool at
many different stages of physical, emotional
and cognitive development. Our job as
educators is to provide a program that is
based on the developmental needs of each
individual child. Our skilled staff, with their many years
of early childhood experience, are enthusiastic about the
opportunity of working with children at a stage in which
they are rapidly developing language and cognitive skills.
Our outstanding professionals have created a nurturing
and encouraging classroom environment. It is one in which
children are free to explore learning experiences and
develop creative thinking and problem solving skills. This,
along with a curriculum that includes reading and math
readiness skills, music, art, physical education, computers
and Judaica, provides all the opportunities we know will
aid in their physical, emotional and intellectual growth.
We are proud that they are ready to meet the challenges
that their future education holds for them.
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
The first phase of the Helene &
Daniel Pollan Playground will be
completed this year. This Early Childhood
facility will provide our children with hours
of fun on brand-new, state-of-the-art
equipment. We are thankful to all the
wonderful families who have helped, and
will continue to help, make our dream
playground become a reality.
Janet Husney, our capable and
experienced Extended Day Coordinator,
and her terrific staff will be returning this
year. They have continued to organize and expand the
activities available for our extended day students. Our
new monthly calendar and exciting Giant Steps Program
provide stimulating opportunities for full and part-time
care, to all our families.
This year will bring many new and exciting changes.
I look forward to working with Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Dr. Judy Stoner as they share their extensive
knowledge and experiences with us.
I am confident that this will be another successful
year — one filled with opportunities to provide our
precious young children with the best educational
foundation possible.
— Dale Schemer
Janet Husney
Extended Day Coordinator
Dale Schemer
Director
83
===== PAGE 86 =====
Early Childhood
Playtime and Special Activities
===== PAGE 87 =====
Early Childhood
STAFF - Preschool & Extended Day
Front Row, L to R: Angela Cooper, Judy Paul,
Alla Makhtina, Eva Burdett, Hanna Bendit
and Robin Morris. Back Row, L to R: Dale
Schemer, Director, Wendy Pozin, Paige
Wajsman, Assa Chizhik, Zina Levitsky, Hanna
Schindler, Janet Husney and Sara Gross. Not
shown: Michelle Margol.
STAFF - Preschool
Front Row, L to R: Robin DeCrispino,
Shirley Thacker, Jeanne Lapitsky,
Morleen Berlin and Robin Vitiello.
Back Row, L to R: Renee Meek,
Cheryl Gartner, Liz Gartner,
Cheril Clevette and Amy Deem.
TODDLERS I
L to R: Angela Cooper, Teacher,
Crey Thacker, Eryn Saye, Jolie Weiss,
Asher Bates-DuBrow, Ethan Plotkin,
Chaim Goranson, Adam Maman and
Renee Meek, Assistant.
Not shown: EvanLoeser.
TODDLERS H
Front Row, L to R: Jake Nachman,
Morgan Bruman, Ethan Platock,
Evelyn Mizrahi, Haley Thomas,
Noland Blain and Jamie Bielski.
Back Row, L to R: Hanna Bendit, Teacher
and Robin Vitiello, Assistant.
85
===== PAGE 88 =====
Early Childhood
JUMPING JACKS I
Front Row, L to R: Menachim Kaiser,
Hunter Davis, Arielle Wajsman,
Sabrina Zilberman and Rachel Levy.
Middle Row, L to R: Chase Beyer,
Abi Platock, Brooke Zimmerman,
Alyssa Zunic, Connor Cooper.
Back Row, L to R: Cheryl Gartner, Teacher
and Sara Gross, Assistant. Not shown:
Jacquelyn Ernas and Barbara Goldstein.
JUMPING JACKS H
Front Row, L to R: Casey Balotin, Sydney
Teitelbaum,Sydney Hampton, Chava
Estner, Dylan Whitehead and Danielle Fetner.
Back Row, L to R: Cheril Clevette, Teacher,
Sarah Schemer, Sasha Stadnik, Talya Pames,
Naomi Herman, Madison McEvoy
and Eva Burdett, Assistant.
NURSERY I
Front Row, L to R: Stephanie Block,
Cameron Camley, Shira DuBow,
Reesa Zaifert, Sophie Luellen,
Molly Lantinberg and Michael Maltz.
Back Row, L to R: Wendy Pozin, Teacher,
Julia Plotkin, Joshua Zimmerman,
Sammy Meek, Laina Segel,
Hannah Gross, Carly Thomas,
Daniel Maman and Morleen Berlin, Assistant.
Not shown: Allison Wolfson.
86
===== PAGE 89 =====
Early Childhood
NURSERY H
Front Row, L to R: Michael Wilkins,
Amber McLaughlin, Max Mizrahi,
Abigail Zilberman, Jarred Yudin, Talia Sauer
and Hana Asor.
Back Row, L to R:. Paige Wajsman, Teacher,
Rachael Garland, Jessica Jarchower,
Ethan Beyer, Shelby Weiss,
Montgomery Phillips, Eric Giijel, Alex Katz
and Amy Deem, Assistant.
PRE-KINDERGARTEN I
Front Row, L to R: Paige Bruman,
Avery McEvoy, Samantha Butensky,
Jeffrey Loeser, Sonya Pulley
and Joel Margol.
Back Row. L to R: Judy Paul, Teacher,
Hannah Garland, Jake Goldman,
Ryan Mizrahi, Jared Plotkin
and Liam Wirsansky.
Not shown: Liz Gartner, Assistant
PRE-KINDERGARTEN H
Front Row, L to R: Julia Kahn,
Benjamin Miller, Elan Sandler, Joey Plotkin,
Micah Pames and Katie Diduryk.
Middle Row, L to R: Jennie Gordon,
Gillian Anderson, Alexander Waj sman,
Jacob Leveton and Aaron Kitay.
Back Row, L to R: Jeanne Lapitsky, Teacher
and Assa Chizhik, Assistant.
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
Special Activities
===== PAGE 91 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Solomon Schechter Day School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
Message from the Principal
In August 1961, the Jacksonville Jewish Center opened the
Solomon Schechter Day School — first known as the Foundation
School — and I walked into my first classroom in the Georgia Public
School System. Neither of these entities envisioned that twenty-two
years later their paths would become one.
I am grateful for the opportunity to have served this wonderful
school community for the past twenty-two years and to have been a
part of Solomon Schechter growth throughout this period. I thank the
past eleven presidents and chairpeople of the Educational Committee,
five executive directors, two rabbis and eleven PTA presidents for the
wonderful cooperation and assistance in reaching our mutual goal of a
“school of excellence” for Jewish education. Each of these individuals
has contributed their unique talents to the development of the school
in many ways. I give great credit to the foundation laid by former
principals of the school, Mr. Ted Gross and Mrs. Marilyn Sandler.
The past years have been particularly rewarding for the success that made our shared dreams a
reality. Our school, fully accredited by the Florida Council of Independent School and the Solomon
Schechter Day School Association, is one recognized by the community as a school of high academic
standings, as our many graduates testify to by their achievements.
I have tried to embrace the commitment to tradition and family
atmosphere, while moving the institution forward to an expanded and
competitive academic environment, as well as provide the youth of the
community an integrated curriculum of Judaic experiences, Hebrew
language and general studies — all aimed at creating informed, intelligent
American Jews, cognizant of their history and heritage and proud of their
tradition and values.
I am fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with a very
dedicated faculty and staff throughout my years at Solomon Schechter. I
have seen their commitment to excellence in every aspect of teaching and
of school operations. The success of the school is built on their collective
efforts as well.
Looking back is always a treat, but now the school looks ahead and
prepares for the challenges of tomorrow. My heart is with them and I
envy the challenge.
Good-bye and thank you so much for the wonderful memories!
— Willard Kennedy
Andy White
School Secretary
Willard M. Kennedy
Principal
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
Parent-Teacher Association
r 2004-2005 Officers
President
Amy Goodman
Past-President
Allison Bailys
Fundraising VP
Debbie Banks
Membership VPs
Lauren Block
Faye Mizrahi
Programming VP
Risa Herman
Services VP
Perrin Rubin
Secretary
Cindy Wohl
Treasurer
Heidi Katzin
Preschool Liaison
Susan DuBow
The Parent Teacher Association, first and foremost, promotes
the welfare of the children in the school, the home, the synagogue and
the community. The PTA is designed to create a relationship between
the parents and the teachers and to enhance the educational process
for all of the students. PTA provides the high quality programs,
equipment and other facilities through fundraising and service
programs.
Each year the PTA supervises the student magazine sale, giftwrap
sale, book fair, Red Ribbon Week for Drug Awareness, Kaleidoscope Day and vision
screening. In addition, PTA helps to enrich our children’s Jewish lives by providing
Shabbat and holiday boxes for use in the home by students and their families.
This year is particularly exciting with the newly renovated library. When our new
video lab is complete, it will be possible to view live broadcasts and video transmissions
in each classroom on televisions provided with PTA funds.
We look forward to expanding the horizons of our schools with help from Dr. Judy
Stoner, Director of Education/Head of Center Schools.
We will also make the most of our final year with our wonderful principal, Mr.
Willard Kennedy.
PTA support is essential for parents, teachers and students. Without our amazing
volunteers, none of this is possible. I am honored to be a part of this PTA.
L’Shanah Tovah,
— Amy Goodman
Resource Teachers
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Louise Leonard
Librarian
Jo Ann Kagan
Academic Resources
DanaManasse
Judaica Staff Coordinator
Kimberly Griffis
Physical Ed.
Theresa Pepe
Computers
Jay Sandler
Music
90
Joann Eisemann
Asst. Physical Ed.
===== PAGE 93 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
KINDERGARTEN - A
Teachers: Shirley Jemigan, Liat Walker
Assistant: Wendy Gaff
Students: Steven Finker, Jack Gare,
Anna Koren, Benjamin Lantinburg,
Alexander Leif, Jenna Levin,
Elsie Platzer, Jacob Pollan, Connor
Simmons, Aiyana Stevens, Talia Wind
KINDERGARTEN - B
Teachers: Hollie Wishnik,
Pamela Maman. Assistant: Kathy Stark
Students: Joel Cohen, Jake Fetner,
Jessie Friedman, Seth Goodman,
Hunter Hampton, Matthew Herman,
Samantha Katzin, Eli Mizrahi,
Rebeca Nathans, Brooke Sapolsky,
Samantha Weiss, Joey Zimmerman.
FIRST GRADE - A
Teachers: Bonnie Loeser,
Dana Manasse
Students: Izaak Butensky,
Erin Caplan, Gabrielle Cohen,
Shira Ferman, Sydney Gross, Sarah
Hall, Eliza Israel, Rachel Kessler,
Jacob Orender, Leslie Schemer.
FIRST GRADE - B
Teachers: Paula Horn, Robin Morris
Assistant: Hannah Bendit
Students: Michael Appel,
Paul Bitutsky, Justin Clevette,
Sami Grossman, Jenna Levine,
Adam Mehlman, Sarah Miller, Rachael
Mizrahi, Zachary Orender, Ivan Pulley,
Micah Rubin, Sarit Sandler,
Rachel Walker.
91
===== PAGE 94 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
SECOND GRADE - A
Teachers: Carla Bernard, Rivka Cohen
Students: Julia Allerding, Geoffrey Berlin,
Samuel Fleisher, Alex Gottlieb, Shira Kitay,
Noah Levin, Shaina Plotkin, Marni
Sapolsky, Jonah Schiller, Sparky Vining,
Sam Yarish.
SECOND GRADE - B
Teachers: Elissa Vining,
Edith Horovitz
Students: Michael Ansbacher,
Talia Fetner, Hannah Gendzier,
Barry Goodman, Noah Gottlieb,
William Leonard, Eden Margol,
Jacqueline Phillips, Tyler Williamson,
Richard Zimmerman.
THIRD GRADE - A
Teachers: Marjie Rogozinski,
Liat Walker
Students: Max Ackerman,
Aaron Bernhardt, Megan Block,
Gabrielle Cohen, Jacob Hecht,
Lauren Jaffe, Elana Maiman,
Hannah Mizrahi, Leah Parker,
David Raikes, Avi Rubin, Ari Sandler,
Jonathan Waring, Alex Wolfson.
THIRD GRADE - B
Teachers: Cathy Monte,
Pamela Maman
Students: Michelle Cagan, Andrew
Clevette, Rebecca Estner, Erica Katzin,
Adam Kessler, Gabey Koslowski,
Trudy Morse, Britney Norton,
Charles Pett, Julie Rosenberg,
Joshua Schoettler, Jared Wolfson,
David Zhukov, Aaron Zimmerman.
SsiPiP
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
FOURTH GRADE - A
Teachers: Jay Sandler,
Rivka Ohayan, Liat Walker
Students: Nikki Bailys, David Ferman,
Benjamin Gershon, Emily Goldman,
Monica Koren, Maci Morse,
David Walker, Rachel Whitman,
Daniel Wind, Frankie Zimmerman.
FOURTH GRADE - B
Teachers: Deb Ruhr, Liat Walker
Students: Nicole Ansbacher,
Jake Friedman, Laura Goldman,
Samuel Goodman, Rachel Herman,
Jonah Kitay, Hannah Mehlman,
Harrison Phillips, Rachel Stark,
Jeffrey Weiss.
FIFTH GRADE - A
Teachers: Carole Goldberg,
Dana Manasse
Students: Rebecca Arpel, Max Fleisher,
Jennifer Gartner, Alec Goldman,
Joshua Goranson, Gad Lee,
Gabrielle Magid, Sara Plotkin,
Shira Rittenberg, Danielle Rogozinski.
FIFTH GRADE - B
Teachers: Mary Fox, liana Manasse
Students: Simona Altshuler, Sam Bernard,
Alexandra Block, Erica Cagan,
Benjamin Hecht, Garret Jaffe,
Emily Levine, Rebekah Pollan,
Larry Richter, Leah Robbins,
Max Rogozinski, Alexandra Silverberg.
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School - Middle School
SIXTH GRADE
Teachers: Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Susan
Burkhart, Anne Hawk, Edith Horovitz,
Marc Leventhal, Judy Reppert,
Tracy Watts.
Students: Sophie DuBow,
Noah Feldman, Max Goldstein,
A.J. Kupperman, Tal Lee,
Samuel Levine, Laurie Lynch,
Amy Shuman, Aaron Stark,
Mitchell Wohl.
SEVENTH GRADE
Teachers: Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Susan
Burkhart, Anne Hawk, Edith Horovitz,
Marc Leventhal, Judy Reppert,
Tracy Watts.
Students: Gigi Ackerman,
Michael Appelbaum, Richard Bailys,
Udi Ben-Yehuda, Michael Cagan,
Jeremy Ferman, Aliza Goldstein,
Seth Karstaedt, Matthew Kingson,
Jordan Koslowski, Kara Levine,
Laura Platzer, Charlie Raitt,
Zach Rogozinski, Gabe Rosner,
Manny Shapiro, Olivia Tavill,
Jacob Weiss.
EIGHT GRADE
Teachers: Yitzhak Ben-Moshe,
Susan Burkhart, Anne Hawk,
Edith Horovitz, Marc Leventhal,
Judy Reppert, Tracy Watts.
Students: Mathew Glassman,
Stefanie Levine, Micah Lewis,
Gabrielle Margol, Benjamin Morse,
Stefan Mykych, Eddie Norton,
Sophie Rothstein, Kyle Solloway,
Kyle Vining, Avi Weinstock-Herman,
Lisa Zavon.
===== PAGE 97 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Center Religious School
A Message from the Director
In January of 2004, United
Synagogue of Conservative Judaism
announced that the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Religious School had been
recognized as a “Framework for
Excellence” Model 1 School. The
Center was only the second school in
Florida to receive this status and only
one of 23 schools nationwide to be so
recognized, marking it as one of the
top Religious Schools in the country.
This prestigious certification attests that
we have met rigorous standards in
professional development, curriculum
development and family education, and
demonstrated that we have met all of the goals, aims and
benchmarks necessary to be considered a school of
exceptional academic quality.
Our curriculum has been structured to
ensure that all students, regardless of background or style
of learning, will progress at any level of Hebrew in the
Religious School, while still enjoying the company of their
age-group in a fun and stimulating Judaica program.
Kindergarten and first graders meet on Sundays
for 2 hours, where they are introduced to Hebrew letters
and vocabulary, learn all about Jewish holidays, and get
to know about heroes and mitzvot in the Torah. In 2nd
grade, students meet on Sundays and Wednesdays, as
they continue with these subjects and are introduced to
the formal Hebrew language curriculum with the older
children. Grades 3-7 meet three days per week (Sunday,
Monday and Wednesday), concentrating on Hebrew
fluency (prayer as well as conversational), history,
customs and rituals. The 7th grade “Etgar” class enjoys
a mitzvah-based program, pulling together all of this
knowledge and learning how to put it to practical use,
both personally and in the community as young, Jewish
adults.
Music, art projects, dramatics,
and use of the library and computer lab
allow each student to flourish in an
exciting, kid-friendly atmosphere. A
special-needs professional and individual
tutors are available for children who
need a bit of extra help during school
hours with their Hebrew and Judaic
studies.
As a “Framework for
Excellence School,” we have been
recognized for our ability to use both
formal and informal educational
programming to enhance students’
Jewish education. This standard for
academic excellence also recognizes the
congregation’s success in creating a partnership between
the professional staff and the lay leadership in building
the kind of relationships that result in establishing high
quality, meaning-centered religious school learning
opportunities.
The goal of our program is to create the foundation
for life-long Jewish learning and living. We believe that
a good synagogue school education can, and should, be
a major influence in forming what a young Jewish adult
knows (knowledge), knows how to do (skills), and wants
to do (attitudes and proclivities). Rabbi Robert Abramson,
Director of the United Synagogue’s Department of
Education, in congratulating the school for its
achievement, said: “by offering a program based on one
of the Framework models, meeting all of its benchmarks
and shared elements, you are providing the youngsters
and teens of your congregation with a quality Jewish
education that will serve them well as they mature into
college years and adulthood.”
I look forward to the new year and the unfolding of
exciting educational opportunities that will include
students of all our synagogue schools.
Lois Tompkins
Director
— Lois Tompkins
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
Center Religious School
Special Activities and Celebrations
===== PAGE 99 =====
Center Religious School
First grade
Teachers: Eta Perras. Students: Eitan Ben-Ari, Hailey Berger,
Ashley Chambers, Martin Cohen, Scott Goldstein, Rachel
Nevers, Lee Safer, Carly Stevens, Alyssa Thurston-Jadick.
Third grade - Alef Class
Teachers: Karen Morse (Sunday) Rivka Cohen, Eta Perras,
Daphne Woodard. Students: Blair DeCrispino, Charlie DuBow,
Jeffrey Goldring, Josh Gordon, Jacob Raikes, Carly Right,
Sarah Rooney, Josh Stevens, Justin Vitiello.
Fifth grade - Gimel Class
Teacher: Dave Schmerer (Sunday), Wendy Brezin, Marc
Leventhal, Karen Morse, Chana Novak. Students: Max
Blumenfeld, Madison Kress, Sarah Neadle, Ben Rosenthal,
Laura Sandler, Jenna Shuman, Zach Whitely.
Second grade - Mechinah Class
Teachers: Wendy Brezin, Daphne Woodard (Sunday) and
Karen Morse. Students: Benjamin Cooper, Shelby Friedman,
Seth Moser, Josh Nevers.
Fourth grade - Bet Class
Teachers: Carole Goldberg (Sunday), Rivka Cohen, Eta
Perras, Daphne Woodard. Students: Tori Berger, Rachel Buff,
Ariella Phillips, Brian Rooney, Zachary Sandler, Danielle
Wiransky.
Sixth grade - Dalet Class
Teachers: Marc Leventhal (Sunday), Wendy Brezin, Marc
Leventhal, Karen Morse, Chana Novak. Students Sarah
Abramson, Cory Brenenson, Joshua Cooper, Leah Friedman,
Ben Gatewood, Bradley Goldring, Stephanie Hecht, Steven
Lewis, Benjamin Peltz, Noah Pozin, Jodi Rosenberg, Harrison
Safer, Adam Schwartz, Sam Whitman, Jacob Wolfson.
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
Religious School Simchas
Consecration
Shabbat morning, February 7,2004
For weeks, students of the Aleph class of the
Religious School and the 1st grade of the Solomon
Schechter Day School prepared a very special program
for this milestone in their Jewish education. Each student
received a certificate and a sweet treat from PTA
traditionally given to mark a sweet beginning to their
formal Hebrew education. Beautifully covered siddurim,
prayerbooks, were presented to the students by their
parents. In addition, Center Sisterhood gave each student
a bound collection of Leagrams containing well wishes
from family and friends. Todah Rabah to all the teachers:
Hanna Bendit, Paula Horn, Carole Goldberg,
Bonnie Loeser, liana Manasse, Robin Morris,
Karen Morse and Eta Perras.
Mazel tov wishes are extended to the families of
the Consecrants: Michael Appel, Paul Bitutsky, Izaak
Butensky, Erin Caplan, Justin Clevette, Gabrielle
Cohen, Joshua Cooper, Blair DeCrispino, Charlie
DuBow, Shira Ferman, Sydney Gross, Samantha
Grossman, Eliza Israel, Rachel Kessler, Jenna
Levine, Adam Mehlman, Sarah Miller, Rachael
Mizrahi, Jacob Orender, Zachary Orender, Ivan
Pulley, Jacob Raikes, Sarah Rooney, Micah Rubin,
Sarit Sandler, Leslie Schemer, Joshua Stevens,
Justin Vitiello,
98
Etgar- 7th Grade Graduation
May 16, 2004
The Religious School held a graduation ceremony
for the 7th grade on Sunday morning, May 16. The
ceremony, which included the presentation of certificates
and awards, marked the completion of the Center
Religious School program and promotion to Beit Midrash,
Hebrew High School.
This year’s graduation class includes: Daniel
Abramson,Lillie Anderson, Arielle Bernhardt,
Alyssa DeCrispino, Brandon Epstein, Austin
Gartner, Craig Herring, Eric Levenson, Jacob
Robinson, Stephanie Seebol, Danielle Slavin, and
Emily Talpalar.
Mazel tov to the graduates and their families. Todah
rabah to teachers, Judy Reppert and Scott
Zimmerman.
- Youth Congregations -
Meet Saturdays, lla.m.-Noon
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation Grades 3-6
Led by Edith Horovitz
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
Coordinated by Debbie Banks
===== PAGE 101 =====
Religious School Simchas
Confirmation Class of 2004
6 & 7 Sivan • May 25-27,2004
The Biblical festival of Shavuot celebrates the giving of the Torah and Ten Commandments to the
Jewish people. It is natural that this festival should be celebrated with the accompanying sense of commitment
to Jewish life that Confirmation represents.
Throughout the festival, our Confirmands demonstrated the knowledge they had gained through
completion of the Beit Midrash (Hebrew High) program by fully participating in Shavuot services. In
addition, students read essays they had prepared on the theme “What Judaism Means to Me.”
As is customary, the Center Sisterhood gave each participant a booklet of mazel tov greetings
from members of the congregation. The Center Men’s Club presented a Kiddush cup to each confirmand.
2004 Confirmands pictured with their teacher, Rabbi Stephen Grundfast: Ori Demri, Brett Eaglstein,
Benjamin Finck, Julia Kufman, Faye Maiman, Lauren Margol, Zachery Morris, Jonathan Passen,
Jereme Pozin, Lauren Richter, Erin Rogozinski, Jillian Rosenberg, Adam Rothstein, Jodi
Schneider, Andrea Seebol, David Selber, Rebecca Shapiro, Jennifer Shorstein, Mathew Shorstein,
Masha Signayevsky, Shira Spalter, Brandon Trager, Andrew Weiss and Shea Williams.
Beit Midrash
Jacksonville Community Hebrew High School
Pamela Maman - Director
The Beit Midrash, Hebrew High School, program involves 8th - 12th grade
students throughout the community. Literature, Hebrew, Israel, Jewish Community,
Jewish Education, Jewish Ethics and Values, Jewish History, Judaic Studies and
Texts are among the topics taught. Classes meet Wednesday evenings from 7-9
p.m. For more information visit our website at www.beitmidrashjax org. or
call 448-5000.
The Center Religious School thanks the following Beit Midrash students
for their participation as tutors and volunteers: Dana Kresel and Jon Mizrahi, Religious School students.
assistant teachers; Josh Fleet, Michelle Jernigan, Amy Shuman, Debra Mizrahi
and Jordan Kress, community service students.
Jon Mizrahi with two Center
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
* Multi/Full Color
Printing:
Newsletters Letterhead
Brochures Envelopes
Forms Business Cards
Catalogs Reports
* Layout & Design
* High Volume
Duplicating
* Custom Binding
& Finishing
* Typesetting
* Fax Services
JugtPrintlt!
9825-26 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-4644
fax (904)262-4738
email justprintit@bellsouth.net
Brian Williams
bwilliams.bdt® ilnk.com
BDT Concepts, Inc.
New & Compatible Toner Cartridges
• Printers • Fax Machines • Copier
• Sales • Service • Supplies
5121 Bowden Road, Suite 305 • Jacksonville, FL 32216
(904) 262-2590 • (800) 736-5199 • Fax: (904) 262-2565
246-3085
247-6778 Fax
0
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PATTEN BUS SERVICES, INC.
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, Florida 32233
PHONE
384-43 9 1
5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL
322 10
RICHARD PATTEN
JUDY PATTEN
WWW. DRR1TTEN B ERG. COM
□Process Htasf er
r.r. a Dmminrmiitin t\1 • Aifftifum * Interim
Cere A Perforation of Carpet • Furniture • Interiora
Home of the
“Big Clean”
Spring Cleaning is our Specialty!
Ask for Miss Shirley
MARK TOLLESON
(904) 725-0440
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
*
ESTATE PLANNING
RETIREMENT PLANNING
BUTENSKY & COHEN
: Financial Security, Ing.
j§ Regis teredímésBnent Advisorgil^,
Ji^^^tensky
• | Allan A. Colteri, CFR
(904) 273-9850 * (800) 893-2324
THE BUTENSY& COHEN BUILDING
110 PROFESSIONAL DRIVE VPONIEVEDRA BEACH, FL32082
¡Mated in Ponte Veden Lakes Professional Paik * www.butenskycohen.com
100
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 103 =====
Center Youth Department
A Message from the Director
During the upcoming year we will experience much growth and very exciting changes
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. The Center has a new Rabbi, Jonathan Lubliner, and a
new Director of Education, Dr. Judy Stoner. As important as a sense of Jewish spirituality
and education are in our children’s’ lives, so is the sense of belonging to a group of peers
with similar beliefs and values.
Our children, through their youth groups, are taught the essence of belonging,
participation and mitzvoth. They learn to be proud of who they are and what they represent.
They deliver food to the needy, raise funds for ARMDI and help prepare our synagogue for
the High Holidays. They learn about kashrut, play sports and organize different fundraising
events. They often don’t realize that they are learning and growing as they have so much
Gayle Bailys fun. They are truly amazing children!
Director
We at the Center strive to grow along with our children. We must encourage them
to continue their Jewish and community social action participation and guide them in their
efforts to become educated, open-minded Jewish adults. I look forward to continue helping to guide our children in
these important opportunities.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families!
— Gayle Bailys
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including Chalutzim,
Kadima, USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The committee is made up
of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs and caring Center members
who believe that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through
participation in innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish
leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue
summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar
in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome, fun and uniquely Jewish
experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth
Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates
stay connected to the synagogue and community. Four times a year, at
Rosh Hashanah, Chanukah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent
that bring warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay
in touch with your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing
and email addresses. Thank you to Stella Finck for her long-standing
devotion to this project. This year, Beth Fleet and Ellen Rosner will take
over this important work.
Kathy Osterer, Youth Commission Chair
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment.
To oversee these activities, the Youth
Commission and Youth Director, sets the
standards and policies for these programs.
Last December; Avi Rickman, Rachel Rosner and
Rachel Wyzan, college students from our synagogue
met in Israel with Hasbra staffer; Natalie Osterer,
for a special program that trains pro-Israel campus
activists.
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
good FoocL.Good Feelings*
Sp&cíalí%vng' íav FreiK-Baked/ píe#
Vine/ In or Take/ Oat
Phone/262-1718
10140 Sanjoye/ Boulevard/
Acroü'frcnvi/ Jewish/Center Entronco
HEY KIDS!
The next time you visit Village Inn
bring this coupon to receive a
FREE KID’S
MEAL
with the purchase of an adult entrée.
Good Food-. Good Feelings®
at any participating Village Inn. Drink and des*t‘ noU“d.“d“l
Not valid with any other offer. One coupon pet child pervwt
Valid for children 10 and under.
02003 VICORP Restaurant* Inc HQ-1SM
Ado About our
“panel/ KcuCyOncj/ Procrean/”
¿r "Early Bird/ Speoialy”
MerttConthty cid/for your
. fre& Kid/y Meal/
• Sentor CfáeqeríyVíAcount
• full/ Menu/ To-Qo-
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 105 =====
Center Youth Groups
Chalutzim
Grades 4 and 5
- 2004-2005 -
Chalutzim Officers
President
Rachel Stark
VP Social Action
Sam Goodman
VPs Programming
Danielle Wirsansky
Secretary
Megan Block
Treasurer
Elana Maiman
Members-at-Large
Nikki Bailys
Gabrielle Cohen
Jeffrey Goldring
Josh Gordon
Erica Katzin
Hannah Mizrahi
Josh Schoettler
Advisor
Kathy Stark
103
===== PAGE 106 =====
AAC001226
FLEET & ASSOCIATES
ARCHITECTS/PLANNERS, INC.
4041 Sunbeam Rd. Jacksonville FI. 32257
(904) 730-8103 FAX 730-8105
¿tízUon Q..
& c/fsáooiatss
ARCHITECTURAL PROGRAMMING SITE ANALYSIS
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGN SITE PLANNING
FEASIBILITY STUDIES REZONING/PUDS
SITE DEVELOPMENT EXCEPTIONS/VARIANCES
ROBERTS. FLEET, AIA
JANIS K. FLEET, AICP
The UPS Store™
When the world seems too big
and you don't know which way to turn . . .
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
— Since 1973 —
• COPIES
• COLOR COPIES
• PACKING
• SHIPPING
•FAX
•NOTARY
•PRIVATE MAILBOXES
•PASSPORT PHOTOS
• BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
•AND MUCH MORE
Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Families
3832 Baymeadows Road * Jacksonville
Next to Stonewood Grill - Baymeadows at San Jose
Phone: 904/739-1363 Fax: 904/739-1364
3601 Hendicks Avenue ^ f \ J / / /
FL. Lie. PY0002334 O70"/000
WE ARE KOSHER!
FUND
RAISING
11117 SAN JOSE BOULEVARD, JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA, 32223
SEE STORE MANAGER FOR FUNDRAISING OPPORTUNITIES!
904.262.4922
104
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 107 =====
Center Youth Groups
Charles Palot
KADMA
Grades 6, 7 & 8
— 2004-2005 -
Kadima Officers
Presidents
Richie Bailys
Charlie Raitt
VP - Programming
Amy Shuman
VP-Social Action
Sam Whitman
Secretary
Gabrielle Magid
Treasurer
Alyssa DeCrispino
Members-at-Large
Leah Friedman
Craig Herring
Shira Rittenberg
Jacob Robinson
GabeRosner
Advisors
Andy & Marc Raitt
Shari Shuman
105
===== PAGE 108 =====
THE
ICE
MAN
We Deliver 50 lb. Bags
of Cubed Ice
24 Hours a Day
We also Lease Ice Machines
Fast
Deliveries
Restaurants
Lounges • Motels
Special Events
Parties
384-2013
AMIRA’S
KOSHER MARKET
Wishing Our Friends and Customers a
Happy, Healthy New Year
Call (407) 767-7577
Delivery to Your Door
Every 2nd Thursday!
• Fresh Kosher Meats
• Groceries
• Frozen Gourmet Meals
• Entrees
• Side Dishes
• Finest Cold Cuts in town
• Party Trays
and much, much more
Strictly supervised by Va’ ad HaKashrut
Jerald I. Seebol, cfp
Senior Vice President — Investments
Consulting Group Associate
SmithBaeney^
citigroupJ
(904) 858-2347 — (800) 446-6044
Certified Financial Planner
stocks — bonds — mutual funds
financial and retirement planning
education funding plans
IRA accounts—401 (k) plans
1301 Riverplace Blvd., Suite 600
Jacksonville, FL 32207
FAX (904) 858-2390
jerald.i.seebol @ smithbamey.com
www.fc.smithbarney.com/jerald_seebol
106
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 109 =====
Center Youth Groups
United Synagogue Youth
Grades 9-12
2004-2005
U.S.Y. Officers
Presidents
Jeremy Bailys
Hallie Morris
Executive Vice Presidents
Zach Morris
Ashley Osterer
VP Social Action/Tikkun Olam
Ben Whitman
VP Religious/Education
Josh Fleet
VP Membership/Kadima
Louis Richman
VPs/Communications
Talia Fleet
Debra Mizrahi
Treasurer
Zach Pozin
Secretary
Jessica Rogozinski
Members-at-Large
Jordan Allerding, Ori Demri, Dana
Rogozinski, Laura Rogozinski,
Andrew Vining
Advisors
Karen & Todd Morse
Sheree & Tom Spriggs
===== PAGE 110 =====
We Are At Your Service
Barry Goldstein • Gene Kornblum
Linda Goldstein
Fo * * «
SPECIALIZING IN
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
A WINNING TEAM
THAT PRODUCES RESULTS!
Experienced, Knowledgeable, and
A Proven Performance Record
L Símalo Toi/alo
Owiq, Nátidlb, And, •Canit & Elan Catutfetv
LAKEWOOD ANIMAL CLINIC
Craig W. Sandler D.V.M
6030 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32217 (904) 733-4447
Sales • Leasing • Management
Consulting • Acquisitions
Income & Investment Properties
GOLDSTEIN
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery
At
North Florida Eye Clinic
George W. Sweat
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, INC.
Licensed Real Estate Bicker
3753-1 Cardinal Point Drive
Florida Certified Dispensing Optician
3020 Hartley Road, Suite 190
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Phone (904) 292-0004 Fax: (904) 292-0005
Telephone 367-0009 • Fax (904) 367-0220
Viediterrania
mRESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
3877 Baymeadows Road
just off San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 731-4492
I WILL BUY YOUR HOUSE
TODAY
Having A Hard Time Selling?
• Divorce • Need Cash • Moving
• Behind in Payments • Facing Foreclosure
Call
Tommy Mattox
Private Investor
730-9074
LAW OFFICES
BROWN, TERRELL, HOGAN, ELLIS,
McCLAMMA & YEGELWEL, P.A.
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday - Friday
11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
Saturday 5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
www.restaurant.com
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL32202 (904)632-2424
108
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 111 =====
Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that more than 50 of our youngsters participated in United Synagogue
summer programs. Scholarships to attend these programs are made possible through the generosity of the Abe
Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Men’s Club’s Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund, Center Israel Scholarship Fund, Center Sisterhood, Center Youth
Department, Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program, Myra Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah Fund, Sylvia Shorstein
Scholarship Fund and many anonymous contributors.
CAMP RAMAH - DAROM
Molly Appel, Rebecca Appel, Michael Appelbaum, Jeremy Bailys, Richard
Bailys, Josh Fleet, Aliza Goldstein, Garret Jaffe, Jonathan Kessler, Michael
Kessler, Tal Lee, Shimrit Lee, Brian
Levenson, Eric Levenson, Laurie
Lynch, Debra Mizrahi, Melissa
Neadle, Sarah Neadle, Rebekah
Pollan, Noah Pozin, Charlie Raitt,
Louis Richman, Leah Robbins, Dana
Rogozinski, Zach Rogozinski, Gabe
Rosner, Stephanie Seebol, Ben
Shorstein, Emily Talpalar, Abby Weiss, Jacob Weiss, Sam Whitman
and Michael Wohl.
CAMP RAMAH - NEW ENGLAND: Ashley Osterer
RAMAH - staff members: Geri Bernard, Max Horovitz, Dena Mizrahi, Sara Mizrahi, Lindsay Morris,
Jessica Osterer, Adam Rosner, Rachel Rosner, Drew Shenkman and Jonathan Tannen.
USY-ON-WHEELS
USY on Wheels, sponsored by United Synagogue of
Conservative Judaism, gives teenagers an opportunity to travel
around the United States seeing landmarks, historical sites and
national parks. In addition, they meet Jewish youth in the cities
in which they stay. Sarah Hunter, Hallie Morris, Jereme
Pozin, Sara Richman, Ben Whitman, Jon Mizrahi, Amy
Perlman, Zach Pozin, Laura Rogozinski and Melissa Wyzan
joined other USYers from around the country.
ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE
Ori Demri, Brett Eaglstein, Zach Morris, Mathew Shorstein.
For more information on these and other fíne youth programs, contact
Gayle Bailys, Center Youth Director, 268-4200, ext. 149.
109
===== PAGE 112 =====
maRk spfoak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Preschool Combo Classes for 3-5 year olds
BALLET •POINT
CHARACTER
JAZZ • TAP
HIP HOP • MODERN
PRIVATE CLASSES
Mornings & Nights
All Levels - 3 to Adult
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos. -21/2yrs. old
GYMNASTICS
ACROBATICS
SUMMER CAMP
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
MANDARIN
268-3583
3740 SAN JOSE PLACE
Behind Long John Silver’s
ORANGE PARK
272-1103
11911 Blanding Blvd.
[earéül
FRUIT COVE
287-4619
445 N. STATE RD 13,1/2 mile
south of Julington Creek Bridge
Far last Brokers
and Consultants, inc
6871 Belfort Oaks Place * Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone: 904-332-9006 • Fax: 904-332-9007
Email: febac@fareastbrokers.com
OSesi 7&)/sAes for a jtfeafiAy ancf Jfappy OCew year
Seeman & Nancy Zimmerman
Charles & Elyne Zimmerman
Morrie, Chase, Haskell Bennett & Wendell Zimmerman
Kim Zimmerman
no
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 113 =====
Scouting
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
The world of
Senior Girl Scouting is
exciting and challenging.
Senior Girl Scouts begin
to function individually,
with a more substantial
leadership role, with the
adult leader as an
advisor. Girls learn to
make decisions and set
long-term goals with
community service in
mind.
This year Troop 969 saw many long-term goals
realized.
We can be very proud of the four girls who
received the highest award received by a Cadette scout,
the Silver Award. To earn this award, a girl must plan
and execute a community service project, spending at
least 30 hours. Talia Fleet cleaned and painted an
outside play area of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
adding beauty to the Preschool. Michelle Jernigan
made 50 lunches for the Kid’s Café with the help of the
Brownie troop at the Center Morgan Owens and
Stephanie Shacter crocheted baby blankets that were
donated to Emergency Pregnancy Services. All the girls
participated in service to the community by cooking at
Ronald McDonald House, a favorite activity, and
teaching songs to children at the Web Center.
Our two remaining Cadettes bridged to Senior
Scouting; the highest level of Girl Scouting. Debbie
Shacter, our oldest girl scout, graduated from Stanton
College Preparatory high school with honors and as a
member of the National Honor Society. Her graduation
gift from the troop was a Lifetime Girl Scout membership.
The troop took a
wonderful trip to
Orlando, completely
funded by earnings from
3 years of Girl Scout
Cookie sales. Planning
and preparing for this trip
was a great learning
experience. The girls
investigated different
travel experiences from
which to choose a
destination. They learned about the cost of lodging,
transportation, food and recreational activities. The trip
they planned was a 3-day, 2-night stay in a suites-style
hotel in Orlando that included the leaders. We all spent
the first day at Sea World. That night, dinner was cheese
pizza and dessert was ice cream sundaes. Dinner cannot
be more fun than that! The next day was very special -
Discovery Cove, where we swam with dolphins, and all
other kinds of fish. This was truly a first-class park,
where all equipment is provided and a lovely afternoon
meal is served. That evening was spent at Downtown
Disney for the incredible Cirque du Soleil Show, La
Nouba. Of course there was time for souvenir shopping.
Girl Scouting provides girls with a wide variety of
opportunities to increase skills and responsibility by
earning “interest patches.” For the “Lure of Learning”
patch, the girls explored the rewards of being a Speech
Pathologist. In addition to learning, the scouts also teach
their new-found skills to each other. Kelly Siddons
taught the girls acting warm-up exercises for the
“Performing Arts” patch, and Stephanie Shacter taught
the girls about photography for the “Photography” patch.
We all had fun at the First Coast Technical Institute’s
famous culinary arts department, learning to prepare
pizza, salad, and brownies from scratch.
Thank you to all the parents for their wonderful
support of their daughters and Senior Troop 969!
- Helen Shacter & Shirley Jernigan
111
===== PAGE 114 =====
II Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace, Health
and Happiness be Yours throughout
the New Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
(904) 733-3529
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
(904) 733-8133
3716 University Blvd. South 9 Jacksonville, FL 32216
112
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 115 =====
Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
This year was very exciting for the Cub Scouts. We had
a new leader, as well as a great new group of Tiger Cubs.
Campouts seemed to be the theme this year, as we embarked
on six of them.
Our boys started the year searching for buried treasure
on the banks of the Suwannee River. The weather was gorgeous
as we hiked the banks and canoed down the river. Our next trip
took us to Manatee Springs where we took an incredible night
hike to the spring. The next day we swam in the spring. Not
bad for the middle of December! We also fished, canoed,
played, saw deer, and chased armadillos all over the place.
This was the place for nature.
In January, we blasted off to Kennedy Space Center for
an action packed weekend full of adventure and space
exploration. The Boy Scouts invited us to come along with
them, and we gladly accepted. After reaching the heights of
space, we landed on an aircraft carrier.
The most anticipated trip of the year was to the USS
Yorktown, docked in South Carolina. To spend a weekend living
aboard a real aircraft carrier was truly a great experience for
these young guys. During our stay, we went by boat to Fort
Sumter, where we raised the flag of the thirteen colonies. We
boarded a battleship, a coast guard cutter and a submarine.
Our boys really outdid themselves, and every other scout troop
aboard, by taking home first place in a weekend contest of
knowledge. Great job Pack 14!
With the Civil War in our spirits, what better place for
the next campout than right in our own backyard - Fort
Clinch? We spent a beautiful, sunny weekend. “Fort + kids
= natural playground.” We had the beach right there, too.
We fished, swam, flew kites and took a side trip aboard a
salvage ship, that was excavating gold coins from the bottom
of the ocean.
On every campout our
religious observances are just
as important as the campout
itself. We start on Friday with a
sundown Kiddush and have a
beautiful Saturday morning
service. From the beaches to the
springs, from rockets to flight
decks - our religious experiences were enhanced by the
beautiful and meaningful locations.
Throughout the year, our regular pack meetings were
hosted by each of the dens. We had talent shows, paper
plane races and
our second
annual balloon
night. Don’t
know what
balloon night
is? Just ask any
cub scout.
Only a few of us from Pack 14 made it to Scoutblast
2004 this year, but it turned out to be the largest campout of
all. About six or seven hundred scouts attended this huge
event. There wasn’t enough time to do everything during
the weekend. This was scouting at its best!
Well after all of this, we still had
the famous Pinewood Derby Race, one
more campout, the Blue and Gold
Recognition Dinner and a tube ride
down the pristine Ichetucknee River.
This year’s Pinewood Derby was
action packed from start to finish.
Congratulations to Alex Wolfson who
dominated the event with a car that not
only looked good but also sped to a
first place finish.
Scouting is an adventure. Scouting is a discipline for
the future. Scouting is just plain fun. Get Involved!
For information, call me at 262-0207.
— Cubmaster Marty Pett
113
===== PAGE 116 =====
CarCos Mírete
Tracy Crawford
www.labellafloraldesigns.com
4207 St. Johns Avenue • Jacksonville, Florida 32210
Tel or Fax: 904*387*0482 Toll Free: 888*240*5449
We Sell The Best...
Mandarin Paint Center
Baitfainin BUV MOOTG PcMtlt! Benjamin
Moore Afeorr
Paints
Located 1/2 mile North of I-95 on San Jose Blvd.
Mon-Fri 7-6 • Sat 8-4 Steve Taras
262-0728
114
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 117 =====
Scouting
Boy Scout Troopl4
Troop 14 continued the
scouting tradition begun in
1919 at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, with another
year of outdoor fun,
adventure and activities.
A scene from theannual Blue & Gold banquet.
Last August, Troop 14 went to Camp Blue Heron,
in Riceboro, Georgia, just south of Savannah. It was a
very memorable scouting experience for both first year
and experienced scouts.
iiiir ifcili l|ll
Six, first-year scouts
participated in the 5^.%^
woodsman program, which K » <4if' %
teaches the basic scouting P*
skills and crafts, f
Collectively, they completed
252 requirements toward
the rank of tenderfoot, ^
second class and first class. mK&J HIH
All of the scouts participated
in the traditional merit badge programs. The scouts
earned a total of 32 merit badges this year at camp.
We are proud to
announce that four of our
members achieved Boy
Scouting’s highest rank, the
Eagle Badge, during the Eagle
Court of Honor at this year’s
Blue and Gold Banquet.
Scoutmaster Louis Schwartz presided over the
evening which included speakers Bruce Horovitz and
Sol Proctor. Mr. Proctor, a former Boy Scout of Troop
14 and a 1945 Eagle Scout, delivered the charge to the
newest Eagle Scouts (pictured below 1 to r: Samuel
Schwartz, son of Louis & Jeri Schwartz, Louis
Richman, son of Deena & Jim Richman, Orí Demri,
son of Cindy & Moti Demri and Shaun Jackrel, son
of Debra & Ted Jackrel.
Other activities included fishing, swimming, riflery,
campfires and making friends with other scouts.
Thanks go to Scott Vining, who spent the entire
week at camp, as well as to Bruce Goldring and Bruce
Stark, who each volunteered a night.
Among the rigorous requirements these scouts earned
21 merit badges, held leadership positions and completed
community projects. Ori Demri refurbished the Center’s
snack bar and Louis Richman built benches for the Center’s
Recreational Park. Shaun Jackrel developed a plan for a
golf fundraiser to benefit the Science Fair Association of
Duval County. Sam Schwartz build benches for the Torah
Or Academy of Etz Chaim.
Troop 14 looks forward to another year of camping,
sports community service and great fun. Boys, ages 11
to 18, are invited to participate.
For more information, call me at 268-8717.
— Scoutmaster, Louis Schwartz
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
Cameo Kitchens
Personalized Kitcken and Bath Planning
by Cyndi Markis
By Appointment
• Kitcken & Batk Specialists
• Computer Design
• Counter Tops - Granite & Solid Surfaces
Pkone: 280-3070
Berman Bros., Inc*
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 353-3694
Lynne & Alan Greene
Owners
sunshopl @ aol.com
www.sunshineshop.com
Símshomoa, Specialist
5<mshine ,
Shop 1
645 A1A - Beach Blvd. • St. Augustine Beach, FL 32080 • 904 - 471- 6899
St. Augustine’s One Stop Beach Shop - Everything for the Beach for Everyone in the Family
MORRIS & MORRIS PA, CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
It's Our
To Your Needs
•ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
Pleasure.
• ESTATES AND TRUSTS
A wonderful shopping experience. That's the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the
very best in quality, selection and service.
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
P
SUPERMARKETS
Where shopping is a pleasure.
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 737 - 4241
116
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 119 =====
Recreation
Gamp Neshama was a Blast!
It was a fabulous summer and busy summer at
Camp Neshama, with especially high numbers of campers
attending. Campers made friends from all over Florida
and the United States, as we welcomed many
newcomers to Jacksonville.
Our activities were numerous and varied. Everyday,
campers swam, had arts and crafts, played games and
sports, enjoyed great kosher lunches and snacks and did
a special activity. There were sleepovers with night
swimming, movie nights and a closing dance party. Each
week different
cabins had the
opportunity to
bake hallah for
the camp’s
S h a b b a t
celebrations
every Friday.
Campers battled
it out in our “Color
Wars.” There
was a fabulous
talent show. Of course, no camp day would be complete
without a game of bombardment or snow cones.
Specialty Camps were wonderful. Karate, bowling,
yoga, outdoor adventure, ceramics, computers, jazz, hip/
hop, cooking, cheerleading, scrapbooking, basketball, and
tennis were offered in addition to the regular camp
activities.
This summer, Camp
Neshama was visited by the
American Camping Association.
A rigorous review process
occurs every three years. Our
camp again received high marks
in all areas. ,
Everyone looked forward to the exciting field trips
which included trips to Tree Hill Nature Center, Alhambra
Theatre, Jacksonville Zoo, NAS Jax, Adventure Landing
and boating on
the Annabelle
Lee, as well as
miniature golf,
ice skating,
bowling, roller
skating, We
even saw
“Sleeping
Beauty” and
some “Fairy
Godmothers.”
Terrific visitors came to Camp Neshama with a
petting zoo, interesting critters, train rides, moon
bounces, water slides and karate demonstrations.
Our summer concluded with two wonderful weeks
with Partnership 2000 teenagers from Israel sponsored
by the Jacksonville Jewish Federation. Campers learned
about our visitors and their life in Israel. They had the
opportunity to create interesting projects and experience
a small portion of what it is like to be an Israeli teen.
Thank you to a wonderful, hard working, dedicated
and loving staff. The sounds of joy and laughter, water
splashing, balls bouncing, hands clapping, kids singing
and chatting were heard throughout the camp day
because of your efforts to make Camp Neshama a
wonderful experience.
Look for another exciting and fun filled summer at
Camp Neshama 2005!
— Pamela Maman, Director
===== PAGE 120 =====
Youth Basketball League
The goal of the Youth Basketball League (YBL) is to provide area boys and girls with the
opportunity to have fun, improve physical skills, promote good sportsmanship and team spirit and
experience a strong and positive athletic environment.
All the games and practices are held in the Fletcher-Selber Auditorium of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Thank you to Scott Zimmerman, who coordinated a very successful program, and to the
volunteer coaches for their valuable assistance and time. We look forward to an exciting 2004-2005
season.
League Two
2A BULLS - Coaches: Bud Wolfson, Scott Vining Team: Michael
Ansbacher, Geoffrey Berlin, Benyamin Spalter, Sparky Vining,
Alex Wolfson, Jared Wolfson, Sam Yarish.
2B LAKERS - Coaches: Larry Hecht, Marty Pett.
Team:Michelle Cagan, Jacob Hecht, Elana Maiman, Trudy
Morse, Charlie Pett, Aron Zimmerman.
2C JAZZ (NO PHOTO AVAILABLE
Coaches: Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Daren Jaffe.
Team: lian Ben-Moshe, Aaron
League Three
3 A HORNETS - Coaches: Les Blumenfeld, Daren Jaffe.Team:
Sam Bernard, Max Blumenfeld, Erica Cagan, Garret Jaffe, Larry
Richter, Danielle Rogozinski.
3B HAWKS - Coaches: Larry Hecht, Bruce Stark.Team:
Benjamin Hecht, Josh Goranson, Gad Lee, Maci Morse, Dor
Eitan Spalter, Rachel Stark.
3C PISTONS - Coaches: Len Ferman, Len Magid. Team:
Rachael Buff, David Ferman, Ben Gershon, Gabrielle Magid,
Isaac Pearl, Max Rogozinski.
118
===== PAGE 121 =====
Youth Basketball League
League Four League Five
4A HEAT ( No photo available)
Coaches: Max Horovitz, Josh Rogozinski.Team:
Brandon Epstein, Adam Friedman, Jordan Koslowski, Michael
Poplovski, Zach Rogozinski, Jacob Weiss, Sam Whitman.
4B MAGIC - Coaches: Bud Wolfson, Scott Vining. Team:
Michael Appelbaum, Matthew Kingson, Steven Lewis, Noah
Pozin, Kyle Vining, Jacob Wolfson.
4C WIZARDS - Coaches: Kenny Kraemer, Adam Rosner.
Team: Marcus Bettman, Jeremy Ferman, Ben Gatewood, Sam
Levine, David Right, Jonathan Rogozinski, Gabe Rosner.
5A NETS (No photo available)
Coach: Steven Frisch.Team: Deris Johnson, Kirill Leonov,
Michael Meisel, Michael Ohayan, Adam Rosner, Josh
Rogozinski, Andrew Schemer, Sebastian Shaw, Andrew Vining.
5B NICKS - Coach: Ben Smith. Team: Brett Jackrel, Shaun
Jackrel, Kenny Kraemer, Josh Mandelkom, Jonathan Passen,
Jereme Pozin, Louis Richman, Sam Schwartz, Sam Warfield.
5C 76ERS - Coaches: Alan Mizrahi, Sean Arnold. Team: Ori
Demri, Mathew Glassman, Rod Goldenberg, Max Horovitz,
Jimmy Knowles, Kevin McElhaney, Jon Mizrahi, Louis
Portnoy, Andrew Weiss.
4D PACERS - Coaches: Jonathan Passen, David Selber,
Brandon Trager. Team: Jake Allerding, Richie Bailys, Zach Buff,
Michael Cagan, Matthew Harris, Aaron Stark, Mitchell Wohl.
5D CELTICS - Coaches: Todd Sager, Ben Setzer. Team: Jordan
Axelrod, Jeremy Bailys, Eugene Lyutov, Zach Morris, Zach
Pozin, David Price, David Selber, Joseph Yarish.
119
===== PAGE 122 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you
want. The main number for the JJC switchboard will remain 292-
1000. When all the circuits are busy, a recorded message will offer step
by step instructions to the extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department
or person, simply dial: 268-4200 and follow the recorded
instructions. If your party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity
to leave a voice message or return to the switchboard.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL EXTENSIONS: Dial 268-4200, then...
110 Rhoda Goldstein, Receptionist
111 Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Manager
112 Bruce Horovitz, Executive Director
113 Lori Schoettler, Assistant Administrator
114 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
115 Dereen Murray, Rabbi Lubliners Secretary
116 Solomon Schechter Day School Office
Andy White, Secretary
117 Inez Accord - Bookkeeping Dept. (Dues)
118 Dr. Judy Stoner, Director of Education and
Head of Schools
120 SSDS Computer Lab - Theresa Pepe
121 Janet Husney,
Extended Day Programs Director
122 Camp Neshama - summer day camp
129 Library - Louise Leonard, SSDS Librarian
142 Margo’s Catering
143 Preschool Office
Shirley Thacker, Secretary
144 Dale Schemer, Early Childhood Director
145 Religious School & Youth Department
146 Lois Tompkins, Religious School Director
147 Willard Kennedy, Day School Principal
148 Solomon Schechter Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring, Admin. Assistant
149 Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
150 Richard Ford, Maintenance Supervisor
151 Kim Winters - Bookkeeping Dept.
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Baal Tefilah
224 Scott Zimmerman, Ritual Director
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Coordinator
Quick Guide to Jacksonville s Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Jacksonville Jewish Federation 448-5000
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation 394-0720
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Hebrew Home/
Wolson Health & Aging Center 260-1818
Beth Shalom Congregation 268-0404
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubovitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim 262-3536
120
===== PAGE 123 =====
Supporters Of The Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200
Fax (904) 268-5292
This directory is for informational purposes.
It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
* Sisterhood ** Men's Club Member As of August I, 2004
— A —
— B —
===== PAGE 124 =====
Experience an exceptional dining
adventure in our
“Omaha Steakhouse.”
Take advantage of our indoor pool,
whirlpool, sauna and fitness center.
Stay in one of our spacious two-room suites,
each with a private living room and separate
bedroom. Kick off your shoes and relax,
because this is your home away from home.
Enjoy a COMPLIMENTARY, full cooked-
to-order breakfast and
COMPLIMENTARY Manager’s reception
in our breathtaking atrium.
Come see why Embassy Suites Hotel is
Jacksonville’s premier hotel!
Call for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Weddings,
Rehearsal Dinners, Birthdays, Anniversaries,
Corporate Events, or just count on us to
handle your special night out!
We provide COMPLIMENTARY
transportation for our guests to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
EMBASSY SUITES
HOTEL*
9300 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone: (904) 731-3555
Fax: (904) 448-6933
www.embassysuitesjax.com
122
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 125 =====

===== PAGE 126 =====
Bessie Hoilman Drywall Inc.
Residential or Commercial
• Metal Framing
• Acoustical Ceilings
• Textured Ceilings
• Insulation
• Remodeling Jobs - small & large
Bessie Hoilman
owner
617 N. Temple Avenue
Starke, Florida 32091
Phone: (904) 759-6091
Fax: (904) 964-8990
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
124
===== PAGE 127 =====
125
===== PAGE 128 =====
Family accommodations that won’t cramp my style.
My Homewood.
A quality suite with fuly equipped kitchen versus a small hotel room. A
complimentary hot breakfast served daily in the lodge. Outdoor swimming pool and
whirlpool. Daily maid service, same day drycleaning. Just visit
homewoodsuites.com or call 1-800-CALL-HOME®.
MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME.™
Contact Randy Nathan
Director of Sales
website:
homewoodsuitesjacksonville.com
Ask how you can earn a
complimentary suites for Bar/Bat
Mitzvahs and Weddings. Friday
through Sunday.
Homewood Suites by Hilton
8737 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone: 904 733-9299
TheHUtonl&iniJy
*Some hotels have studio suites. ’Monday through Thursday, sutyect to state and local laws. ©2004 Hilton Hospitality, Inc.
Hilton HHonors*
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
126
===== PAGE 129 =====

===== PAGE 130 =====
Curves is 30 minute fitness,
common sense weight loss and all the
Support needed to achieve your goals.
Opens at 6 a.m.
Mandarin
10033 San Jose Blvd.
886-0234
Opens at 6 a.m.
Julington Creek
465 State Rd. 13
Fruit Cove, FL 32259
230-2820
Opens at 6 a.m.
Baymeadows
10920 Baymeadows
at 9A
519-2222
! FREE MONTH !
when you mention this ad
128
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 131 =====

===== PAGE 132 =====
Claude Nolan
BREAK (Bj THROUGH
CADILLAC CIS
CADILLAC SRX
'T
CADILLAC ESCALADE
CADILLAC STS
Claude
Since 1905
BREAK iB?) THROUGH
BEGIN A LASTING RELATIONSHIP
4700 SOUTHSIDE BLVD. ¥ ACROSS FROM TINSELTOWN
904-642-5111 ¥ www.claudenolan.com
130
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 133 =====

===== PAGE 134 =====
Over 500 stores
offer you the biggest selection
at the lowest prices!
Party Supplies, Party Favors,
Balloons & Helium,
Seasonal Decorations,
Costume Shop Open Year Round,
Cards, Invitations, Gift Wrap,
Catering Supplies
Open 7 Days
6 Nights
11112-12 San JoseBlvd.
262-2800
9400 Atlantic Blvd.
425-3124
6001-29 Argyle Forest Blvd.
777-1318
132
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 135 =====

===== PAGE 136 =====
From One Generation To Another
Lasting traditions start at home with family and friends.
WeVe been a proud partner in your lasting traditions
of home furnishings since 1924.
LIBERTY
5555 University Blvd. West 737-3700 Since 1924
libertyfurnitureonline.com
134
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 137 =====

===== PAGE 138 =====
T opico’s»
Where South Beach Meets New York
Fresh Gourmet Dining
Full Service
Breakfast — Lunch — Dinner
• Breakfast Bagels & Breads - a Specially!
• Hot & Cold New York Style Deli Sandwishes
• South Beach & Fresh Tropical Fruit Salads
• Plenty of Heart-Healthy Cuisine
• Fresh Fish & Pasta
Fresh “52” Season Dinners served
Wednesdcty, Thursday and Friday
Children Welcome — Kid’s Menu & Play Area
Fabulous Desserts
Featuring desserts from New York’s Famous “Carnegie Deli”
9545 San Jose Blvd. • 268-1212
at the comer of Sunbeam Road and San Jose next to World Gym
136
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 139 =====

===== PAGE 140 =====
1440 San Marco BU?dL telephone 398.1949 www.BistroX.com
Tk average tomato ka;
S7.%5 W
IIt; all i* tk detail;.
At Tk loop, paying attention to detail i; j4 o*e oí
tk reato*; voeve bee* to tocce;;íA íor over 10 year;.
It /*ea*; ;eatonin<j o>r íood vuitk krb; that are
knd cvt daily. It alto /*ea*; preparing everyth*-)
to order. Experience it íor yo^elh
Viát a*y oí <*r 11 Firft Coatf location; today.
the loop
¡r$>a 3^9?
VAJvOuO.CoOppi^yitl.CO^
138
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 141 =====
II : i ¡‘ i. i ;
!'. 111 .> I
===== PAGE 142 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, Inc.
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
(904) 388-2696
Tampa, Florida
(813) 623-1911
Orlando Florida
(407) 841-4670
Gainesville Florida
(352) 377-2420
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION,
AIR CONDITIONING AND PLUMBING
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR
CMCOO8140
PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CFC09184
140
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
FARMERS
MARKE1
You are invited to enjoy
the FRESHEST and WIDEST
selection of PRODUCE
in town . . . arriving FRESH DAILY!
— RETAIL — WHOLESALE —
— Since 1938 —
LOCATED AT THE BEAVER STREET VIADUCT
1780 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
(904) 354-2821
Open 365 Days A Year — Dawn to DUSK
Up to 150 Farmers and Venders
Convenient “Drive-up” Parking • Restaurant and Restrooms on Premises
142
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====

===== PAGE 146 =====
HEART IS.
Statistics show that 48.6% of people age 65 and over may spend some time
in a nursing home.1 But the truth is that most people, even when faced with
long-term care needs, would rather stay at home.
A long-term care insurance policy from John Hancock can help cover the
care you receive at home. It also covers care in an assisted living facility
or a nursing home. It s nice to know that if you or your spouse ever had a
long-term illness or injury, you both would have the option to get the
care you need in a place where you’re more comfortable, familiar with
your surroundings, and close to your family and friends.
Find out more about an insurance policy that will help you stay at home.
1. Health Insurance Association of America, Long-Term Care! Knowing the Risk, Paying
the Price, 1997.
Mark Lodinger
& Associates
8834 Goodby’s Executive Drive • Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone 737-9166 Fax 448-9578
CALL NOW FOR MORE INFORMATION 904-737-9166
Long-term care insurance policies are underwritten by John Hancock Life
Insurance Company, Boston, MA 02117. The Long-Term Care Insurance
policy describes coverages under the policy, exclusions and limitations,
what you must do to keep policy in force, and what would cause your
policy to be discontinued. Please contact the licensed representative or
John Hancock for more information, costs and complete details on coverage.
144
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====
iMniiiin
===== PAGE 148 =====
DESIGN GROUP, INC.
4231 Walnut Bend Suite 2 Jacksonville. Fl
904-262-4008/Facsimile 904-262-4058
RAYMOND D. SCOTT
INTERIORS
All Out
PRODUCTION S-
We Go All Out - We Make It Happen
EVENT PLANNING AND PRODUCTION
Pristine Painting
COMERCIAL & RESIDENTIAL
&e¿t lAJük&i
from
AGRIPROCESSORS SOUTH
Miami, fyloaida
Official Kosher Meat Suppliers of
Margo’s Catering
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
c
PINCH-A-PENNY
pooL-mno-sPA
The Perfect People For A Perfect Pool
-.YOUR POOL & PATIO
SUPERSTORE!
11200 San Jose Blvd.
268-9561
Count on
winnUinxe
to help you
during the holidays
and all year round.
146
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====
I
ni M iiia .i M*
===== PAGE 150 =====
• • • •
• •
mmiiilHiPtechnnlngifig
GROUP
% . y
fIb* Build A'W**'
services
Assessment-powered enhancement of workplace performance:
S Employee selection systems
S Executive assessment, coaching and leadership development
S Organizational change management and team building
specialty
Web-based integrated:
S Recruitment
S Screening
S Selection
Performance Management
'A Now providing video conferencing
Assessment Technologies Group
4899 Belfort Road • Suite 190 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
1.800.737.5622 • 904.332.7227 • Fax 904.332.7223 • www.assessment-tech.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====

===== PAGE 152 =====
Wishing
Our Friends
and Clients
a Happy
New Year
The hirins of an attorney is a" important deeisioi
Before vou tlecirfe. ask ns to sentí you free "ritte
The Jacksonville office of
Akerman Senterfitt offers a full
range of legal services, with a
strong focus on real estate and
land use, corporate, business
and contract law, tax, employ¬
ment, litigation, health care,
bankruptcy, high-tech, banking
and public finance.
Fort Lauderdale • Jacksonville • Miami
Orlando • Tallahassee • Tampa
Washington, DC • West Palm Beach
Akerman
Senterfitt
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
Leonardo J. Maiman ímkümumi»
904-798-3700 ■
that should not be based solely upon advertisements,
information about our qualifications and experience.
WERS1
OF MANDARIN
“Flowers Say the Nicest Things"
• Bar and Bat Mitzvah's
• Weddings
• Special Events
268-2466
Fax 268-2130
10029 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
www.flowersmandarin.com
2SP O feleflouf
Major Credit Cards Accepted • Commercial & Corporate Accounts Welcome
150
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====

===== PAGE 154 =====
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating - Ventilation • 'Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
I Hi president
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd.S. Phone (904)620-9130
Jacksonville, Florida 32224 Fax (904) 642-0224
. Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC1249241
Football Fanatics
Avenues Mall Orange Park Mall
519-°099 #|i§iffes 29M939
Fanatics
“The Official Jaguar’s Team Store and so much more!”
Shop at home at www.footballfanatics.com
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
152
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====

===== PAGE 156 =====
WISHING ALL A HAPPY, HEALTHY & PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR!
FOR THE HEART & SOUL
CONTEMPORARY JUDAICA
MENORAT - MEZZUZOT - DREIDELS
SHABBAT CANDLESTICKS - KIDDUSH CUPS
WEDDING GIFTS - BAR & BAT MITZVAH GIFTS
ALL HAND- MADE-ALL ONE- OF- A- KIND!
UNIQUE JEWELRY - MYSTICAL ART GLASS - POTTERY & CERAMICS
FINE WOOD - FRAMED ARTWORK - UNEXPECTED GIFTS
HOME ACCESSORIES...& SO MUCH MORE!
“THE BEACHES MOST UNIQUE FINE ART & CRAFT GALLERY”
Gary Rosenthal Collection
IN SAWGRASS VILLAGE 1720 SAWGRASS VILLAGE DRIVE
PONTE VEDRA BEACH, FL. 32082 904.280.5778
w-;.
i
1(0:
n
4%
adam's mawJc
Jacksonville
Located Downtown on the St Johns Rivj|
225 Coast Line Drive E
Jacksonville, FL 32202
904.633.9095
www. adamsmark. com
FoT Your Next Fig SlTHchil you can trust the catering staff of
The Adam's Mark Hotel Jacksonville to expertly prepare kosher meals to
your liking. Our Banquet Service Managers have existing relationships with
local rabbis, so you can be sure every aspect of your event will be carefully
planned under their supervision. All kosher meals are prepared from scratch
and served with Adam s Mark's award-winning style. We can even provide
you with customized menus. Adam's Mark Hotels offer a variety of
wedding, Bar/Bat Mitzvah and holiday packages tailored to your needs.
For kosher catering choose Adam's Mark where superior service is a tradition.
All Adam’s Mark hotels and facilities provide service regard to race or color, and Adam’s Mark is committed to providing quality service and treatment to all of its guests and patrons. If you believe that
you foe experienced discrimination or have been, treated uW|p$y beea»|e of your race or color, Adam’s Mark urges you to share your concerns with our compl anee officer by calling the toll-free number at 877-754-9940. |
154
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 157 =====

===== PAGE 158 =====
COCKTAIL LOUNGE • TEMPURA
CcWKuid Befares 'wur Eyes
• Sushi BaryChildrerr 'lenu • TeppanyaKi Tholes
• MeetingSsrDthe^Unctions • Wedding Reíiearsals
Private Parties • Private Banquets
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - LUNCH St DINNER
292-2400 ‘s? 642-2626
11154 San Jose Blvd.
1-295
KAN-KI*
i d
8
All Major
Credit Cards
Gift Certificates
Available
4483 Southside Blvd.
BEACH BLVD.
Z
SOUTHSIDE
BLVD
★kan-ki
(mcurowN)
JT BUTLER
156
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 159 =====

===== PAGE 160 =====
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., RA.
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ears, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 262-7“ENT” (7368)
www.ent4kids.net
FORD, BOWLUS, DUSS, MORGAN, KENNEY, SAFER, & HAMPTON, P.A.
Attorneys At Law
10110 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 268-7227
Michael Bowlus
John S. Duss, IV
Robert A. Ford (of counsel)
Wade McK. Hampton
Theresa M. Kenney
AREAS OF PRACTICE
Estate Planning, Commercial and Residential Real Estate, Elder Law and Medicaid Planning, Probate
and Guardianship, Litigation, Business Law, and Bankruptcy Law.
The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements.
Before you decide, ask for written information about qualifications and expenses.
Stacie L. C. McElroy
Robert M. Morgan
Eliot J. Safer
Katherine B. Schnauss
Darden M. Yerkes
158
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====
A
ATLANTIC
FORMERLY
-westecKM
SECURITY
SECURITY A COMMUNICATIONS A AUDIO/VIDEO
LIGHTING CONTROL A STRUCTURED WIRING A CCTY
ACCESS CONTROL A CENTRAL YAC A CONNECTED HOME
Award Winning
Top Company Agent
Are you buying, selling
or relocating?
Dottie Shlafer Wilson & Coldwell Banker
Walter Williams Realty, Inc.
are two names you can trust
with all your real estate needs.
since 1968
one mission “Quality”
sales • service • install
1714 Cesery Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
FL: (904) 743-8444 GA: (912) 264-8679
Fax: (904) 743-8466
LIC. EFÜ001226
UC. LU405163
Dottie Shlafer Wilson,realtor®
Certified Residential Specialist
Graduate Real Estate Institute
Certified Residential Relocation Specialist
10450 San Jose Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office (904) 394-2850
Direct (904) 699-3231
Fax (904) 268-3923
email homeagentl @ aol.com
www.NorthFloridaHomes.com
GOUHUeU.
ban Ivetta
'M.LllR WILLIAMS
REALTY INC
ST JOHNS SEAFOOD & STEAKS
featuring
Bridal Lingerie • Sleepwear & Robes
Breast Prosthesis • Surgical Stockings
Specializing in Custom Fitted Bras
Carol S. Bryant
PRESIDENT
2700 Park Street
corner Park & King
384-9937
SERVING JACKSONVILLE SINCE 1983
7546 Beach Boulevard 721-4888
7001-42 Merrill Road 745-0304
1403-21 Dunn Avenue 696-1023
1161 S. Lane Avenue 378-5050
9825-1 San Jose Boulevard 338-9349
14444-2 Beach Boulevard 992-4543
551856 US Highwy 1 845-2288
Hillard, FL
160
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 163 =====

===== PAGE 164 =====
RAMADA I MINI
Serving Jacksonville for 20 Years
A True Family Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
DARiFAIR
and
TM1-
Italian Restaurant
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
E-mail: gvito7@aol.com
The Block Family
MJishina
efrlth, fyfovviness
A-ntf
prasvzritu
in the. Csoynina tjecir.
162
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 165 =====
Hi I*i h» Hi It Hi Fi HI In W #*i i«i Mi
!¡i §rt lii !¡! i ¡if !;i I! I-;i .¡:! ¡ji ¡¡s
2
===== PAGE 166 =====
30 LOCATIONS IN
JACKSONVILLE
Hair cutterv
more is less'
For the tocaron nearest you call I -800-956-HAIR or
Visit our website at www.haircuttery.com
M. David Epstein
Attorney at Law
Elder Law - Medicaid Law
Wills - Trusts - Guardianships
Probate - Powers of Attorney
A law practice sincerely committed to
serving the legal needs of aging, elderly and
retired people and their families, with
compassion, caring and integrity. Dedicated
to assisting these clients in protecting their
assets, preserving their independence and
maintaining their security, as they confront
the mental, physical, emotional and financial
concerns of aging and illness.
2955 Hartley Road
Suite 107
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 260-3007
Fax:(904) 260-3063
epsteinlaw@bellsouth.net
Light, Bright & Beautiful
United Lighting
Company, Inc.
Specializing in
Lighting Fixtures of all types
Casablanca Fans
Over 100 lines to choose from
Monday thru Friday
8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
904-680-0874
5716-1 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
& EverBank
Southed#
(In Cypress Point Plaza}
Boulevard " 8100 Nations Way
(904)260-6224 (904)281-2400 ,
Jacksonville, Ft 32267 FL «^r^OMlOllOA
Oceanway Downtown .
. 104 Hew Berlin Road 300 West Adams S
(904)714-1162 * ' (904) 350-7523
Jacksonville. FL3Z218 JacksonvSle, FL 32202
164
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 167 =====

===== PAGE 168 =====
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
“Thanks for your Patronage ”
Mandarin Landing
(between Eckerds & Publix)
10612-12 San Jose Blvd.
268-5949
PROTEO YOUR MOST
VALUABLE ASSET...
YOUR HOME
So don’t let termites destroy il«or ugly pests turn it into an undesirable place
to live. Call us for all your Termite and Pest Control needs.
Our state-of-the-art services include:
• Seutrkoa •Teñidor • Once-A-Year pest control
Call Now For A free Estimate
BRANDON
uPest Control
^ ^ ^ ^
“Brandon has a nose for bugs”
Home Of ‘‘Brandon,” N.L Florida’s Only Certified Termite Detection Dog.
Free K-9 Inspection By Brandon With Any Sentrkon Or Termidor Program.
iadso«ie:904-73H91i Beaches: 904-285-6342
Orange Park 904-272-1920 St. Augustine: 904-826-4362
www.pestfree.com
AFFORDABLE
CLOSET
SOLUTIONS, INC.
«OOSEIMAJD
904.287.8388
WWW.AFFORDABLECLOSETSJAX.COM
Dermatology Center
Diseases, Surgery and Laser of the Skin, Hair and Nails
N. Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA*, Dale R. Charneco, MD,
William Garvin, MD and Associates
Dlplomates, American Board of Dermatology
Fellows, American Academy of Dermatology
Fellow, Florida Society of Dermatology Surgery11
COMPLETE LASER SERVICES - INTRODUCING THE Contour** & MEOLITEIV LASERS - BOTOX
COSMETIC DERMATOLOGY & SURGERY - COLLAGEN - SKIN CARE PRODUCTS & PkOGkAhKS
CHEMICAL. REFRESHER, DIAMOND & Contour** PEELS - SPIDER VEINS - PERMANENT MAKEUP
2055 Professional Center Drive Orange Park, FL 32073 (904) 276-4500
166
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 169 =====
It is the aim of the Center Yearbook staff to provide you with the most current directory information
about our member families. Please take a moment to review your listing and report any changes or
errors, so that corrections can be made to all Center administrative records.
Names of new members, as well as corrections, will be printed in the Center Bulletin as they are
received. Use this convenient space to add them to your Yearbook Directory.
SUSANNE COHEN
REALTOR®
Sales Associate
(904) 394-2313 Voicemail
(904) 716-7557 Mobile
s.cohen @ coldwellbanker.com
WALTER WILLIAMS
REALTY, INC.
445 SR 13 North, Ste 6B
Jacksonville, FL 32259
0?ic6£tMfy
LATHING - PLASTERING - STUCCO
METAL STUDS - DRYWALL - DRYVTT
ACCOUSTTCAL TILE - FLOOR COVERING
Each Office Is Independently
Owned And Operated
PHONE 1703 LAMBERT STREET
(904) 359-0314 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32206
The Security
Professionals
We ate locally owned and
committed to providing the
highest level of professional
sen/ice expected in today’s
business world.
We provide
security fon
•Commercial Buildings
•Sporting Events
• Industrial Facilities
• Residential
Communities
Lie. #B 9400151
River City Security
Services, Inc.
3728 Philips Hwy,
Suite 213
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Tei: 346-0488
We believe in quality sendee
above all else.
Call us for all your protection
needs.
Visit us on the web at:
www.tivercitysecurity.com
River City
Security Services, Inc
167
===== PAGE 170 =====
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your glass
needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
With Lee and Cates Glass...
"You're going to see a big difference/’
20 North Florida—South Georgia Locations
to better serve you
SALES • PROFESSIONAL CLEANING • RESTORATION
7999 PHILLIPS HIGHWAY • SUITE 307 • JAX. FL 32256
904.730.2121 • FAX 730.2080
Regular Delivery to Jacksonville
Glatt Kosher Meat • Deli • Poultry
2153 Briarcliff Rd. NE
Atlanta GA 30329
404-636-1114
Fax: 404-636-8675
Local Representative:
Laura Osofsky
904-733-3780
1 -800 -305 -6328 (MEAT)
we Treat You
zl
PEOPlf • PRODUCT • PRICE • PERFORMANCE
fpgipi
Z-t AN AMERICAN RrVOUJTION
"The Chevy Place"
2600PHIUPS HIGHWAY *398-3036
MICHAEL
349-6401
Fax 287-4286
CBC025216
CBCA25216
CONSTRUCTION
MANAGEMENT
AND
CONSULTING
COMMERCIAL
AND RESIDENTIAL
LAND
DEVELOPMENT
CHOCOLATE
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
904-262-9122
fax: 904-292-9559
www.3sisterschocolate.com
Unique gift packaging
Handmade truffles and
chocolates
Caramel nut corns
Homemade pastries
Wholesale and retail
EVPS, INC.
EDWARD FERNANDEZ
Phone: 356-2257
Fax: 354-1521
233 E. BAY STREET SUITE
1116
JACKSONVILLE, FI 32202
Videoing for “your’' lifetime.
168
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 171 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
October 2004
Tishri 16, 5765 - Heshvan 16, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
i|6:53PM
SUKKOTII
Tishri 16
Saturday
2 §7:55PM
SUKKOT III
USY Wheels/lsrael Shabbat
Levine/Colonna AufRuf (am)
Fixel BBNaming (pm)
Tishri 17
SUKKOT IV
Tishri 18
SUKKOTV
Tishri 19
SUKKOT VI
Tishri 20
6 »6:47PM
HOSHANAH RABBAH
S'hood Board 9:30am
¡¡6:45PM
§7:47PM
SHEMINI ATZERET (YIZKOR)
Tishri 22
SIMCHAT TORAH
Tishri 23
Ramah Shabbat
Levine Wedding
Tishri 24
10
Tishri 25
11
12
13
14
15
¡¡6:37PM
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
Tishri 26
P/S Open House
PreSchool Pictures
PTA Board
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
PreSchool Pictures
Tishri 29
ROSH HODESH
Levenson BMitzvah
Tishri 30
-J 0 §7:39PM
ROSH HODESH
Levenson BMitzvah
Heshvan 1
17
Heshvan 2
18
19
20
21
Heshvan 3
Finance Meeting 8am
Heshvan 5
Exec & Board Meeting 6:15
22 ¡¡6:30PM
Friedman BMitzvah
Greenburg Shabbat Dinner
23 §7:32PM
Friedman BMitzvah
Heshvan 8
24
Greenburg Wedding
25
26
27
28
29
¡¡6:23PM
S'hood Luncheon
Heshvan 10
Heshvan 13
30 §7:25PM
Florida/Georgia Game
Heshvan 15
31
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
“Your Total Communications Company”
• VOICE OVER IP APPLICATIONS
• VOICE MAIL SYSTEMS
• VOICE & DATA CABLING
• PBX / KEY SYSTEMS
• CTISOULTIONS
NEC TOSHIBA
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Authorized Sales & Service
Communications Engineer
Over 33 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
904-363-0033
8917 Western Way • Suite 20 • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
169
===== PAGE 172 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
November 2004
Heshvan 17, 5765 - Kislev 17, 5765
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
1
No School
Teacher In Service
2
3
S'hood Board 9:30am
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
4
5
||5:18PM
6
§6:20PM
River Garden Gala
Schuster Wedding
Heshvan 17
Heshvan 18
Heshvan 19
Heshvan 20
Heshvan 21
Heshvan 22
7
8
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
9
10
PTA Board
11
12
l|5:13PM
DuBow BMitzvah
USY Away
13
§6:16PM
DuBow BMitzvah
USY Away
Heshvan 23
Heshvan 24
Heshvan 25
Heshvan 26
Heshvan 27
Heshvan 28
Heshvan 29
14
ROSH HODESH
15
16
17
Finance Meeting 8am
S'hood Evening Meeting
18
Exec & Board Meeting 6:15
19
||5:10PM
Kadima Convention
USY/LTI Away
20
§6:13PM
Kadima Convention
USY/LTI Away
Kislev 1
Kislev 2
Kislev 3
Kislev 4
Kislev 5
Kislev 6
Kislev 7
21
Kadima Convention
22
Nursery Program
23
24
25
Thanksgiving Day
26
¡¡5:08PM
Goldstein BMitzvah
No School
27
§6:11PM
Goldstein BMitzvah
Kislev 8
Kislev 9
Kislev 10
Kislev 11
Kislev 12
Kislev 13
Kislev 14
28
29
30
JNF Dinner
Kislev 15
Kislev 16
Kislev 17
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Best Wishes For A Happy, Healthy & Prosperous New Year
To The Members of The Jacksonville Jewish Center
• METAL FABRICATIONS AND ERECTORS
ROOFING AND SHEET METAL
COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - PAPERMILL
William Greene
GENERAL MANAGER
4121 Evergreen Avenue • P.O.Box 26069
Jacksonville, Florida 32226-6069
170
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 173 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center December 2004
updated 08/17/2004 Kislev 18, 5765 - Tevet 19, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
1
S'hood Board 9:30am
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
2
3
¡¡5:08PM
Lewis BMitzvah
4
§6:11PM
Lewis BMitzvah
Kislev 18
Kislev 19
Kislev 20
Kislev 21
5
Man of the Year
6
Education Meeting
7
8
HANUKKAHI
PTA Board
9
HANUKKAH II
10
l|5:09PM
HANUKKAH III
Shuman BMitzvah
11
§6:12PM
HANUKKAH IV
Shuman BMitzvah
Kislev 22
Kislev 23
Kislev 24
Kislev 25
Kislev 26
Kislev 27
Kislev 28
12
HANUKKAH V
R/S Hanukkah Program
13
ROSH HODESH - HANUKKAH
VI
JJC Golf Classic
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
14
HANUKKAH VII
15
HANUKKAH VIII
PreK Program
Finance Meeting 8am
16
Exec & Board Meeting 6:15
17
¡¡5:11PM
Whitman BMitzvah
18
§6:15PM
Whitman BMitzvah
Kislev 29
Tevet 1
Tevet 2
Tevet 3
Tevet 4
Tevet 5
Tevet 6
19
20
Winter Break
21
Winter Break
22
FAST OF TEVET 10
Winter Break
23
Winter Break
24
¡¡5:15PM
Winter Break
25
§6:18PM
Tevet 7
Tevet 8
Tevet 9
Tevet 10
Tevet 11
Tevet 12
Tevet 13
26
27
Winter Break
28
Winter Break
29
Winter Break
30
Winter Break
31
¡¡5:19PM
Winter Break
Tevet 14
Tevet 15
Tevet 16
Tevet 17
Tevet 18
Tevet19
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
^ The Best of Living ^
Found only at the
Carriage
♦ Spacious Independent
Apartments
♦ Luxury Villas with Garages
♦ Private Assisted Living
♦ Terrific Amenities Included
♦ No Endowment Fees
Carriage Club of Jacksonville
Assisted Living Facility 0007464
ARC™ an American Retirement Corporation Community
9601 Southbrook Drive • JacksonvilleFlorida 32256
(904) 646-1600 • (888) 353-6543
www.arclp.com
db
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
171
===== PAGE 174 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
January 2005
Tevet 20, 5765 - Shevat 21, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
§6:23PM
Tevet 20
Tevet 21
Tevet 22
Tevet 23
S'hood Board 9:30am
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
Tevet 24
Open House
Science Fair
Tevet 25
5:24PM
§6:28PM
Tevet 26
Tevet 27
10
11
12
13
Tevet 28
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
Tevet 29
ROSH HODESH
PTA Board
<J A ¡j5:30PM
Kupperman BMitzvah
-) 5 §6.34PM
Kupperman BMitzvah
Shevat 1
Shevat 2
Shevat 3
Shevat 4
Shevat 5
16
17
18
19
Shevat 6
No School
MLK B-Day
Shevat 7
Finance Meeting 8am
20
Exec & Board Meeting 6:15
21
5:36PM
22
§6:40PM
Shevat 8
Shevat 9
Shevat 10
Shabbaton
PreK Shabbat
Shevat 11
Shabbaton
Shevat 12
23
24
25
26
27
Shabbaton
TU B'SHEVAT
S'hood Luncheon
Oft |¡5:42PM
Kindergarten Shabbat
29
§6:46PM
Consecration
Shevat 13
Shevat 14
Shevat 15
Shevat 16
Shevat 17
Shevat18
Shevat19
30
31
Family Education Programs
Learning Tefillin 9:30 am
Tu B'Shvat Seder 11:30 am
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Shevat 20
Shevat 21
Larry's Giant Subs Now Open in Tinseltown!
■» ■■
Jacksonville’s “5ub King” since I960!
Home of the Big One
MO locations
and Grouuing like Mad!
For Franchise Information Call 739-9069 or visit our website www.larryssubs.com
172
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 175 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
February 2005
Shevat 22, 5765 - Adar 119,5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Shevat 22
Wednesday
S'hood Board 9:30am
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
Thursday
Shevat 24
Friday
||5:46PM
Shevat 25
Saturday
§6:52PM
S'hood Shabbat
Shevat 26
World Wide Wrap
Shevat 27
10
11
i ¡5:54PM
Shevat 28
Shevat 29
ROSH HODESH
PTA Board
Shevat 30
ROSH HODESH
Rosenberg BMitzvah
Toddlers/JJ Shabbat
Adar 12
-j 2 §6:58PM
Rosenberg BMitzvah
Adar 13
13
14
15
16
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
Finance Meeting 8am
17
Exec & Board Meeting 6:15
18
19
§7:03PM
Adar 16
Adar 18
Adar 19
AdarHO
20
Kadima Disney Day
Adar 111
21
22
23
24
No School
Presidents Day
B’nai Tzedek Program
PURIM KATAN I
S'hood Luncheon
PURIM KATAN II
Adari15
2§ ||6:05PM
R/S Shabbaton
Adar 116
26
§7:09PM
R/S Shabbaton
S'hood Fundraiser
Havdalah Hop
Adar 117
27
Adar 118
28
[j ¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
THERE ARE THOSE WHO TRAVEL. AND THOSE WHO TRAVEL WELL.
NORTH FLORIDA LINCOLN-MERCURY
2005 LINCOLN TOWN CAR
2005 MERCURY GRAND MARQUIS
SOUTHSIDE
4620 Southside Blvd.
642-4100
NORTH
Q LINCOLN |
FLORIDA
ORANGE PARK
7447 Blanding Blvd.
777-3000
Jacksonville’s largest full-size and luxury car dealership.
www.nflm.pom
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
173
===== PAGE 176 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
March 2005
Adar 120, 5765 - Adar II20, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
S'hood Board 9:30am
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
Thursday
Friday
I ¡6:10PM 5
Saturday
§7:14PM
Adar 124
Family University
Adar 125
10
PTA Board
11 | ¡6:15PM
ROSH HODESH
USY Convention at Center
-J2 §7:18PM
ROSH HODESH
USY Convention at Center
Adar 127
13
14
15
Women's Minyan
USY Convention at Center
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
16
Finance Meeting 8am
Adar It 5
17
Exec & Board Meeting 6:15
18
¡¡6:19PM
Nursery Shabbat
8th Grade Kadima to Orlando
Adar II7
19 §7:23PM
8th Grade Kadima to Orlando
Adar II8
20
21
22
Kadima Disney Day
23
S'hood Luncheon
24
FAST OF ESTHER
Synagogue Purim Celebration
25 ¡¡6:23PM
PURIM
Brenenson BMitzvah
D/S Carnival &
Megillah Reading
26 §7:27PM
SHUSHAN PURIM
Brenenson BMitzvah
Adar I115
27
28
29
30
31
Adar I116
SSDS Middle School Trip
Adar I117
SSDS Middle School Trip
SSDS Middle School Trip
SSDS Middle School Trip
[j ¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
E.H.TH0MPS0N CO.
“FOOD SERVICE EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES SINCE 1912”
wmm
China, Glass & Silver
Kitchen Supplies
Bar Equipment
Chemicals
Refrigerators
Bakery Equipment
N. Florida’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer
Now Open to the Public
• Heavy Duty
Cooking Equipment
• Paper & Plastic
Products
• Furniture
• Custom Fabrication
FAX (904) 354-4448
TOLL FREE 1-800-780-1555
358-1555
4655
Lenox Ave.
174
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 177 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
April 2005
Adar II21, 5765 - Nisan 21,5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
SSDS Middle School Trip
USY Away
2 §7:31 PM
Center Raffle
USY Away
S'hood Board 9:30am
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
§8:36PM
10
ROSH HODESH
Family Education Program
Tour of Hardage-Giddens
10:00 am -12:00 pm
11
12
13
14
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
<| 5 ¡¡7:36PM
PreSchool Seders
Nisan 6
16
§8:40PM
17
18
19
20
21
R/S Model Seder
K-3 Seders
Finance Meeting 8am
Exec & Board 6/7 pm
22 »7:41PM
No School
Spring Break
Nisan 13
23
§8:44PM/|i
24
25
26
27
28
PASSOVER I
Congregational Seder
PASSOVER II
No School
Spring Break
Nisan 16/1 L'Omer
PASSOVER III
No School
Spring Break
Nisan 17/2 L'Omer
PASSOVER IV
No School
Spring Break
Nisan 18/3 L'Omer
PASSOVER V
No School
Spring Break
Nisan 19/4 L'Omer
29 | ¡7:45PM
PASSOVER VI
No School
Spring Break
Nisan 20/5 L'Omer
3Q §8:49PM/|I
PASSOVER VII
Nisan 21/6 L'Omer
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
FREE ESTIMATES WE BUY AND SELL BUILDINGS
f
Three Locations
to Serve You:
“51 YEARS OF SKILL AND EXPERIENCE”
10325 San Jose Blvd.
HYGEMA HOUSE MOVERS, INC.
■wr,
Jacksonville
“SETBank
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 288-8933
Bonded House Movers
76 S. Laura St. Suite 104
Jacksonville, FL 32202
Richard M. Boyles rq Box 2655
President Jacksonville, FL 32203
764-9509 282-4212
The Way Banking Should Be.
(904) 421-3040
12740 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32225
(904) 220-3001
www.jaxbank.com
^Antique & C«bi»icts, cine.
“Custom Ca6inetry Since 1951 ”
W.P “‘Bitty* Patterson
Phone: (904) 393-9055 2384 Vans Avenue
Fax: (904) 393-7930 Jacksonville, Florida 32207
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
175
===== PAGE 178 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
May 2005
Nisan 22, 5765 - lyar 22, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
1
PASSOVER VIII (YIZKOR)
2
3
4
Sflood Board 9:30am
Educ. Marketing Meeting
7:00pm
5
YOM HASHOAH
6
i ¡7:50PM
Hecht BMitzvah
7
§8:54 PM
Hecht BMitzvah
Nisan 22/7 L'Omer
Nisan 23/8 L'Omer
Nisan 24/9 L'Omer
Nisan 25/10 L'Omer
Nisan 26/11 L'Omer
Nisan 27/12 L'Omer
Nisan 28/13 L'Omer
8
9
ROSH HODESH
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
10
ROSH HODESH
11
YOM HAZIKARON
PTA Board
12
YOM HA'ATZMAUT
13
¡¡7:55PM
Pozin BMitzvah
14
§8:58PM
Pozin BMitzvah
Nisan 29/14 L'Omer
Nisan 30/15 L'Omer
lyar 1/16 L'Omer
lyar 2/17 L'Omer
lyar 3/18 L'Omer
lyar 4/19 L'Omer
lyar 5/20 L'Omer
15
16
17
18
Finance Meeting 8am
19
SSDS Graduation
20
¡¡7:59PM
PreK Celebration
Etgar Graduation
21
§9:03PM
lyar 6/21 L’Omer
lyar 7/22 L'Omer
lyar 8/23 L'Omer
lyar 9/24 L’Omer
lyar 10/25 L'Omer
lyar 11/26 L'Omer
lyar 12/27 L'Omer
22
Kadima to Adventure Island
23
PESACH SHEINI
24
25
S'hood Luncheon
26
Last Day SSDS
Exec & Board 6/7 pm
27
¡¡8:03PM
LAG B'OMER
Wohl BMitzvah
Conference Day
28
§9K)7PM
Wohl BMitzvah
lyar 13/28 L'Omer
lyar 14/29 L'Omer
lyar 15/30 L'Omer
lyar 16/31 L'Omer
lyar 17/32 L'Omer
lyar 18/33 L'Omer
lyar 19/34 L'Omer
29
30
31
lyar 20/35 L'Omer
lyar 21/36 L'Omer
lyar 22/37 L'Omer
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Commercial Coatings, Inc.
PAINTING CONTRACTOR
• Painting • Wallcovering • Textured Coating
• Waterproofing • Dampproofing
6900 Philips Highway • Suite 38 • Jacksonville, FL32216
(904) 296-9460 FAX (904) 296-9043
176
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 179 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center i, ino onn*;
updated 08/17/2004 .
K lyar 23, 5765 - Sivan 23, 5765
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
1
2
3
i|8:07PM
4
§9:11PM
lyar 23/38 L'Omer
lyar 24/39 L'Omer
lyar 25/40 L'Omer
lyar 26/41 L'Omer
5
6
YOM YERUSHALAYIM
7
8
ROSH HODESH
9
10
i (8:10PM
11
§9:14PM
lyar 27/42 L'Omer
lyar 28/43 L'Omer
lyar 29/44 L'Omer
Sivan 1/45 L'Omer
Sivan 2/46 L'Omer
Sivan 3/47 L'Omer
Sivan 4/48 L'Omer
12
i¡8:11PM
13 »
SHAVUOT
Education Meeting
Men's Club Board 7:30pm
14
SHAVUOT II (YIZKOR)
15
Finance Meeting 8am
16
Exec & Board 6/7 pm
17
I (8:13PM
18
§9:16PM
Sivan 5/49 L'Omer
Sivan 6
Sivan 7
Sivan 8
Sivan 9
Sivan 10
Sivan 11
19
20
21
22
23
24
I (8:14PM
25
§9:18PM
Sivan 12
Sivsin 13
Sivan 14
Sivan 15
Sivan 16
Sivan 17
Sivan 18
26
27
28
29
30
Sivan 19
Sivan 20
Sivan 21
Sivan 22
Sivan 23
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Best Wishes for A
Healthy and Happy New Year
ATTORNEYS AT LAW, P.A.
Michael A. Shorstein Brian T. Kelly
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
111
===== PAGE 180 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
July 2005
Sivan 24, 5765 - Tammuz 24, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
1
)|8:15PM
2
§9:18PM
Sivan 24
Sivan 25
3
4
5
6
7
ROSH HODESH
8
i|8:14PM
ROSH HODESH
9
§9:17PM
Sivan 26
Sivan 27
Sivan 28
Sivan 29
Sivan 30
Tammuz 1
Tammuz 2
10
11
12
13
14
15
I (8:12PM
16
§9:15PM
Tammuz 3
Tammuz 4
Tammuz 5
Tammuz 6
Tammuz 7
Tammuz 8
Tammuz 9
17
18
19
20
21
22
¡¡8:09PM
23
§9:12PM
Tammuz 10
Tammuz 11
Tammuz 12
Tammuz 13
Tammuz 14
Tammuz 15
Tammuz 16
24
FAST OF TAMMUZ 17
25
26
27
28
29
i|8:05PM
30
§9:07PM
Tammuz 17
Tammuz 18
Tammuz 19
Tammuz 20
Tammuz 21
Tammuz 22
Tammuz 23
31
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Water Problems?
Call today for straight answers, no high pressure
We carry a complete line of Water Treatment
Systems to meet your needs and your budget.
RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL & INDUSTRIAL
Remove:
%/ Iron
%/ Hardness
%/ Lead
✓ Salt
i/ Sulphur
✓ Bacteria
%/ Odor
%/ Color
We Also Offer:
• 24 Hour Service
• Sodium Free Soft Water (K-LIFE)
• Salt Delvery Service Mark & Terri Kinder
• Rent With Option to Own 0ver 20 Yrs- Experience
We service all makes and models of water treatment equipment
Affordable wateR
262-0197
# W-32
V(ISIT OUR SHOWROOM AT
3760 KORI ROAD. • JACKSONVILLE
Free Water Analysis
License
Brian S. Benwick
Vice President
DEMETREE
INSURANCE SERVICES, INC.
3740 Beach Blvd., Suite 102 904-398-5656
Jacksonville, FL 32207 Fax-398-2915
(904) 363-0200
(904) 363-0204 FAX
7H*vu0z*tt
StecfrUcai (fcMAfrucctiew (fa.
COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - RESIDENTIAL
TERRY CALDWELL
PROJECT MANAGER 8967 PHILLIPS HWY.
EC-987 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
178
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 181 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
August 2005
Tammuz 25, 5765 - Av 26, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
1
2
3
4
5
¡¡8:00PM
Wolfson BMitzvah
6
§9:02PM
ROSH HODESH
Wolfson BMitzvah
Tammuz 25
Tammuz 26
Tammuz 27
Tammuz 28
Tammuz 29
Av1
7
8
9
10
11
12
l|7:54PM
13
§8:56PM
Av2
Av3
Av4
Av5
Av6
Av7
Av8
14
FAST OF TISHA B'AV
15
16
17
18
19
i ¡7:47PM
Peltz BMitzvah
20
§8:49PM
Peltz BMitzvah
Av9
Av 10
Av 11
Av 12
Av 13
Av 14
Av 15
21
22
23
24
25
26
¡¡7:39PM
Goldring BMitzvah
27
§8:41 PM
Goldring BMitzvah
Av 16
Av 17
Av 18
Av 19
Av20
Av21
Av 22
28
Av23
29
Av24
30
Av25
31
Av26
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
PORTION PA Cinc
Good things come in smallpackages. ™
Wishes Everyone
A Happy & Healthy
New Year
An Elegant Yet Affordable
Retirement Community
The Coves Apartment Homes offer fine services,
gracious residences and clubhouse living.
• 24-Hr Security & Emergency Response System
• Fine Dining
• Full Activity Schedule
• Priority access to River Garden
For more info or to schedule a tour call 292-2683
11501 Old St. Augustine Rd. • Jacksonville, FL 32258
River Garden
Excellence in Adult Care and Services
• The Therapy Center
• Short Stay/Rehabilitation
• Quality Long Term Care
• Alzheimer’s/Dementia Care
• Respite Care
• Adult Day Program
11401 Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
904-260-1818
www.rivergarden.org
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
179
===== PAGE 182 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
September 2005
Av 27, 5765 - Elul 26, 5765
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
1
2
Í1731PM
3
§8:33PM
Safer BMitzvah
Safer BMitzvah
Av27
Av28
Av2G
4
ROSH HODESH
5
ROSH HODESH
6
7
8
9
¡¡7:22PM
Magid BMitzvah
10
Magid BMitzvah
Bull
Bui 2
Elul 4
BulS
Buis
11
12
13
14
15
16
i|7:13PM
Schwartz BMitzvah
17
$6:15PM
Schwartz BMitzvah
Elul 7
BulS
Elul 9
Elul 10
Bul 11
Bui 12
Bui 13
18
19
20
21
22
23
il7:05PM
Rifkin Shabbat Dinner
24
$8:06PM
SELIHOT
Rarrvah Shabbat
Bul 14
Elul 16
Bul 17
Bul1S
Bul19
Bui 20
25
26
27
28
29
30
¡¡6:56PM
Bul 21
Bui 22
Bul 24
Elul 25
Bui 26
[j ¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Jl/tcMwit Ga/imel QanÉen¿
EQUAL
HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY
• Housing for Seniors and
persons with verifiable disabilities
• Efficiencies, alcoves, small and
large one bedroom apartments
• Rental includes utilities (lights,
heat and air conditioning)
• Range, refrigerator and fully carpeted
• Laundry facilities available
• 24 hour security
• Complete activities program
• Jacksonville Housing voucher accepted
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace Linda Rubens, R.N.N.H.A.
Jacksonville, FL 32216 Executive Director
Telephone 733-6696 • Fax: 739-3512
180
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 183 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 08/17/2004
October 2005
Elul 27,5765 - Tishri 28. 5766
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturdav
1
§7:58PM
Bui 27
2
3
i|6:52PM
4
ii
5
6
7
¡|6:47PM
8
§7:49PM
ROSH HASHANAH I
ROSH HASHANAH II
FAST OF GEDAUAH
EM28
EM29
Tishri 1
Tishri 2
Tishri 3
Tishri 4
Tishri 5
9
10
11
<12 ¡¡6:41PM
13
14
¡¡6:39PM
15
§7:41 PM
YOM KIPPUR (YIZKOR)
USY Programs
Tishri 6
Tishri 7
Tishri 8
Tishri 9
Tishri 10
Tishri 11
Tishri 12
16
17
¡¡6:36PM
18
ii
19
20
21
l|6:32PM
22
§7:34PM
SUKKOT1
SUKKOT II
SUKKOT III
SUKKOT IV
SUKKOTV
Gartner BMitzvah
Gartner BMitzvah
Tishri 13
Tishri 14
Tishri 15
Tishri 16
Tishri 17
Tishri 18
Tishri 19
23
24
¡¡6:29PM
25
ii
26
27
28
||6:25PM
29
§7:27PM
SUKKOTVI
HOSHANAH RABBAH
SHEMINI ATZERET (YIZKOR)
SIMCHAT TORAH
Gatewood BMitzvah
Gatewood BMitzvah
Tishri 20
Tishri 21
Tishri 22
Tishri 23
Tishri 24
Tishri 25
Tishri 26
30
31
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Tishri 27
Tishri 28
uncovering opportunities
charles schwab
INSTITUTIONAL
Is Your Portfolio Working Hard,
Or Hardly Working?
WWW.DIGGERCAPITAL.COM
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Advisor
(904) 730-7442 direct • (866) 730-7442 toll-free
scott.balotin@diggercapital.com
AOL Instant Messenger: DiggerCapital
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Balotin’s
Scotty Ellen, Casey, Parker & Digger
Schwab Institutional is a division of Charles Schwab and Co., Inc.
©2004 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”) All Rights Reserved. Member SIPC/NYSE (0104-00031)
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
181
===== PAGE 184 =====
Best Wishes
Atkinson’s
Beauclerc Pharmacy
268-5575
9735 St.Augustine Road
Had enough of NPR. CNN. TIME,
and The Times?
WWW.DEPROSRAMPROeRAM.com
with Sha'i ben-Tekoa
Broadcast Daily from Israel
News, History <& Music
Like you've never heard beforel
“No one addresses the issues with such passion,
intelligence, insight. ... An oasis of reason,
entertainment A information!"
Residential • Commercial • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
We Recommend
medeco
IH SECURITY LOCKS
904-398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
0
AMs
Best Wishes!
10477 San Jose Blvd.
10160 Phillips Hwy.
9171 Baymeadows Rd.
3939 University Blvd.
Clean 'WorCdC, Inc.
Compliments of
mui
GATE
4526 Lenox JAve.
JacksonviCCe, fC32205
(904) 388-7090
fax (904) 389-2519
www.cCeanworCcCnet
Distributor of Janitorial,
Industrial and Equipment Supplies
Monthly Educational and Training Seminars
on all types of Cleaning, Safety and
Proper Equipment Use
Come Visit our Showroom!!!
PETROLEUM COMPANY
9540 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 737-7220
(£f
HULLS
aÍCE
Hardwares
& Nurseries
" N.E. Florida’s
Largest Garden
Centers”
MANDARIN
• 11524 San Jose Blvd.
Mon-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
262-1965
ORANGE PARK
• 899 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sun. 9-6 Sat. 8-6
272-1230
JACKSONVILLE
• 5645 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
771-6330
182
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 185 =====
&eAÍ fli/ibUeb
j¡on, a cMeaUluf,
and JlapfUf, New yean,
The Selevan Family
Alice, Jack & Linda
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny & Ethan
Andrew, Rebekah & Jacob
===== PAGE 186 =====
feeit 'Wiilteí JjQsi a
<Jlealtluf, & eJlojipAf, Ateta Ijean,
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Lynn, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Robin, Joshua & Samantha
Heii Wibltei in the New- yeast,
Sid & Anita Garfinkel
Barry, Dana, Jeffery & Lisa Garfinkel
Steve, Brenda, Scott, Michael & Jennifer Albert
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
Dr, Bobby, Joanne, Blake, Alec
Olivia & Chloe Garfinkel
Kim, Doug, Lauren & Heather Diamond
===== PAGE 187 =====
Qood cMeattU, <dtap*iineM. & Peace,
to- you ana, younA.
^bsixuufkoui the yean.
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew, & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
WansneU rU/i¿UeL
yean, of Jlooe and JtauCfhten,,
fnout Oun, fyantilif, to- younA. . . .
The Zimmermans
Elli, Charles & Kim
Chase, Morrie,
Bennett & WendelH
185
===== PAGE 188 =====
gl'QÜñftalu 'xJovoA
fe&it fyJiblt&i
fob a <Jíe¿Utlu¿ & <Jícup^uf
New ujeasi
cJiapfuj, New- yean,!
Gail, Paul
Merle & Ron Cherry
& Liza Furman
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin, Amy
Sylvia Gottlieb
Marc, Jenny and & Ethan
Andrew, Rebekah & Jacob
Heit Wultei,
l&e&t 'U/altei, fan, a JlapfUf,
fan, a cAealtUu & <Mapfuf,
New yean.
S. JieaWuf, New- yean.
Renee & Alan Gordon
The Fletchers
Lil Gordon
Michael & Suzy
Julius & Charlotte
Ronnie & Faye
Dale
Robert & Madeline
Gary, Sandi, Brad & Todd
Harrison, Grant, Ellie Claire,
Debbye, Juan & Jason
Dana, Steve, Jack & Georgia
186
===== PAGE 189 =====
gPT O I,! n naU
£ Inceste. Wülteb
jflsi a Jíeattluf,
Jloftfuf, New yeasi
Be¿Í Wuitei. Jpx. a
cMoftfUf, & cMecdtluf,
Mea* Ifea*.
Maxine & Jerry Funk
Amy & Chris Petersen
Nathan, Diane,
Elizabeth, Emily
and Laura Goldman
May the GonUny iljeasi
RsUna ilfeu flay
& <sffafM344ieliy
Qood cMealtU & Peace
JÍ1 SUanalt ^lovalt!
We wUU all oust jjsUendb
and nelatiuei a Uapyuy
and UealtUy Neu* fl/ean,.
Bruce, Edith,
Sam & Max Horovitz
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
187
===== PAGE 190 =====
■£'SUanalt ^IcwcUt
■Drori rQiia natff
Drs. Jeffrey & llene
Levenson
Annie, Brian & Eric
Mark, Karen, Morgan
& David Lodinger
Re¿i Waited jpn,
Peace* & Jiap^UneH
UtAOuCflieui' the
New yean,
Jl'SUcuuJt *7owUt
"lihataou.
The Lesniks
Richard, Tammy,
Megan & Shaun
The Pakula
Family
188
===== PAGE 191 =====
fW¿ilU*uf, Zoesufom a
Vetof. Jlafifuf, & JleaWuf,
New 'Ijeasi.
•ansa rona
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
and Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
and Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
and Ethan Plotkin
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew
Morry & Rachel Safer
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi, Sara & Louis
Beit 'Wiátiei. h&i a
JlealUuf, & fjoqauA
New Ifewi
Bed¿ WiiUeA- fa* a
cMcúpfUf. & cMecJtluf-
New yeasi
Ellen & Robert Schnipper
David Schnipper
Lauren Schnipper
Liz, Greg and
Sophia Leila Maidman
Ellen, Barry
and
Dena Setzer
189
===== PAGE 192 =====
B&it Waited
fob a JleaUlu* £
eMafXfuf, New- ijeasi
Leonard, Debra,
Faye & Michael Setzer
Benjamin & Melanie
Setzer
Mcuf, the GonUtUf fl/ea>i
fánituj, to* 1^044
ALL the. iUeMlncjA oj
cttecdtU, Peace* & {Joy
The Shorstein Family
Beii 'Wiibei. fob a
SUasudt ^JoocJi,
JlapfUf £ cMealttuj-
New 'Lfeab
WiiluHXj, fy04* a
Wcu^deA^ul and,
JleaUluf, yeasi.
Drs. Barry & Rori
Stevens
Edward, Millie, Sam
Josh & Carly
& Jonathan Tannen
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
gP’Qt'rmalv lxJoi>Ql
tf-ox, lite New íljeasi
G*vdL AluUUfi . . .
Jlealtlt, atlcu/ifUneH
aW Peace
to you, G*ut younA,
Jl'SUanaU Voualt
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. h Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
Dr. Jerome, Dianne,
Leah, Mandy,
Michael, Mangala
& Maya Weitzen
Ówi &eAÍ WiiUu fob a
<JfapfUf> & <MecUtluf, New yea*,
Morton & Vera Benjamin
Re¿t Waltei jpsi a
lAJüUUuf ZvesufO+te.
a Jlapfuf Si JfecMluf Hew yean
Jlap^uf & Jleattluf
Brad & Rugj||| Berger
New* yeal
Eric, Tori & Hailey
Sandy, Lynn,
Jlapfuf, New yea*
Barbara & Albert Datz
Brooke & Leah Isabel
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
Zimmerman
& Jodi Schneider
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth,
Emily & Laura Goldman
191
===== PAGE 194 =====
1^,.Qt>avv&k-3o^
May the New yeast fesUny you
<JíeoUlt, JlapfUneb & P>uOpestUy
May we all know Peace
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich, Nancy & Benjamin
Jeff & Lesley
Brian & Amy
A dlapyzy, JleaUlty
& Peaceful Hew- yeast
Chary & Michael Greenburg
and Family
May you All dlaue a Ifecisi aj
JleaUlt, <JlapfUnebb & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny, Ethan, Samuel
& Sydney Rae Fialkow
Tina, Michael, Zachary
& Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
May all youst Wasuneit Wolteb
le fadfalled in fatli meabuste
fast a yeast of joy, Nacltab
& youst jbeepebt ^bebisteb.
Ted & Eunice Gross
and Family
We Walt All Oust fysUendb a
tJleaUluf, ScAap^zy New- yeast
The Fincks
Sanford, Stella, Seth,
Rachel, Aaron & Benjamin
Pebl Wolteb fast a dlapyzy
& <Jlealilty New- yeast
The Levines
Bill, Stevie & Samanatha
Aaron & Angela
Edie Levine
Pebt Wolteb
fast a yeast billed witlt
JleaUlt, Jlapyuuebb & Peace
Jl'Sltaualt Vooalt
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Emily & Cara
Jan, Bruce,
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
192
===== PAGE 195 =====
SrK QhniiiO.lv XJOVaA
lAJülUna you a Sweat
5 tJiealtluf, New. yean
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
6 Gabrielle Margol
A cMapfuf., cMealtUu and
PnaipeAouA, New ufeaA.
The Mosias Family
Steve, Irene, Stefanie,
Daniel & Mark
Qua Be&i 74J¿ilte¿. fan a
cMealtluf, S eJtcifupuf, New yean
The Marks Family
Alan & Jo
Josh & Jennie
Stacie & Sam Linsky
SeU'llJibhab fan a JleaUluf. S
tJiapfUf. New yean.
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay,
Whitney & Jillian Rosenberg
Shalom to- AIL
William V McLaughlin
A cJlealtluf, S ottapfuf. New yean
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler & Wendy Kesler
Marcy, Bill & Madison Emily Fries
Herman & Judy Paul
Michael, Angie, Alex & Paige Paul
Steven, Jessica, Ashlyn
b Rebecca Emily Paul
Laurie & Mark Walther
Se¿i Wultei fan a
¿fapfUf S cMeaiiluf, New yean
Robin, Jeffery, Shira,
Aliza & Zachary Morris
Qua SeU WulteA fan a
cAafifUf S Jlealtluf, New yean
Judy & Steve Silverman
===== PAGE 196 =====
cp'QUivalv 'xjoval
Pedt Wiilie^ jp*, a yean <tj
Peace, cMeatth & eJiappineM.
Cindy, Dan, Michael
Zr Mitchell Wohl
'WulUtUf y&u a yeaA>
rf-illed with Matty PleMittyi
Evan, Arlene,
Esther & Tania Yegelwel
A Jlcuxfuf & attecUtlui, New flfeaA- to- Oust
tf-tUeudi., Qamiiif & Ghnuusiait
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
Reit 'li/iittei jflO a
cMealtluf, & cM&pfuf. New yeaA.
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family
'WatvUuf, you a (Jlcvpfuf,
& afteaitluf, New fljeasi
Larry, Carla, Josh, Geri & Sam Bernard
A Jfofuuf & dteattluf, New yeaA
Linaa & Lester Edelstein
Sandra & Barbara
Dr. Walker, Mindy & Rachel Whaley
Reit /U/iblte¿> jfiO the New yeao
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
May, yowi yeao Re QitteA with,
<JieaJtlt, Jiappineii. & Peace.
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline
& Amelia Ernas
Ji/lcuf- you* yean- He billed,
with <MeaithfcMapjxine¿A. & Peace.
Abe & Shirley Bielski and Family
A JtafifUf. & JteatUuf New yean to AU
Martin, Betty Angela
& Joshua Edwards
Reit l/Uiiltei. jpo a yeao off
Peace-, JieattU & dtapfxineii.
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
<tiapp*f. New yeasi
Mr. ix Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz & Jodie Schneider
Reit Wlihei to AU Quo Quench
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
'WiitUna. you a. yeaA off
dteatth, & dtappineii-
Michael, Ava, Leia & Julie Fixel
194
===== PAGE 197 =====
xUS'síóü
i.K <cTo(^7£*r—"<
Heit WiiUei fon a
eMapfUf, S JteaUUy Aleut yean
Ben & Pat Frisch
Adam, Mark and Steven
HeitWiiUeifona tMappy S JteaUUy Aleut yean
Rhoda & Norman Kagan
Donna, Martin, Falyn
Jonathan & Lance Buring
Heit Waited fon a
cMcupfUf S cMeaUUy Aleut yean
Karl & Missy Frisch
Daniel, Erin, Eddie & Britney
We Walt you AIL
a cMapfUf. JteaUUy Aleut yean
Sheldon & Harriett Kaplan
Lee & Kevin
A cMoftfUf, S cMeaUUy Aleut 'Ifeasi
Gitya & Vladimer Gefon
Heii WiiUei fon a
cJlapfUf., cMeaUUy Aleut yean
Jim & Francine Kempner
JlapfUf Aleut IsjeGA.
The Goldstein Family
Jeff, Doris, Ellen, Max & Aliza
JL’HUauaU *7'oualt
Gene & Annetta Kornblum
Craig Sheri & Micah
Paige & Rocky
Josh
cMofifUf, Aleut yean.
Judge Sam Goodfriend
Mr. & Mrs. Stephen Davis & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Darryl Weiler & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Goldberg & Family
Marie & Irv Kowitz
Pat & Csaba Orban & Litsa
Hazzan Mitchell & Linda Kowitz
Joshua, Michael Benjamin, Shelly Marie,
Logan & Kyle
JÍ'BliOtioU *J(Wak
Jane, Ira, Beth & Renee Grann
Heit WiiUei fan a
Peaceful S cMeaUUy Aleut yean
Nathan & Carolyn Krestul & Family
May you, He HleHed utiilt (food cMeaUU
S <AafifUneii in, the Aleut yean
Leslie, Eddie & Eric Held
Kim, Jon, Eliza, Allie & Ayden Israel
Heit WiiUei fon a
eAeaUUy & eAapyuy Aleut yean
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
Heit WiiUei fon a
tJlayifUf, S cMealtluf. Aleut yean
Ben Hoffenberg
Heii WiiUei fon a yean of Peace,
JíealtU S <Mafipineii
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
195
===== PAGE 198 =====
New yean. Qneetiuifi.
Kal & Judith Levinson
JN’SUanaU *1'(wait
Morrie, Kathy, Natalie, Jessica,
Melissa & Ashley Lois Osterer
lile would, like- lo íUl¿¿h, Cvesufoue
a, cMoppq, & cMealtluf, New flfeao
Ali, Ivan, Mikayla
& Isabella Lindenfeld
Marsha & Ronnie
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen & Lee Pollock
<Jlappu New yean, to Atl Qinl Scout¿r
you*? & yocuuf, at «Meant
Jan Lipsky
yjiiUituf, you a yea/i off (food JleaUlt,
cMappineii., Qouteutmeut & Peace
Barbara, Jerry, Nicole & Noah Portnoy
Neil Wiihei fon, a
tMealtluf, & <Mopp*f, New Ijeasi
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
yja/uneit Wiihei. fon, a
tJfapfiy & elleolUuf, New yean,
Julia, Jay, Arthur & Corey Portnoy
May, the Coming, yea*, to a dlappq, Quo
fon, you & youoi,
Marilyn & Mike Mass
A cMappq, & tlleoUluf. New yeast
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
Tiliiluua you & you»L
A yean. off tyulfilbne+it & Peace
Jewel & Herman Miller
NeitWiiUei, (food «MeottU
& eMapfUf. New yeao
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol & Douglas Weinstein
Neil fli/iiltei fon, a eMoppy
& cMeattluf, New yean,
Mrs. Mark (Alexine) Miller
Neil Wiihei fot a
Jlealtluf, & cMoppy New yean.
Alan, Ellen,
Rachel, Adam & Gabriel Rosner
WulUncj, you the Sweelneii of a New yean
Jt'&Uonolt *Jovalt
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary & Jacob
Wiihincj, you a yean, off (food «Meallh. & Peace
George & Ellen Rubens
Joshua
Marcy, Jason & Sydni Souza
===== PAGE 199 =====
cP'OtM^ak "rJovoÁ
Pe¿t Wau&b fan ® y&**
of Peace, ¿lealllt, £ ¿lappiueM,
Gaye» Nell & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy & Alyssa Zunic
'¡Oiiltiuy oun ¿Homily and ¿Hnien&i
a ¿leollUy, «Happy, Peaceful
£ Pnoipenoui, Alea* yean
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
May the Gamiuy Ifean Inina you, joy £
¿loppineM., Qood ¿leallU & Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Laurie & Dustin Alan
Peil 'WulteA fan a
¿leattUy £ ¿loppy Alea* yean
Carole & Barry Sinoff
JH'PUanaU, ^oaaU, *1'ikalaou
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Lisa, Ivy & Stefanie
Pelt 'PJiilteb faa a
¿íealtUy £¿lappy Neto yean
Myrna & Abe Spiwak
¿Hon the Alea* yean.■ £ Alwayi
¿lealllt, ¿lappiue&A, £ Peace
Dr. Kenneth & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua & Emilie Elizabeth, Sarah
PeU'PJuUei.fana
¿IealtUy £ ¿fappy Alea* yean,
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
Peit 'PJiiltei foe a
¿IealtUy, ¿loppy Alea* yean
Leonard & Mary Selber & Family
Roselyn Selber
'WiiltUiy you, a ¿Hnuitful yean
¿Hull of JPoae £ ¿lappineAA,
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael
Hilda Warfield
Pe¿t 'li/iiUei fan a
¿teallUy £ ¿loppy Alea* yean
Rochelle Shainbrown
A ¿loppy £ ¿IealtUy Alea* yean
Esther Weiss & Family
Jl'SUanaU *7'ooaU, ^lilotoau
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Jl'SUanaU. 'ooaU
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Stephanie, Kyler & Taryn
Peil Wiiltei to ¿Homily £ ¿Hniendi
fan, a ¿loppy £ ¿IealtUy Alea* yean
Joni & Harry
Adam, liana & Ross Shmunes
Pe¿t ^Oiiltei fon a Qood yean
Sylvia Wexler
197
===== PAGE 200 =====
cp'oI^TaK Tlowg
Ji'Shonait ^Actualt
Dr. Bruce, Sharon,
Douglas & Jonathan Witten
Wühúuf, you a JlecUUuf, £ Jlapptf. Aleut yea*
Naomie & Bob Bossen
Quo. Be&t WiblieA. ¿00. a
cMe&Uluf, & JiapfUf Aleut l^feoA
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Beit Wlikei ¿00 a Jlealtluf. £ cMappy Aleut yeao
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
Beit 'li/iitiei job a <JlealtAuf- Aleut yeao
Becky Bromberg
Be¿t fW¿iUeA. ¿oo. a <McupfUfr
cMeaWuf. Aleut- IfeaA.
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex,
Jared & Allison Wolfson
Beit WiiUei ¿oo- a cMealtluf. £ Jlappy Aleut yeao
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
A cMealtluf. £ Jlappy Aleut yeao
David, Sonya, Gabrille & Joel Cohen
¿loppy Aleut- '¡Jean
Jerry & Anita Zucker
Andrea & Jeffrey
Jonathan & Laura
Beit Wiiltei. ¿oo- a tMapptf. £ JlealtAiif. Aleut yeao.
Myra Cohen
Beit 'li/iiltei. ¿00- a- cttappuf, £ <Mealtluf- Aleut yeao
Jack & Anita Dittman
Rickv. Elaine. Lauren & Erica Mack
Aleut Ifea/ii. QoeetUupb
Dr. Mark, Roz, Rachael & Alexandra Abramson
Beit Wilhel ¿oo, the Aleut yeao
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
JH’SUauali *)’ooaU ^JikaUutu
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Beit WiiUei ¿oo- a Jlaapy £ <Mealtluf. Aleut yeao,
Laurie, Linaa, Susan, Shira,
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie DuBow
/I <AapfUf- £ JlecUiluf. Aleut IfeaSi
Fred, Allison & Nikki Bailys
Mcuf, you Qiudt Bucceii in the Aleut yeao-!
Etta Fialkow, Heidi & Sandy Drashin
Anne Benjamin
Mindy, Ira, Robin & Michael Einhorn
JlapfUf- £ Peace¿ut Aleut yeao.
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
tM-apfuf. Aleut 'LfeaA
Marsha Berdit & Family
Jt Bltaualt *)\toaU
Judy & Saul Eisen & Family
QoaetinqA- £ Beit WiiAei
Edward E. & Rena Bernard
A Jlappy £ jlealtluf, Aleut yeao.
Cynthia & Mel Freidlin
Beit Wultei- ¿00- a floppy Aleut Ijeu/i
Annette & Leon Bernstein
JB'BUauaU *)ouak
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
BeAt Wultei ¿oo- a ¿loppy £ Jlealtluf. Aleut yeao
Philip, Linda, Lauren & Sasha Bloom
A ¿loppy £ Jlealtluf. Aleut yeao- to- All
Beverly Geller & Family
198
===== PAGE 201 =====
cp'QUmvak ^ovat,
¿loppy Mew 'Ifea/i
Bonnie Gelman
A ¿loppy & ¿leolthy Mew yeao to Ail
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
Beit Wiiltei. ¿M a ¿loppy & ¿leolthy Men* yean
Bruce, Janice, Jeffrey,
Rebecca & Mathew Glassman
Rosalind Klein
Ann, Leon, & Arlene Silke
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Wendy, Ron & Lauren Feinberg
jB'BUanalt ooaU
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian & Karina Wolinetz
Beit 'liliiUei fa¡4 a ¿loppy & ¿leolthy Mew yea4
Mark, Iris, Kenny & Elissa Kraemer
Jt'SluMuJt ^JovoU
Sol & Hilda Goldman
A ¿loppy, ¿leolthy Mew yea4
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
JB'BUauah lovaii
Jonathan, Amy, Sam, Barry & Seth Goodman
Beit Wiiltei. fa¡4 a ¿loppy & ¿leolthy Mew yea4
Hilbert & Betty Ann Margol
A ¿loppy & ¿leolthy Mew tyeGA
to. my family & ¿hieudí
Use Gottlieb
I’Skanah *1ovah
Wilbur & Marilyn Margol
A ¿loppy & ¿leolthy Mew yean
May Grann
¿loppy Mew yeao
Bernie &Joan Marón & Family
Beit Wiihei fa¡4 a ¿loppy Mew yea4
Bea & Bud Grossman
¿loppy Mew yeo4
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
Shanah ^ouak
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
Jl'Shanah *1'ooah.
Dr. Edward & Judy Mizrahi & Family
Beit 'Wiiltei fa¡4 a ¿loppy & ¿leolthy Mew yea4
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
¿loppy Mew yeao
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Sara, Dena, Jonathan & Debra
Beit hJiiUei jjOi. a ¿loppy Mew yea4
Arthur Hurwitz
Jl'Shanah. 1 ooalt
Steven, Faye, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Beit 'Wiihei ¿04 a ¿leolthy Mew yea4
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
¿loppy Mew yea4
Judy Naftulin Geller Nevel
Wiihtmy you a Mew yea4 failed with many
Bleiitnyi o¡ Peace., ¿leolth &. ¿lappitteii
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
¿loppy Mew yea4
Dr. & Mrs. Melvin Newman & Family
'Wiiitiny you a ¿loppy & ¿leolthy yea4
Rabbi & Mrs. Dov Kentof & Family
Jl'Shanah *lovoh u ‘Metuhoh
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
¿loppy Mew yeao
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
May Peace, ¿leolth & floy fyiU, the yea4
Carole & Lawrence Ort
199
===== PAGE 202 =====
cp'Qtmtvalv 'xíovaí
Reii hJiihei fatb a dfapfty & dieaiiluf. Aleut lfeab
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
cMaftfUf, Mete lfeab
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
Peace, JlapfUnebi & JteatiU to AIL
Anita & Allan Perlman and Joy Jeneff
Reii lifiihei. fab a dfapfuf & JUalUuf flea* lfeab
Susan & Arnold Signer & Family
Reii WiiUei fab a dlaptfuf, & dteatiluf. Necut lfeab
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Reii Wiihei fab a cMapfuf, Aleut lfeab
Jack & Molly Silverman
A Jteatiiuf. & JlapfUf Meat lfeab
Goldie Portnoy & Family
Reii lAJiihei fab a Peaceful Aleut lfeab
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
Re&ilfJiiheifatba Jtapfuf, & aHe&Uluf, Mew- lfeab
Anne & Edwin Presser & Family
A oPapfUf & Jteaiiluf, Aleut lfeab
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Red liiiihei fab a dlapfuf. & dtealiluf, item- \lfeab
Arlene, Jerry, Jason & Alyssa Rademan
JtapfUf. Aleut lfeab
Dr. Sidney Stillman & Family
Jlapfuf & cMeaWuf. Meat If*east
Harris, Meryl, Luna & Shira Rittenberg
h/iilUnCf Cvebtfone a Jfapfuf. & JteaWuf, Aleut lfeab
Joan & Ben Talpalar
Walú+Uf Cuebifone a JlapfUf & Jtealtiuf. Aleut lfeab
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
A aHapfUf, Jteaiiluf. & Peacefad Aleut lfeab La ALL
Harry & Dot Verstandig
JtcvfifUf, Aleut lfeab to Zaebtfone
Martha Savage & Family
Reii lifiihei fatb a JLapfuf, & dleaiiluf. Aleut lfeab
Sumner & Joan Waitz
JiapfUf ft eui lfeab
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair,
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
A dfapfuf., «Aeaiiluf, & Peacefad Aleut lfeab
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow & Family
Reii ll/iilteA. fab dfopfUneib and
(food Jleaiin fab the flea* lfeab
Mrs. Mitcnell Schemer
JtapfUf Aleut lfeab
Daniel, Cathy, Life, Mari,
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
A lfeab in which
AIL tfoub bonded dtepci Come *1bue
Margaret Schemer & Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Jt'Rhanah loach
Dan, Amy, Rachel, Melissa & Sam Wyzan
jR'SUanah loaah
David, Priscilla, Matthew & Jason Schmerer
Reii lifiihei fatb a cfteaWuf. & effapfuf. Aleut lfeab
Edward & Bunny Witten
Red Wiihei fab a dtealiluf, flea* lfeab
Nathan & Thelma Schneider
eflappuf. & dteaiUuf, Aleut lfeab
Murray & Chickee Yegelwel
A JleaWuf,, <AafifUf. & Peacefad Meat lfeab La AIL
Irene Shawn & Family
Peace, (food Jleaiih & dLappineib fab the Aleut lfeab
Elsie Yellin
200
===== PAGE 203 =====
CP'Ot.nMlk’xXoi/Q/;
Joann Arinsberg
Michael, Linda, Daniel & Sarah Abramson
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler & Family
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Eleanor Baker
Brian & Judie Benwick
Gertrude Bernhardt
Archie Boatwright
Evelyn Borstein & Family
Mrs. Kurt (Nore) Brauner
Louis Cohen
Jerrold & Mary Cohn
Philip & Pollie Copans
Beatice, Ronald & Erin Caplan
Barry, Linda, Jayson & Greg Dacks
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Sandi Driben
Harriette Ehrlich
Ruth Fagan
Arlene Faracchio
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Charlotte Fialkow
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Margaret Rose Gerber & Rachel
Mrs. Carl (Rose) Goldberg
Carole, Bob, David, Eric & Lane Goldberg
Helen Goldman & Family
Samuel Goodfarb & Family
Roz & Faye Goodman
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Julie Halpern & Family
The Honigman Family
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Diane & Allen Gray & Family
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Robert & Marilyn Kauss
Lil Koegler & Family
Hank, Ellen, Lauren & Jessica Kopp
Walter & Sylvia Kraemer
Philip, Dodi, Jordan & Madison Kress
Dorothy S. Le^um
Paula Lerner
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik & Family
Phyllis Lewis & Family
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Hilda Lewit
Clara & Milton Mann
Joyce Margol & Family - Dallas, Texas
Norma Margol
Hilda Mazo & Family
Dr. David & Judy B. Mizrahi
Renee Wolfson Moses
Ira & Evelyn Peck
Dr. Morris & Ruby Price
Sol & Rochelle Proctor & Family
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
Leon Robins & Family
Betty & William Rose
Gertrude & Leonard Rosenberg & Family
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Bernard & Celia Sachs
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Minnie Schreiber
Mr. & Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
Leah & Iris Solomon
Ronald Spiwak, Rachel & Joanna
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier & Family
Mervyn & Barbara Teitelman & Family
Lois, Bob Ben & Alec Tompkins
Jean Weinberg & Family
Alan & Sandy Weiss
Martin & Sandra Weiss & Family
Martin & Minnie Weisstein & Family
Josh & Elyse Whitman & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Benjamin Zimmerman
Zipora Zucker
201
===== PAGE 204 =====
BC
Philip H. Bloom
President
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904)880-3667 • FAX (904) 880-4667
FLORIDA
WILBERT, INC.
Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
and Other Fine Burial Products
5050 New Kings Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
765-2641
THE EllESII MARKET
11173 Beach Blvd. 10380 San Jose Blvd.
just west of St. Johns Bluff just south of 1-295
641-0822 262-2577
Thanking Center Members for All their Business
268-5818
Serving the Jacksonville community since 1993
Let us put your logo on
T-shirts Pens Golf Shirts Gifts Calendars
Giveaways Hats Pencils Mugs ...andmore
Robin Rand * Arlene Rubin
8808 A1A North
Ponte Vedra Beach
273-8450
Voice: (904) 655-5507
10950 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville
880-7889
Fax: (904) 260-9897
Waitz & Moye, Inc.
Professional Engineering Services
Civil • Environmental • Transportation
Traffic • Planning
6900 Southpoint Drive, North
Suite 430
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Telephone (904) 332-9911
Fax (904) 332-9955
Social Work License - SW0001801
Ira Grann, flCSW, LC&W
Individual and family Therapy
fldults. Children, fldoleseents
Clinical Hypnosis and Supervision
8833 Perimeter Park Blvd. #503 1542 Kingsley Ave. #145
Jacksonville FL 32216 Orange Park FL 32073
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility
3627 University Boulevard. S. Suite #245
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
346-3333
202
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 205 =====
Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715 • www.jaxjewish.org
— Executive Committee -
President
Guy Benrubi
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Leslie Held
Vice Presidents
Michael Korn
Harris Rittenberg
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Debbie Parker
Treasurer
Mark Shorstein
Secretary
Leonard Setzer
Immediate Past President
Mitchell Levine
Presidential Appointee
Stephen Silverman
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation
serves as a central resource for our Jewish
community. In summary, the Federation is
dedicated to providing for the welfare of every
Jewish person living in Jacksonville. Through
a partnership with the United Jewish
Communities (UJC), formerly known as UJA,
we are equally committed to the survival of
and quality of life for every Jewish person
living in Israel and throughout the Diaspora.
The five major local recipient
agencies of funds raised by the Federation are
the Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish
Family and Community Services, River
Garden Hebrew Home, Jacksonville Jewish
Foundation and the Solomon Schechter Day
School. We are proud of the invaluable
services provided by these five outstanding
Jewish agencies. It is a privilege to assist them
in trying to meet their goals.
Jewish education is extremely
important. In addition to Solomon Schechter,
Federation is proud to support Beit Midrash
Hebrew High and the Torah Academy of
Jacksonville. Through the Joan Levin Gift
of Israel program and birthright israel,
Federation is helping to make the dream of a
trip to Israel a reality for Jewish teens and
college youth in our community.
Following up on the Demographic
Study conducted in October of 2002,
Federation is coordinating a Long Range
Planning Process, in cooperation with our
synagogues and the major local agencies.
The Federation is involved with
community relations, leadership development
and Missions to Israel. We will continue to
work in cooperation with our local agencies,
UJC and the synagogues to address the vital
issues and challenges in the entire arena of
Jewish continuity.
Our officers and Board of Directors
wish the congregation a happy and healthy
New Year.
— Dr. Guy Benrubi, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees
wishes you and yours
“L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year.”
Mission: To ensure the future of our Jewish community and life with dignity for every
Jew. To ensure that our synagogues and agencies have the financial resources they need
so that generations to come may enjoy our rich Jewish heritage and traditions.
Partnership: Beth El - The Beaches Synagogue, Beth Shalom Congregation,
Congregation Ahavath Chesed (The Temple), Etz Chaim Synagogue, Jacksonville Jewish
Center, Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and
Community Services, River Garden Hebrew Home.
Summary; The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is truly our Jewish Community
Foundation, providing planned giving and endowment services to our partners in order
to further the stated mission.
B’nai Tzedek: B’nai Mitzvah youth are invited to establish their own Tzadakah
funds. Participants contribute $125 of their funds, the Jacksonville Jewish
Federation contributes $125, and the Gottlieb family, through their Jacksonville Jewish
Foundation fund, contributes $250. B’nai Mitzvah youth take an active role in giving
throughout this Jewish community.
Book of Life: Imagine a time in the future when a child’s fingers touch a page in
the Foundation Book of Life... and they read your story...then the questions
begin..why is your name inscribed in this precious book of memories? Leave your living
legacy of caring for those in need... inscribe your story now.
JMif^ Lion of Judah Endowment: LOJE women wear the N’er Tamid, “eternal flame,”
in the hands of their lion because these are women who have endowed their giving
and they are a light unto the future of this community.
P.O.Box 24847 Phone: 904 - 394-0720
Jacksonville, FL 32241 Fax: 904 - 394-0956
Foundation
— Board of Trustees —
Fiscal Year 2004-2005
Stephen Silverman - President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Rabbi Eliezer Ben-Yehuda
Michele Block-Weiner, Esq.
Michael Donziger * - Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. - V.P.
Mel Gottlieb* - TYustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe,CIMA
Howard I. Korman, Esq.
Joan Levin
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Neil Presser, CPA - Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
Margery Serkin
Mark Shorstein, CPA - Sec.
Richard Sisisky
Dr. Roy J. Sloat**
Dennis Wolfson
Barry Zisser, Esq.
♦Past President
•• Of Blessed Memory
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
203
===== PAGE 206 =====
Community Agencies
c£)0wi’C¿ (X%
Jewish Community Alliance
&c¿ 'Pa/iJv&v ^'CM'ÍaA' (/ewyMAfr
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
— Board of Directors -
Executive Committee
Kenneth B. Jacobs
President
Margery Serkin
President Elect
Ira Goldfield
Vice President
Rori Stevens
Vice President
Steve Sherman
Vice President
David Miller
Secretary
Andy Cantor
Treasurer
Nancy Perlman
Asst. Sec./Treasurer
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
Our Jewish identity is important. The JCA seeks to create a positive and affirming
environment of Jewish culture and heritage. We strive to welcome all and share our Jewish
traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life, culture,
and community (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish community (3) enhance
the quality of life for all segments of the community and (4) strengthen family life. The JCA
fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality programs for people of all ages
including: childcare and family programs, fitness and recreational facilities and activities,
Jewish education, culture and arts programs, and by providing a place for family,
“neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other local
synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and celebrations.
New classes and programs are always being added to meet the diverse interests of our
members. We serve the Jacksonville Jewish community with programs like the NAEYC
accredited Gan Yeladim preschool and kindergarten, after school care for elementary age
youth, the Challenge Program, Yiddish for Fun, adult Torah study group, classical music
appreciation, pottery classes, children’s birthday parties, yoga, pilates, aerobics, Middle School
Night Out, Great Books discussion group, swim instruction, gymnastics, swim team, tennis
teams and clinics, aqua aerobics, youth, teen and men’s basketball leagues, Parent Central
program, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer program, Theatre of Youth, summer camp accredited
by the American Camping Association and so much more . ..
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to be a
part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to all. Come
by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs - after all, the JCA is Where You
Belong!
Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
The River Garden Auxiliary began in 1922 with a small group of ladies
who called themselves the Ladies Hebrew Home Sheltering Aid Society. The
group was formed to help care for residents in the home on Riverside Avenue.
Although as an organization we have grown, our goals remain the same, to enhance
the daily lives of each and every resident.
Our volunteers are an ever-present part of the Home, fulfilling the needs
of our residents with love, a smile, and a tender touch. Their volunteer time to
the Home and residents is given unselfishly and with a dedication that is
unwavering. The Auxiliary also provides financial support for ancillary needs
and services for the residents.
As part of the Auxiliary, you can make a difference. Join us in our
commitment to “Honor thy father and thy mother.”
— Andrea T Raitt, Auxiliary President
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2004-2005
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P.:
Membership V.P.:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Andrea Raitt
Alice Sherman
Marilyn Datz
Barbara Safer
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
Vivian Kaplan
204
===== PAGE 207 =====
Community Agencies
River (0j$¡¡) Garden
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH & AGING CENTER
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • 260-1818 • www.rivergarden.org
A Gold Seal Community
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long . . .” It was this
commandment which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home in
1946. It was this commandment which nourished the love and care that for more
than fifty years has made River Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence
in its field. It was this commandment that made it necessary to create a Home that
is welcoming to families and encourages its use as an extension of family space.
River Garden residents are a part of the community, not apart from it!
The River Garden Hebrew Home has also become the anchor of a growing
system of elder services including the Home, The Coves, The Theapy Center,
Family Care Support program and Home Health Agency. The success of River
Garden is based on the tradition of meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community
needs and of serving rich and poor alike with excellence. The River Garden
Foundation accepts donations to help River Garden continue to meet its mission.
This would not be possible without substantial charitable support from the
community and the work of The River Garden Foundation to stimulate planned
gift annuities, trusts and bequests.
River Garden’s programs of short-term rehabilitative/respite care, long¬
term residential care, Alzheimer’s/Adult Day Care and outpatient therapies serve
hundreds of people a day. These programs are guided by a devoted, professional
full time staff of over 230. Staff includes physicians and beauticians, nurses, social
workers, pharmacists, activities specialists, physical occupational and speech
therapists, dieticians, etc. In addition, scores of dedicated volunteers help create
a special caring community.
Located on a 35 acre Mandarin campus containing lush Florida oak and
pine trees, a private lake, meandering walking paths, River Garden is the perfect
setting for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community where people
live, love and care. It is a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content,
and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the Fifth
Commandment.
River Garden
FOUNDATION
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established
to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services,
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care n$eds, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
This elegant yet affordable
retirement community is located on
River Garden’s 35 acre campus in
Mandarin.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit
River Garden Holding Company, The
Coves offers comfort, security,
clubhouse living and the opportunity for
continued growth during the retirement
years, in a Jewishly sponsored
environment.
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Minnie Schreiber
Vice President: Michael Greenburg
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Vice President:
Fred Tromberg
Secretary:
Bernard Datz
Treasurer:
Martin Wolf
River Garden Hebrew Home
President:
Ronald Elinoff
Vice President:
Michael Lissner
Vice President:
Gloria Einstein
Vice President:
Mark Lodinger
Vice President:
Jack Price
Secretary:
Sidney Engelhardt
Treasurer:
Herman Paul
River Garden Foundation
President:
Margery Serkin
Vice President:
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President: Stacie Parker Wilf
Secretary:
Marsha Pollock
Treasurer: Jeffrey R. Edwards
The Coves Board
President
Jack Price
Vice President
Michael Lissner
Vice President
Donald Romo
Secretary:
Shirley Bielski
Treasurer
Lois Schlesinger
205
===== PAGE 208 =====
Community Agencies
JEWISH
FAMILY&
COMMUNITY
SERVICES
Charing tor better tof^omsws
6261 Dupont Station Court East
Jacksonville, FL 3221 7 • Phone 448-1933
As the direct service arm of the Jewish
community, we are seeing the strain that the economy,
downsizing and anxiety has put on families. Our
emergency food pantry has seen more than a 200%
increase in demand, including an increase in the
number of families seeking food for Passover.
Our programs have grown in response to
demand for services. Staff has responded to requests
for ways to talk to children about war and how to
care for an aging parent. Services to senior adults
continue to be a priority for the agency as the
population (and some of us!) ages.
Expanding the Jewish Healing Network by an
additional 10 trained volunteers who serve an
increased number of clients has been gratifying to
all involved. The Jewish Hospice Connection was
projected to serve 5 clients in the first year, but we’ve
actually served more than 40!
The Board of JFCS is looking forward to
another year of service to our local community, and
wishing everyone a healthy, happy and safe new year.
Warmly,
Iris Young, Executive Director
JFCS Does What?
Adoption
Through our adoption process, adoptive parents
and birthparents are matched to create a loving
placement that fits the best interest of the child.
Children’s Programs
The children programs at JFCS, include school-
based programs, counseling, suicide prevention
and play therapy and personal counseling.
Counseling
JFCS is best known for its quality mental health
services. A staff of qualified professionals works
with individuals, couples, families and children.
Child Dependency Programs
JFCS is a provider of safe and nurturing homes
for children in the State of Florida’s custody.
Emergency Financial Assistance
JFCS distributes funds to individuals who are
having difficulty paying rent, utility bills or
deposits.
— JFCS Officers —
2004-2005
President:
Jim Kempner
First Vice President:
David Garfinkel
Chairman:
Debbie Gottlieb
Treasurer/VP Finance:
Sandy Zimmerman
VP/Fund Development:
Marsha Pollock
VP/PR Co-chair:
Gail Sterman
VP/PR Co-chair:
Sandy Kesler
VP/House Chair:
Elaine S. Wright
VP/Case Chair:
Eunice Zisser
VP/Programs
& Services:
Francine Kempner
Life Skills Training
Helps people lead productive, self-
sufficient lives by teaching skills such
as budgeting, tenant/landlord rights, job
search techniques and more.
Older Adult Services
• Geriatric Care Management
• The Kosher Nutrition Program
• Transportation
Jewish Healing Network
Trained volunteers serve the needs of
homebound and frail Jewish individuals
through friendly visits, meals, phone calls..
Jewish Hospice Connection
This program offers expertise by
professional staff who are sensitive to
Jewish needs at end of life.
Rvan White Title II
JFCS is the lead agency for the
distribution of Ryan White Title II funds.
These funds are used to assist people
living with HIV/AIDS.
Support Groups
JFCS offers a variety of support groups
such as grief, life transitions,
intermarriage and more
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904) 733-6696
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide
comfortable and pleasant
surroundings. From the initial
concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens has
strived to create respectable living,
providing more than housing. Mt.
Carmel Gardens offers a 17-story
building on a beautifully landscaped
site, 24-hour staffing, community
facilities, and planned programs, all
of which were developed as part of
an overall concept ...a concept of
responding to the desires of retirees
for security, comfort, safety,
independence and the enrichment of
stimulating social-recreational
activities shared with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is
conveniently located, with
transportation, shopping, hospital and
doctor’s offices nearby.
Mt. Carmel Officers
and Board of Directors:
Jack Coleman, President
Ben Lewis, DDS, Vice President
Ann Storch, Secretary
Terri Poster-Taylor, Treasurer
Board Members:
Louise Axelberg, LCS W
Helene S. Coleman
Dolores Dworetsky
Thalia Foster
Nathan Franzblau
Judge Peter Fryefield
Jack Gillrup
Ardene Halpern
Francis L. “Len” Loving
Galina Volkovinskaya-Shteyn
Ruth Slutzah
George Thornton
Helen Werking
Feed A Needy Neighbor (FANN)
JFCS provides groceries to families and
individuals experiencing hunger through the
Winn-Dixie Emergency Food Pantry.
===== PAGE 209 =====
Community Organizations
American Red Magen David for Israel
Founded as a First Aid Society in 1930, Magen David
Adorn evolvedinto Israel's emergency medical, disaster,
ambulance and healthcare network - serving 365 days a year,
24 hours a day. Every person in every corner of Israel looks
to MDA to perform the usual tasks carried out by Red Cross
Societies throughout the world, and then some. Within
minutes, MDA’s rescue units arrive on the scene - for medical
emergencies, accidents and,unfortunately, terrorist bombings.
Trained paramedics administer immediate help and then
transport the patient to a hospital if necessary.
Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle, Shalach Manot cards
and other cards & certificates proceeds this year will be used
to help equip MDA ambulances and First Aid Stations in the
Hadera-Eiron Region with replacement equipment, Bandaids
and Bandages. Each $1 donated to our puzzle project also
helped. If you would like to make a contribution to this fund,
please send a check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4543 Rock River
Road W. Jacksonville, FL 32224.
Our Annual Concert is scheduled for 31 October. Mark
your calendar. Though the symbol of Magen David Adorn, a
Red Star of David, is recognized by the American Red Cross,
and the International Red Cross has finally acknowledged
there is a problem, efforts are still going on to achieve
international acceptance of our symbol.
Show your support for the State of Israel for only $25
or $200 Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh
by joining today. Mail to Mitzvah ARMDI, 9830 Woodrose
Lane, Jacksonville, FL 32257.
For us it’s only a check; for them it could mean life
itself.
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University Women’s Committee is really a
misnomer, since our organization has many men, as you will
note from our officer’s list. Our primary goal is financial
support for Brandéis University and its Libraries, as well as
supporting scholarship funding. It connects Brandéis, a
nonsectarian university founded by the American Jewish
Community, to its members and their communities through
programs that reflect the ideals of social justice and academic
excellence.
Brandéis - Jacksonville covers a diverse range of
interests. Our Study Groups offer something for everyone,
from reading books and plays to great dining and more.
Our membership includes couples as well as singles
(women and men). We afford our members the opportunity to
continue learning, as well as the chance to just have fun.
“Traveling Gourmet” features dinners at various area
restaurants with emphasis on the exotic. “Reel Special,” our
movie group, picks films of unusual interest, followed by
dinner and discussion. “Food for Thought” is the strength of
such groups as “Great Literature,” “News & Nosh,” as well
as many other offerings.
We welcome everyone to join with us in this unique
organization. If you would like additional information, please
contact our Membership Vice President, Joan Waterman at
388-4491 or President, Doris Gross at 246-6284
2004 - 2005 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of Magen David Adorn
Co-Presidents: Wendy Honigman & Joan Waitz
Membership Coordinator: Hana Schindler
Fund Raising Coordinators:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary :
Parliamentarian:
Past President:
Bulletin:
Cards/Donations:
Cirulation:
Concert:
Membership:
Outreach:
Publicity:
Raffle:
Retention:
At-Large Board:
Fee & Nathan Weiss
Leon Robins
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Chiel Wind, MD
Aviva Kraus
Naomie Bossen
Becky Bromberg
Penny Powell
Elisheva Shields & Bonnie Hardy
Ray Hardy
Elaine Furman
Bonnie Hardy
Gert Bernhardt
Hana Bendit, Fern Estner,
Joseph Honigman MD, Madelyn Glossman,
Jo Marks, Hanna Rosenberg, Rosea Wind
Emeritus Board: Use Gottlieb
2004-2005 Officers
• of Brandéis University Women’s Committee
Doris Gross, Norma Levy
Gaye Feuer, Betsy Pearl
Joan Waterman
Susan Derby, Marcia Nelson
Laura Schulman, Frances Young
Mildred Kaufman
Herb Gerson
Rita Garfinkel
Directors: Elaine Fendell, Rae Halpem, Esther Kahn
Nominating Committee: Rae Halpern, Chair
Gaye Feuer, Rita Garfinkel, David Selin, Gina Weston
Presidents:
Program VPs:
Membership VP:
Fundraising VP:
Study Group VPs:
Financial Secretary:
Treasurer:
Secretary:
207
===== PAGE 210 =====
Community Organizations
Hadassah
“Hadassah has always been an important bridge to
peace. By treating all people without regard to nationality
or religion, Hadassah has shown the world what peace in
the Middle East will look like.”
— Yitzchak Rabin, 1994.
Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity,
we must actively pursue righteousness and justice at home,
in the community, and in the world. In this tradition,
Hadassah was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold to bring
public health services to pre-state Israel. Today, more than
300,000 American women support our network of Israel
projects in addition to our volunteer work at home. Across
the US, Hadassah promotes health education, community
service, and Jewish education and research. Hadassah
advocates on issues ranging from Israel-US relations to
First Amendment protections to women’s rights and health
concerns.
One by one, we must each take responsibility for
transforming hopes, promises, and echoes into deeds.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites your participation in one of
our five groups: Shir Li, Tikva, Nurse’s & HCP Council
and Yamit.
For information please contact
any of our Presidents:
Chapter Presidium
Nurses & HCP Council Shoshana Haas
Carol Matoren
Shir Li Laurie Gelman
Tammy Shuman
Tikva Renee Gordon
Yamit Evelyn Peck
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah Board:
Fundraising VP Linda Bloom
Wendy Pozin
Membership VP Lynn Maiman
Education VP Jodie Seitlen
Treasurer Evelyn Moskovitz
Records Administrator Etta Fialkow
Corresponding Sec. Robin Ailerding
Recording Sec. Randi Rogozinski
Advisors Trida Bettman
Barbara Schneider
National Council of Jewish Women
National Council of Jewish Women is :
• Action-Commitment-Change.
• “A faith in the Future, a belief in Action”
• Women championing the needs of women,
children and families
• Speaking out on such issues as child welfare,
women’s rights, reproductive freedom and more.
Many of the projects that have been part of NCJW for
the past several years are continuing with much success, and
many new projects are beginning. One of our new projects is
the promotion of umbilical cord blood donation. This process
is such a vital one, and is painless and free and really can
save lives. Our support of the “PACE Center for Girls”, “I
Will Ask” gun control, HIPPY, “Kosher Kart” and the “Mt.
Carmel Connection” are just a few of our ongoing projects,
and each plays an important part in the lives of a cross section
of the population in Jacksonville. Our involvement in issues
of local, state and national matters continues through our email
tree.
For more information about NCJW, you can visit
our web site or call Rhoda Goldstein, president, at 268-
8124.
2004-2005 NCJW Officers
President: Rhoda Goldstein
Administrative Assistant - Joni Shmunes
Community Service coordinator: Kim Luellen
Cord Blood Donation - Michelle Graff-Radford,
Faye Mizrahi, and Wendy Sapolsky
Hanukkah at Wolf son - Laura Cagan, Dina Fetner
“I Will Ask”- Ina Taffet
Mt. Carmel - Beth Shorstein, Minda Gordon
Paint the Town - Penny Marks
Kosher Kart - Judy Greenfield, Minnie Schreiber,
Arlene Yegelwel
Study Circles - Marian Tischler
Project Development-Nancy Jacobson
Public Affairs coordinator: Meryl Rittenberg
Email list - Melanie Geller
District Office visits -Janis Fleet
Membership coordinators: Karen Morse Elissa Yining
Membership Records-Shirley Bielski
Program coordinator: Robin DeCrispino
Fundraising:
Woman in Power/Donor 2005 - Helen DuBow,
Susan DuBow
Tribute Cards - Lillian Meizlik
Fundraiser - Caryn Kenny, Judy Lento
Meetings - Judi Greenhut, Gloria Einstein,
Leslie Kirkwood
Treasurer: Ellen Freedman
Bulletin Editor: Isabel Balotin
Mailing/Communications: Janice Meisel
Social Secretary: Amy Deem
208
===== PAGE 211 =====
Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
With only one year
under their wigs and funny
faces, the Jacksonville
Mitzvah Clowns have
already brought smiles and
good cheer to hundreds of
children and adults in our
community. This volunteer
organization celebrated its
first anniversary in April
2004 ,and now boasts a
corps of over 75 clowns who
have been trained for the sole mitzvah of bikkur holim, visiting
the sick. Among this group are 25 teenagers and adults from
the Temple’s Institute of Religion and the Solomon Schechter
Day School’s 8th grade.
The Jacksonville
Mitzvah Clowns have
also visited sick people at
Baptist Hospital, Wolf son
Children’s Hospital,
Dreams Come True, and
Jewish seniors residing in
nursing homes in the area.
Mitzvah Clowns in the SSDS 8th grade traveled to Orlando
where they clowned around at the Give Kids the World Village.
We, as a group are, and the community should be, very proud
of these teens and their teacher, Edith Horovitz, for performing
such a wonderful mitzvah.
The goal of the Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns is to
create a self perpetuating corps of local Mitzvah Clowns
available for periodic visits and special programs at local
facilities and through participation in local programs which
serve the Jewish community and otherwise. The Mitzvah
Clown program seeks to bring smiles, companionship and
cheer to sick and aged people while at the same time enhancing
self-confidence and creating a joy of doing mitzvot among
the Mitzvah Clown participants.
In addition to the two training sessions, the
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns have participated in various
community events including:
• 2003 Lag B’Omer picnic at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center
• Grandparents Day (September 2003) at River Garden
• Leukemia Walk at the Landing in the fall of 2003
• NCJW sponsored 2003 Hanukkah Party at Mount Carmel
• JJC Preschool Character Carnival in February 2004
• Purim 2004 at River Garden.
The Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown program is always
looking for new trainees. If you are interested, please
contact:
Vivo at lenjorge@comcast.net or
Gigibell at gigi-18@comcast.net.
Reesa Zaifert and her
favorite clown.
209
===== PAGE 212 =====
FAMíly Practíce, PA
\ David I. Wartenberg, MD
Board Certified Family Practice
Cathy Schan-Wartenberg, PA. C
9891-4 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office: (904) 886-9996 Fax: (904) 886-9899
TIRE KINGDOM
Tony Choo
Manager
10211 San Jose Boulevard • Jacksonville, FL 32257
904-268-2020
nmcums
www.tirekingdom.com
<9esam
Waste collection you can
depend on!
It's what makes BFI the waste collection
choice of Jacksonville.
Commercial/Industrial
► Modern radio dispatched trucks • Responsive, reliable service
• All steel 2 to 40 yard containers • Bio-medical waste
transportation & disposal • Complete office & commercial
Recycling systems
Waste
Services
7580 Phillips Highway
731 -3440 - Service
731-0177-Sales
Ford Style Lawn Care
“Landscape Specialists”
— Satisfaction Guaranteed —
• Residential and Commercial
• Custom Landscape and Design
•Complete Landscape Maintenance
•Sodding • Mulching • General Cleanup
Earnest Ford
Phone 904-268-6839 Mobile Phone 333-9827
210
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 213 =====
Directory of Advertisers
A
Abramson, Mark L. M.D................ 202
Acura of Orange Park 2
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery ..108
Adam’s Mark Jacksonville 154
Afforable Water ..,^4.. 178
Affordable Closet Solutions, Inc... 166
AgriProcessors South 146
Akerman Senterfitt P.A 150
All Out Productions 146
AMC Global Communications 169
Amira’s Kosher Market 106
Antique & Modem Cabinets, Inc... 175
Arb/s Restaurant ¡jp|| 182
Ardus Design Group, Inc 146
Arlene’s Designs 62
Art & Soul of Ponte Vedra............. 154
Ashford Services ....44*., 30
Assessment Technologies Group 148
Athens Cafe 42
Atkinson’s Beauclerc Pharmancy. 182
Atlantic Security .«¿¡i—».. 160
B
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Balotin, Scott -Digger Capital
Management, Inc 181
BDTConcepts, Inc.. 100
Benwick, Brian S. - Demetree
Insurance Services, Inc 178
Berman Bros., Inc 116
Bessie Hoilman Drywali Inc 124
BFI Waste Services 210
Bistro Aix 138
Black Tie Limousines 47
Blosam Constructors, Inc 202
Borland-Groover Clinic, P.A 26
Brandon Pest Control 166
Bryant’s Bloomers, Inc 160
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 100
C
Cakes by Bertha Brown 58
Cameo Kitchens 116
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 171
Case, Mel • Prudential Financial
Inside Front Cover
Cathy’s Creations 46
Claude Nolan Cadillac 130
Clean World, Inc. .182
Cohen, Susanne - Coldwell Bankers -
Walter Williams Realty, Inc 167
Comfort Inn Oceanfront 57
Commercial Coatings, Inc 176
Complete Care Family Practice, PA •
David I. Wartenberg M.D 210
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy
4.,— 112
Curves for Women 128
Custom Printing Company .*444» 42
D
Dari Fair 162
Dave & Buster’s 54
DeLand Entertainment............... 45
Dermatology Center -
N. Fred Eaglstein D.O..P.A 166
E
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc. ...¿4. 4
Embassy Suites Hotel 122
Epping Forest Yacht Club -^44 34
Epstein, David M.,
Attorney at Law 164
EverBank of Florida 164
Evolution - The Salon Sources Inc. 42
EVPS, Inc. Edward Fernandez 168
F
Far East Brokers
& Consultants Inc. 110
Farmers Market 142
Favorite Studios 56
Ferber Sheet Metal Works, Inc..... 170
Fickling Brothers 167
First Coast Supply .... 18
Fixel, Michael - Builder & Designed 68
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc. 104
Florida Wilbert, Inc ...4^,^.... 202
Flowers of Mandarin ..4,.^..^.... 150
Football Fanatics .152
Ford Style Lawn Care 210
Fox Jewelry & Loan Co. 43
G
Gate Petroleum Company 182
Gay, W.W. -
Mechanical Contractor, Inc...... 140
Gladwell’s Florist, Inc 61
Goldfield, Ira E. CLU.ChFC 68
Goldstein
Commercial Properties, Inc 108
Grann, IraACSW.LCSW 202
H
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 164
Hall’s - Ace
Hardware & Nurseries ...182
Ham, Bob Eyewear .166
Hamm, Jerry Chevrolet, Inc 168
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Home
and Cemeteries 66
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA... 175
Hazel, Curtis - Greene-Hazel
& Associates Inside Back Cover
Hewell, George H. and Son
Funeral Homes 67
Homewood Suites Hilton 126
Hygema House Movers, Inc 175
I
Impressions 43
J
J&R Productions *44- 52
Jacksonville Marriott 50
Jaffe Oriental Rug Gallery, Inc. 4* 168
Jaffe, Barbara G. -
Wachovia Securities LLC Back Cover
Jewish National Fund 36
Judy’s Cakes, Inc. ■..***& 60
Just Print It! 100
K
Kan-Ki of Deerwood Japanese
Steakhouse & Sushi Bar 156
Kaplan, Sheldon J., Ph.D
& Associates. 104
Kirby Rental 46
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts.....,, 104
Kuhn Flowers 52
L
La Tienda Jewelry 60
La Bella Floral Designs, Inc 114
Lakewood Animal Clinic 108
Larry’s Giant Subs 172
211
===== PAGE 214 =====
Directory of Advertisers
L
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 168
Liberty Furniture . 134
Lodinger, Mark & Associates 144
Lord’s of Jacksonville 56
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 45
M
M & H Promotions....-,— 46
Maiman, Leonardo J. -
Akerman Senterfitt PA 150
Mandarin Kitchens & Flooring 30
Mandarin Paint Center 114
Mantay, Frank - Prudential Financial..
—... Inside Front Cover
Mardant Electrical
Construction Co., Inc 178
Margo’s Catering^. 44
Maron’s 202
Masterpiece Entertainment 55
Mattox, Tommy -
Private Investor —.... 108
Mediterrania Restaurant 108
Meisel, Janice -
Business & Pleasure Travel, Inc. 42
Mibab, Charles Z. -
Capital Mortgage 36
Michael’s Formalwear...¡;—., 49
Morris & Morris PA., CPA 116
Mount Carmel Gardens 180
Mr. Frame It. 53
Mugwump Productions 46
N
North Florida Lincoln-Mercury 173
North Florida Plumbing 8
O
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 59
Out & About Photography
by Heather Burnette 51
P
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store 132
Partyland........... 49
Patten Bus Services, Inc 100
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa.... 146
Piner’s Lock & Safe 182
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
PortionPac Inc .. 179
PRI Productions 48
Pristine Painting 146
Process Master 100
Publix Supermarkets — 116
Q
Quality Kosher Emporium 168
R
R & S of Jacksonville, Inc. •
Picture Framing 46
Ramada Inn Mandarin 162
Ramfis Photographic 40
Raymond D. Scott Interiors 146
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D «... 100
River City Security Services, Inc.. 167
River Garden 179
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, PA 112
Rose Field Lane Tea Room 60
S
Safer, Eliot J. -
Ford, Jeter, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney & Safer, P.A 158
San Marco Art Co 56
Sandler, Graig W. D.V.M. -
Lakewood Animal Clinic 108
Savoir Faire 47
Seebol, Jerald L. -
Smith Barney Citigroup 106
Shorstein, Michael A. -
Shorstein & Kelly P A 177
Southern Monument Company, Inc 64
Spivak’s Mark Institute of Fine Arts
& Dance Extention 110
St. Johns Seafood & Steaks 160
Stein Mart 38
Sunshine Shop -
The Swimwear Specialist.......... 116
T
3 Sisters Chocolate 168
TCS - Total Comfort
Solutions, Inc 152
The Coves 179
The Fresh Market 202
The Ice Man 106
The Jacksonville Bank 175
The Lodge & Club 34
The Loop Pizza Grill 138
The River Club 34
The UPS Store........ 104
The Vein Clinic 28
Thompson, E.H. Company 174
Tire Kingdom Lww 210
Travel Connections Unlimited 60
Tropico’s 136
U
United Lighting Company, Inc 164
Universal Specialty Advertising... 202
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency 6
Villa Riva 24
Village Inn Family Restaurant 102
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 162
W
Wachovia Bank, NA 218
Waitz & Moye, Inc 202
Wasserman, Marcia- Invitations 41
Weinstein, Linda -
J P Perry Insurance 12
Wilson, Dottie Shlafer -
Coldwell Bankers -
Walter Williams Realty, Inc 160
Winn Dixie — 146
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D., P.A. -
Pediatric & Adolescent
Otolaryngology...-.— 158
Y
Y? Entertainment 53
Yegelwel.Evan J.-
Brown,Terrell, Hogan, Ellis,
McClamma &Yegelwel, PA 108
Z
Zimmerman, Brad -
Wachovia Securities LLC
jk... ... Ate.. Back Cover
Zimmerman, Sandy -
Wachovia Securities LLC
m§jm Back Cover
Zozke, William......— 182
212
===== PAGE 215 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Accounting Services
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside CPA 175
Morris & Morris PA, CPA 116
Acoustical Contractor
Fickling Brothers 167
Adult Care & Services
River Garden 179
Advertising - Print
& Web Design
San Marco Art Co 56
Air Conditioning - Heating
Commerical
TCS Total Comfort
Solutions, Inc. ||g||l , ««,152
Apartment Homes
The Coves ............... 179
Apparel Children
Stein Mart 38
Apparel Men
Michael’s Formalwear 49
Stein Mart 38
Apparel Women
Bryant’s Bloomers, Inc. .|pt4...... 160
Stein Mart 38
Sunshine Shop-
The Swimwear Specialist 116
Appliance - Sales - Service
First Coast Supply 18
Architects - Planners
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc. 104
Robert S. Fleet, AIA
Janis K. Fleet, AICP
Art Galleries - Dealers -
Consultants
Art & Soul of Ponte Vedra 154
Art - Custom Frames - Pictures
Mr. Frame It 53
R & S of Jacksonville, Inc. 46
Attorneys
Akerman-Senterfitt 150
Leonardo J. Maiman
Brown,Terrall,Hogan,Ellis,McClamma
& Yegelwel P.A. .....* 108
Evan J. Yegelwel
M. David Epstein 164
Ford, Jeter, Bowlus,Duss, Morgan
Kenney, Safer P.A 158
Eliot J. Safer
Shorstein & Kelly P.A 177
Michael A. Shorstein
Brian T. Kelly
Automobile Dealers
Acura of Orange Park 2
Claude Nolan Cadillac 30
Jerry Hamm Chevrolet, Inc 168
North Florida Lincoln-Mercury...... Í 73
Bakeries - Baked Goods
Cakes By Bertha Brown ¿1444 58
Judy’s Cakes, Inc. .u...». 60
Balloons-
Novelty & Decorative
Balloon Decorating Specialists. 41
Cathy’s Creations 46
Party City The Discount
Party Super Store 132
Partyland 49
Banks
EverBank of Florida 164
The Jacksonville Bank..^.4*^.... 175
Wachovia Bank, NA...................... 218
Bathroom Restoration
Ashford Services 30
Beauty Salons -
Services - Supply
Capelli Salon & Spa...... 38
Evolution - The Salon Sources Inc. 42
Beauty Salons -
Services - Supply
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 164
Beverage Catering
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 59
Broadcast Programing
Broadcast Daily from Israel 182
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors Inc 202
Mardant Electrical
Construction Co., Inc 178
Michael Fixel -
Builder & Designer..^,...,..... 168
W.W. Gay Mechanical
Contractor Inc 140
Bridal Lingerie
Bryant’s Bloomers, Inc....... 160
Bridal Registry
Lord’s of Jacksonville 56
Burial Vaults
Florida Wilbert, Inc. 202
Business Consultants
Assessment
Technologies Group 148
Cabinet Makers
Antique & Modern Cabinets, Inc... 175
Cameo Kitchens ...¿44... 116
Calligraphers
Impressions ...4„...4,............... 43
Candy - Confectionery
3 Sisters Chocolate |4......... 168
Carpet - Rugs & Service
Jaffe Oriental Rug Gallery, Inc..... 168
Mandarin Kitchens & Flooring 30
Process Master 100
213
===== PAGE 216 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Catering
Margo’s Catering 44
Closets Designing &
Remodeling
Affordable Closet Solutions, Inc... 166
Coffee & Tea Shops
Rose Field Lane Tea Room 60
Communications
AMC Global Communications 169
Computer - Parts - Service -
software & Service
BDT Concepts, Inc 100
Condominiums
VillaRiva 24
Cosmetics - Retail
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 45
Counseling
Ira Grann ACSW LCSW 202
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D.
& Associates 104
Dancing Instruction
Mark Spivak’s Institute of Fine Arts
Dance Extension ...... 110
Dentist
Harris L. Rittenberg D.M.D 100
Doughnuts - Kosher
Krispy Kreme Doughnut 104
Drywall
Bessie Hoilman Drywall, Inc 124
Fickling Brothers 167
Engineering - Planning &
Surveyors
Waitz & Moye, Inc. 202
Entertainment
Dave & Busters 54
DeLand Entertainment 45
Entertainment
J & R Productions 52
Masterpiece Entertainment 55
The Comedy Zone 162
Y? Entertainment 53
Event Planning
All Out Productions 146
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Cathy’s Creations 46
Dave & Busters 54
Mugwump Productions .......... 46
Partyland 49
PRI Productions 48
European Market
The Fresh Market 202
Exercise & Physical Fitness
Programs
Curves for Women 128
Financial Planning
Consultants
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 100
Jan D. Butensky
Allen A. Cohen
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU ChFC 68
Wachovia Securities LLC
Back Cover
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Financial Services Provider
Wachovia Bank, NA 218
Fine Jewelry
Fox Jewelry & Loan Co 43
La Tienda Jewelry 60
Lord’s of Jacksonville 56
Florists
Arlene’s Designs 62
Flowers of Mandarin....... ......... 150
Gladwell’s Florist, Inc 61
Kuhn Flowers 52
La Bella Foral Designs, Inc 114
Floor Laying,
Refinishing & Resurfacing
Mandarin Kitchens & Flooring ....30
Floor Maintenance
Ashford Services 30
Food Service & Equipment
AgriProcessors South ...J... 146
DariFair 162
E. H. Thompson Company 174
PortionPac Inc. 179
Forman Wear- Rental
& Sales
Michael’s Formalwear 49
Funeral Directors
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
& Cemeteries 66
George H. Hewell & Son
Funeral Homes 67
Furniture
Liberty Furniture 134
Maron’s 202
Gifts - Antiques - Specialty
Art & Soul of Ponte Vedra 154
3 Sisters Chocolate 168
Football Fanatics 152
Lord’s of Jacksonville 56
Savoie Faire 47
Glass - Automobile -
Plate - Window -
Residential & Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 168
Golf Courses
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
Graphic Designers
San Marco Art Co 56
Groceries
Publix Supermarkets 116
Winn Dixie Supermarket 146
214
===== PAGE 217 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Hardware
Hall’s - Ace Hardware & Nurseries....182
House & Building Movers,
Leveling & Raising
Hygema House Movers, Inc 175
Hotels
Adam’s Mark Jacksonville 154
Comfort Inn OceanFront...,— 57
Embassy Suites Hotel 122
Homewood Suites Hilton 126
Jacksonville Marriott 50
Ramada Inn Mandarin 162
Human Resources
Assessment Technologies Group 148
Ice & Ice Machines
The Ice Man 106
Importing - General
Far East Brokers
& Consultants Inc 110
Insurance
Demetree Insurance Services, Inc... 178
Brian S. Benwick
Greene - Hazel & Associates, Inc. -
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
Ira E.Goldfield CLU, ChFC 68
J P Perry Insurance 12
Linda Weinstein
Mark Lodinger & Associates 144
Prudential Financial -
Mel Case
Frank Mantay.... Inside Front Cover
Vandroff Insurance Agency 6
Interior Designers
Raymond D. Scott Interiors 146
Investments
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 100
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen
Digger Capital Management, Inc. 181
Scott Balotin
Investments
SmithBamey Citigroup 106
Jerald I. Seebol
Wachovica Securities LLC Back Cover
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Invitations
Impressions 43
Party City The Discount
Party Super Store f|p|| 132
Partyland 49
Marcia Wasserman 141
Janitorial Supplies
Clean World, Inc..........182
Kitchen Cabinets
Cameo Kitchens ^.. 116
Mandarin Kitchens & Flooring ;.. 30
Kosher Products
AgriProcessors South ...*2..... 146
Amira’s Kosher Market 106
Quality Kosher Emporium 168
Landscaping - Lawn
Maintenance
Ford Style Lawn Care 210
Lighting Fixtures
United Lighting Company, Inc...... 164
Lighting Protection -
Equipment
United Lighting Company, Inc...... 164
Limousine Service
Black Tie Limousines 47
Locks - Locksmith
Piner’s Lock & Safe „..».....182
Medical Centers
Borland - Groover Clinic, P. A......... 26
OPT - Center For
Physical Therapy 112
Complete Care
Family Practice, P. A................. 210
Medical Centers
Dermatology Center 166
Daniel L. Wóhl, M.D., P. A. 158
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic P. A. ...112
The Vein Clinic „.«28
Message - Hair- Skin - Nails
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 168
R & S of Jacksonville ....4^^.^. 46
Monuments
Southern Monument Company Inc. 64
Mortgage Broker
Capital Mortgage 36
Charles Z. Mibab
Nails - Salon - Services
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
National Organizations
Jewish National Fund 36
Notary
The UPS Store.. 104
Nurseries - Plants
Hall’s • Ace Hardware & Nurseries 182
Nursing Home
River Garden 179
Opticians
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery.. 108
Bob Ham Eyewear 166
Paint - Painting Contractors
Commercial Coating, Inc 176
Mandarin Paint Center 114
Pristine Painting 146
Packing - Shipping
The UPS Store 104
Party Supplies
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store...................... 132
Partyland 49
215
===== PAGE 218 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Passport Photo’s
The UPS Store . 104
Pawnbrokers
Fox Jewelry & Loan Co 43
Perfume ■ Retail
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 45
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 166
Petroleum - Retail
& Wholesale
Gate Petroleum Company 182
Pharmacy
Atkinson’s Beauclerc Pharmancy...182
Photography
Favorite Studios 56
J & R Productions 52
Out & About Photograph
By Heather Burnette 51
Ramfis Photographic 40
Physicians - Psychologist
Counselors
Mark L. Abramson M.D.
Urology & Infertility 202
Borland - Groover Clinic, P. A 26
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffrey S. Hoffman, M.D.
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkom, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Michele A. Carter, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Mark R. Fleisher, M.D.
Physicians - Psychologist -
Counselors
Borland - Groover Clinic, P. A......... 26
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
A. Roychowdhury, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Complete Care
Family Practice, P. A 210
David I. Wartenberg, M.D.
Cathy Schan-Wartenberg, P. A. C
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D.p¡§¡ 158
Dermatology Center 166
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O..P A
William Garvin, M.D.
Dale R. Charneco, M.D.
Ira Grann, ACSW, LCSW 202
Sheldon L. Kaplan,Ph.D.
& Associates 104
Sheldon L. Kaplan, Ph.D.
Rogozinski Orthopedic
Clinic, P. A 112
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
CPT-Center for Physical Therapy...112
Sam Rogozinski
The Vein Clinic 28
Norman S. Cohen, M.D.
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 116
Plumbing
North Florida Plumbing 8
Postal Branches
Atkinsons Beauclerc Pharmancy...182
The UPS Store 104
Press Releases
San Marco Art Co 56
Printers
Custom Printing Company 42
Just Print It 100
Private Clubs
Epping Forest Yacht Club 34
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
Private Clubs
The Lodge & Inn 34
The River Club 34
Private Investor
Tommy Mattox 108
Private1 Mailboxes
The UPS Store 104
Produce
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc .........4
Farmers Market 142
The Fresh Market 202
Promotional Products
M & H Promotions........ ...» 46
Universal Specialty Advertising... 202
Real Estate
Susanne Cohen -
Coldwell Bankers - Walter Williams
Realty, Inc. 167
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc 108
Dottie Shlafer Wilson -
Coldwell Bankers - Walter Williams
Realty, Inc 160
Rental Services
Kirby Rental Service 46
Restaurants - Cafe’s
Arb/s 182
Athens Cafe...» 42
Bistro AIX 138
Dave & Buster’s 54
GiGi’s Restaurant 162
Kan-Ki of Deerwood Japanese
Steakhouse & Sushi Bar 156
Larry’s Gaint Subs 172
Mediterrania Restaurant 108
St. Johns Seafood & Steaks 160
The Loop Pizza Grill 138
Tropico’s 136
Village Inn Family Restaurant 102
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 162
Restaurant Equipment
& Supplies
E.H. Thompson Co 174
216
===== PAGE 219 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Retirement Living
Carriage Club of Jacksonville..
.171
Mount Carmel Gardens
.181
River Garden
.179
The Coves
.179
Roofing & Sheet Metal
Ferber Sheet Metal Works, Inc...
..170
School Bus Rental
Patten Bus Services, Inc
.. 100
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealer
Berman Bros. Inc 116
Security - Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 160
River City Security Services, Inc.... 167
Sewer & Drain Cleaning
North Florida Plumbing 8
Skin Spa - Services
Capelli Salon & Spa „ 38
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 45
Sports Apparel - Gifts
Football Fanatics 152
Swimming Pool
Equipment & Supplies
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa ..146
Tea Rooms
Rose Field Lane Tea Room 60
Tire Dealers
Tire Kingdom | W$¡Jm 210
Travel
Business & Pleasure Travel Inc...... 42
Janice Meisel
Travel Connections Unlimited ....... 60
Bea Diamond
Betty Rohan
Tub & Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 168
Vein Treatment
The Vein Clinic...... 28
Norman S. Cohen M.D.
Video Production Services
EVPS, Inc 168
J&R Productions 52
Veterianarians
Lakewood Animal Clinic -4w§.... 108
Craig W. Sandler, D.V.M.
Waste Systems
BFI Waste Services ^,,....210
Water Filters & Purifiers
Afforable Water 178
Wedding Cakes
Cakes by Bertha Brown IpSE 58
Judy’s Cakes, Inc. 60
With Warmest Wishes
for a Happy and Healthy New Year
from Our Family to Yours ...
Thank you to the entire
Jacksonville Jewish Center Family
for all the comfort and support
you have shown to our family
at this very difficult time in our lives
The Broudy Family
Amy, Jaclyn, Ian
and Beatrice
217
===== PAGE 220 =====
Wisdom is everywhere. Uncommon wisdom is knowing how to apply it. We all want
what’s best for our community. By forming partnerships, we have the power to
build, grow and achieve all the things we want for now and the future. Work with
us. Together, we can achieve uncommon results.
Wachopia proudly partners with the Jacksonville Jewish Center for the betterment of our community.
WACHOVIA
218
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 221 =====
liliililÉi
É»JSSI
¿ ‘ , §U&gfe V* A. , a
mmmm
■
AZEL
(904) 398-1234
greenehazel.com
===== PAGE 222 =====
OUR FAMILY FOCUS
IS OUR GREATEST STRENGTH
The Jaffe Group (back row): Brad Zjmmerman, Sandy Zimmerman and
Bruce Warschojf; (front row) Raquel Tasman, Barbara Jaffe and Diane Pauly
For more than two decades, the Jaffe Group has helped some of Jacksonville’s most
successful individuals and families focus on what really matters in their lives.
Whether it’s jour children’s or grandchildren’s education, hittingjour target date
for retirement, or fulfilling a desire to pass on whatjou’ve built, the Jaffe Group
; of Wachovia Securities offers personal service, perspective and insight — no matter
what the markets are doing.
Hie Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities
8;|ft San Marco Boulevard, 19th Floor
Jacksonville, FL 32207
9<|4'“3i3~6846
800-342-0689
Uncommon Wisdom
