MESSAGE OF DIRECTOR
S. H. ROSENBERG
As I leaf through the pages of this Yearbook for 1943-44 and as I rapidly review the accomplishments
and even the shortcomings of the past year, I feel that a tribute is due to the Center member and to the Center
Board member.
It is not my purpose to review here the accomplishments of the past year—you will find them briefly out¬
lined in the pages of this book. Nor is it my purpose to ennumerate the shortcomings of the past year—those
shortcomings and the recommendations for their cor lection will be found in the minutes of the annual meet¬
ing of the Congregation.
I do know, however, that in the final analysis it is the willingness of an institution to move forward that
makes for success, and if, as your agent, I have attained any measure of success it was due to the Center mem¬
ber. It was your cooperation which resulted in an increase of 100 new members; it was your generosity
which successfully cleared the Center of its mortgage indebtedness; it was your interest that made the daily
Nursery Kindergarten successful; it was your farsightedness that brought about budgeted expenditures and
income; and it was your sincere concern for Jewish education which enabled us to buy a new Center school
bus. I want to thank you for your devotion and your cooperation.
If you have not participated in these accomplishments, it has been your loss and the Center s loss. You
can make your Center an important community agency, you can make your Center dignified and progressive,
you can make your Center a potent influence in the education, recreation and religion of your community and
of the South. The Center has the potentialities of becoming a great and outstanding institution—your criti¬
cisms and your suggestions are always welcome.
The Daughters of Israel also deserve a special tribute. I have had many opportunities to meet with
them during the past year and I know of their wholehearted interest in the Center. Whenever they were
called upon to help the Center, whether financially or otherwise, they were ready and willing to respond.
They helped generously in the mortgage drive and were instrumental in the buying of the new school bus. I
know that they will continue their fine work, and I also know that they will take an even greater and more
direct interest in all matters pertaining to the Center.
The work of an Executive Director is largely dependent upon the cooperation of the people with whom
he is working. And I am happy to say that it has been a real privilege and pleasure to work with the Center
members, the Hebrew School teachers, the Sunday School staff, the Board members, and the office worker. I
thank them all for their whole-hearted support of all your undertakings.
Let us pray that the new year will bring a speedy and just peace to all the world and that Eretz Yisroel
will once again be the Land of Israel.
