^llllllllllinilllHIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIinillHIIIIIIIHIIIHIIIIIIiniUIIIIIIIIIOIIIIIIIUIIIOIIIIIIIIIIIIBIIIIIIIIlIHBIIIIIIIIIIIinilllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIUIIIIIIIL'JlllllliyilinilllllllllllHIHIIIIIUIIHIIIIIIlilllinillllllllllinilllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIl
^hcuUflttesiA, ojf íásuzei
(From the Annual Report for the Year Ending May, 1943)
It is only through the untiring effort of our President, Mrs. Isadore
Gartner, and the sincere cooperation which she has received from the
officers, Board members, and the entire membership at large, that we,
the Daughters of Israel, can look back with pride upon our accomplishments
this past year.
Mrs. I. Gartner was assisted by Mrs. Louis Witten, Mrs. Perry Safer
and Mrs. Philip Selber, first, second and third vice-presidents, respectively.
Mrs. Haskell Zimmerman served as recording secretary. Mrs. Wm. Gordon,
corresponding secretary, performed her duties capably and Mrs. Morris
Hammerman was very efficient as financial secretary. Mrs. Florence Bono
was elected to serve as treasurer for the 12th consecutive year. However,
due to her untimely death, she was succeeded by her daughter, Mrs. Joe
Blattner, who, in a short time, has proven her capabilities.
Mrs. I. Gartner
The following standing committees worked diligently at their respective jobs:
The Religious Committee, composed of Mrs. J. Krestul, Mrs. M. D. Margolis and Mrs. O. Magezis, has kept us in¬
formed of the acivities of the Hebrew School and Sunday School. They saw to it that appropriate arrangements
were made for every holiday and that gifts were presente d to the outstanding students of the Sunday and Hebrew
schools. A word of thanks is due Mrs. Max Mirkis for the Children’s Seder, held on the Sunday before Passover.
Mrs. Louis Witten served as chairman of our Membership Committee. She and her committee were responsible
for the enlistment of 35 new members.
The cards and wires which our members and frien ds have received for the past few years on joyous occa¬
sions as well as on sad occasions, was the sole responsibility of Mrs. Sam Bryan, our Sunshine Chairman.
The flowers placed in the urn that have so beautifully decorated our synagogue on Friday nights and on vari¬
ous holidays were donated by our members to celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, Bar Mitzvahs and to commemorate
yarzheit. Mrs. P. Haimowitz and Mrs. Louis Goldberg, w ho were in charge of this activity, saw to it that after serv¬
ices these flowers were distributed to sick members or hospital wards.
Ü Mrs. Hyman Selber, in her usual capable manner, has been most successful in obtaining hostesses for the
1 social hour held after the late Friday night services.
| Mrs. Bennie Baker did a fine job in procuring hostesses for the social hour following the monthly meeting.
The Cultural chairman, Mrs. M. J. Reiser, has presented programs following our meetings which have proven
| to be both educational and enjoyable. Her untiring efforts with the dramatic group are highly appreciated.
= To Mrs. Charles Fink, chairman, and Mrs. Cele Schemer, co-chairman, are due a round of applause for
| the splendid piece of work they have accomplished this past year in sewing for the Red Cross, under the auspices
| of the Daughters of Israel. Mrs. Fink and her women also made a very beautiful altar cloth for the prayer room,
| and they hemmed 16 tablecloths for the use of the Center.
Mrs. Perry Safer, chairman, Mrs. A. E. Selber and Mrs. Ben Dwoskin, co-chairman, of the Telephone Com-
| mittee, responded graciously whenever called upon.
1 The publicity which appeared in both local papers was prepared by Mrs. Haskell Zimmerman.
We are indeed proud of our Girl Scout Troop and their dynamic Scout leader, Mrs. Louis Slott. It is through
| her leadership that the troop has grown and made progress.
When we at the Center think of preparing and serving food, our thoughts immediately go to Miss Ethel Joel,
our Catering Chairman. She is assisted by Mrs. Olga Moscovitz as co-chairman and a capable committee.
The Daughters of Israel, ever ready to assume new obligations, has not shirked its share in planning and enter¬
taining for our men in uniform. We have served as hostesses approximately once a month at a dance, at which
time nothing was spared to make the evening or afternoon most enjoyable for our boys. Upon the shoulders of
Mrs. Max Mirkis, Mrs. Haskell Zimmerman and Mrs. M. J. Silberstein, fell the greatest amount of the responsi-
1 bility. They are due a vote of thanks.
Last, but not least, a word of praise is due Mrs. A. Safer, who has been appointed to serve on the Tuberculosis
Association Board for the past few years. This honor w as bestowed upon her in recognition of the wonderful
work that she and her group of women from the Daughters of Israel have done in assisting in the sale of Tuber¬
culosis seals.
Had world conditions been normal, this year would h ave seen the Daughters of Israel celebrate their 20th an¬
nual cabaret with a gala affair.. However, we were forced to deviate from our traditional procedure and plan
accordingly. Sunday afternoon, Feb. 28th, 1943, saw a most successful presentation of an all-girl minstrel entitled
“Hi De Ho,” staged and directed by Mrs. M. J. Reiser. F ollowing the show supper was served by our Catering
Committee to all those present. Through the graciousne ss of our advertisers, we were able to publish our annual
program, which was a great financial success. The event was under the chairmanship of Mrs. Ben Chepenik and
Mrs. Morris Hammerman, assisted by a very capable committee.
Throughout the year, we contribute to the Jewish Braille Institute, Red Cross, Tuberculosis Association, Hope
Haven and to the USO.
By providing every Jewish child with the opportunity to receive a Jewish religious education, the Daughters of
Israel is an important factor in the preservation and spiritual growth of the local Jewish community.
Page Twenty-eight
