í
¡ r-, _
c
s-
lian Mit^vahá,
Harold Haimowitz December 5, lb-42
Walter Portnoy January 16, 1943
Jay Cohen January 30, 1943
Morton Harris February 13, 1943
Morris Goodmark March 13, 194 3
Martin Nachman May 8, 1943
Inman Left July 17, 1943
Nathan Krestul July 24, 1943
Sheldon Blattner July 31, 1943
Larry Picus T August 13, 1943
William Greenbaum August 21, 1943
Sheldon Spevak September 25, 1943
REV. B. SAFER
Rev. B. Safer has catered to the religious needs of the
Jacksonville Jewish community for over forty years.
For many years he was the spiritual guide of congre¬
gation B’Nai Israel, serving in the capacity of Cantor,
Schochet and instructor of the Talmudic study group.
Rev. Safer has also served Jacksonville and neigh¬
boring Jewish communities in the capacity of Mohel.
For a number of years Rev. Safer served in the same
capacity in the Jewish community of Orlando. Today
he is the assistant cantor of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, Ba’al Kriah and leader of the Ain Yaakov Class
which meets on Saturday afternoon in the Center.
During the High Holidays Rev. Safer conducts the
orthodox services in the auditorium and delivers talks
in Yiddish.
During his long career in Jacksonville he has acquired
many friends and is highly respected in the community.
We are indeed proud to have him in our midst and
grateful for his valuable services.
Recently Rev. Safer has been active in a movement
to build a pool for ritual purposes.
REV. JOSEPH ROBIN
This September Rev. Robin completes twelve years of
service with the Jacksonville Jewish Center. During
that time, Rev. Robin has not only become an integral
part of the organization, but has also endeared himself
to all of our members, young and old, and to the Jewish
community at large. Rev. Robin supervises the daily
“Minyon” and is responsible for the constant and un¬
interrupted function of these services. He also keeps a
correct record of Hebrew dates for the observance of
Yahrzeits for the deceased relatives of our members.
Rev. Robin also serves in the capacity of a teacher in
our Hebrew School, taking care of the Bar Mitzvah
classes. More than a hundred students have been pre¬
pared by him for Bar Mitzvah, all of them having been
imbued with a sense of reverence for our religion be¬
cause of his genial personality.
In addition there are a number of other odd tasks
which Rev. Robin performs, such as officiating on the
High Holy Days and reciting memorial prayers, both
in the Synagogue and on the cemetery at appropriate
times. Rev. Robin has also been in charge of the collec¬
tion of dues, a task which was made less difficult for
the Center because of the friendly relationship he has
established with the membership.
Rev. Robin has also been very active in Zionist work.
His interest centered chiefly in Jewish National Fund,
for which he has helped to collect large sums in Jack¬
sonville.
J
l
5
S
GREETINGS
BOB’S BARBECUE
STAND
Happy New Year
LOFTIN AND TAYLOR
COMPLIMENTS
CRYSTAL PLATING
WORKS
907 Main Street
*)
Page Thirty-six
