mm ni
lllllllllllllMIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIiniinilllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIISlIllllllllllinilllllllllllHlllllllllllinillllllllll'IHIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIinilllllllllllHlllllllllllinilllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIL'llllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIISSIIIIIIIIIIIIHIlilllllllliniHllllllllItlIlllllHIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIII^
a
3
JEWISH EDUCATION I
Since the decreased immigration of European Jews into this country
and with the growth of the increasingly complex pattern of social, eco¬
nomic, political and religious values, Jewish education has been flounder¬
ing between an education program based upon European traditions and
an educational program which reflects the American scene.
European education served its purpose admirably. With Jews living
a restricted Ghetto life, justly suspicious of the “liberalism” of Europe,
and voluntarily accepting Jewish life and its requirements, European Jew¬
ish education was not in conflict with the views and attitudes of the
greater number of people. But to take that program of Jewish education
and transplant it on American soil can result only in chaos and dissatisfac¬
tion, loss of interest and indifference. The American Jew does not live
a restricted Ghetto life, he is generally not suspicious of the social, political,
economic and religious changes, and he does not voluntarily accept Jewish
life with all of its requirements. Such a transplantation does not reflect
the views or attitudes of the greater numbers of the Jewish people, and
cannot but result in continuous conflict.
This over simplified analysis will become clearer if we pause for a
moment to consider the problem of religious services, Kashruth, Mikvah,
riding on the Sabbath, Ivri, and “Dovening,” tephlinin, and many other
problems with which congregations and individuals are concerned.
What shall be the objectives of the American Jewish educational pro¬
gram? The following objectives are suggestive, and motivated the educa¬
tion and recreation of the Center for the past year.
1. We must endeavor to inculcate in the Jew a love of his traditions,
a knowledge of his culture, a loyalty to his people and his community.
2. We must emphasize that there is no conflict between Americanism
and Judaism and that the Jew must always be prepared to defend and
even to fight for the social, economic, religious and political freedom for
all peoples in this country.
3. We must clarify the difference between those customs and prac¬
tices which resulted from the European Ghetto life and those which are
inherent in Judaism.
4. We must include in our Jewish educational program all such extra¬
curricular activities which will add interest, enjoyment, and dignity to the
Hebrew school.
The following pages will attempt to illustrate, although inadequately,
how the Center has attempted to put into practice some of the objectives
listed above. The extended educational program, and the activities in
which the child engaged are concrete expressions of the kind of program
that can be developed.
lllllllllinimtl.UWHIIIIIIIIIIII[lll1IIIIIIIIIHII1IIIUIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIICI!!lllllllll!E3lilllll1ll!l^lllllllllll»l!1lllllllll»lllllllllllinijllllllllllCll|IIIIIIIIIIUI|lllllllllinHIIIIIIIIIIElllHllllllimilllllllll!iaililll!lilliafHlllllllliaitillllNI!jail1IIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIHII||||||||UC
Page Thirty-one
