Q&nteSi Radia Pnao/iam.
Rabbi M. D. Margolis
During the five years that Rabbi Margolis has been conducting the Center Radio Program
over station WJAX, he has received many letter s of commendation, including requests for copies
of the program. These requests could not often b e granted because of the cost involved. During
the past year especially the radio program was given every Sunday afternoon and the cost of
mimeographing would be prohibitive. To satisf y the desire of many of our members and friends
for copies of these talks, we are reprinting herewith the Rabbi’s radio talk entitled “The Evil
Tongue,” which made a deep impression on many listeners and which is still timely.
THE EVIL TONGUE — (Radio address delivered over WJAX at 12:15 on April 4, 1943.)
Of all the diseases that ever afflicted mankind the most dreaded disease was leprosy. In Bible times it was a
widespread affliction, and the priests of Israel were instructed how to curb the spread of the disease. The leper was tc
wear special garments, his head uncovered, but his face hi dden in his mantle over his mouth. He was to live outside
the walls of the city in complete isolation. Should someone come near him the leper was to warn the approaching
person by saying “Unclean, unclean.”
The rabbis of the Talmud found the counterpart of this disease of the body in the moral realm. By analysing
the Hebrew word “Metzora,” meaning leper, they found that it could be interpreted to mean “He who invents evil
reports or “slander.” They came to the conclusion that just as leprosy is the most terrible disease of the body, so
slander is the most terrible disease of the soul, causing untold misery and suffering to humanity.
Just as leprosy, they pointed out, begins with an innocent looking white spot on the skin and spreads imper-
ceptably over the whole body, so does the evil tongue, slander, often begin with a little vile remark innocently
uttered, which eventually may bring great harm to society as a whole, spreading hatred between man and his
brother, between husband and wife, between one religion and another and between one people and another.
One Jewish sage compares the power of slander to that of a swiftly flying arrow. Just as an arrow, he says,
once it darts forth cannot be taken back, so slander once spoken cannot be taken back but continues its evil mis¬
sion. Another sage explains why slander is sometimes called “The Triple Tongue.” Because, says he, it demoralizes
and often kills all three—the person who first utters it, the person who believes it and spreads it and the person who
is being slandered.
All this, my friends, was not idle speculation. The Jewish sages of the Talmud spoke from bitter experience.
They knew at first hand of the suffering of our people brought about by the power of the evil tongue, by slander,
false accusation and libel. In the Middle Ages, during the bubonic plague which ravaged half of the population
of Europe, Jews were accused of poisoning the wells. Instead of concentrating on fighting the plague, the people
of Europe attacked the innocent Jews. All suffered alike. The slanderers, the slandered and those who believed
the evil accusation.
The rise of Hitlerism is the best example of the power of the evil tongue. After the first World War when Ger¬
many was disillusioned and heartsick from defeat, Hitler a psycopathic, hate-blinded corporal, was involved in a
street brawl. As the crowd gathered about him he rose from the ground and began to address the people. Since
the idea of defeat was uppermost in the mind of everybody, he uttered the opinion that Germany was not defeated
but betrayed by the Jews. The accusation, hatched in the inflamed and feverish brain of a maniac, caught on like
wild fire. Jew hatred became the very cornerstone of the Nazi idealogy. It became a poisonous weapon with which
to deaden the sensibilities of Germany’s intended victims of aggression.
The result was tragic indeed. It became a triple-edged sword. It killed millions of Germans who believed this
slander. It killed millions of Jews who were the objects of this accusation and it will ultimately bring the de¬
struction of him who invented it.
The struggle is not over yet. Hitler knows that he is doomed on the battlefields, and therefore, to save him¬
self, is using the old weapon of slander by which he hopes to divide his enemies, to bring the dissension into their
ranks and soften them for defeat. Again the Jew is the main target of this propaganda. A few months ago the Ber¬
lin radio in the course of an English broadcast intended for America, sent over the ether a little jingle which begins
by lauding the bravery of Captain Colin Kelly who sank a Jap battleship and ends with a slanderous jibe imputing
the patriotism of the American Jew. This bit of malicious propaganda is passed on in varying form by Hitler’s
stooges in this country in many imperceptible ways. As a humorous verse injected into an after-dinner speech,
as a slip of paper passed from hand to hand to men in uniform and in many other ways. It’s harmless, isn’t it?
It’s an innocent joke, but this is how leprosy begins, according to the Bible, as an innocent white spot on the skin.
There is no use defending one’s self against this propaganda. Those who know the facts and figures are well
aware of the truth that Jews are contributing more than their share in men and material support to the prosecu¬
tion of the war. Thousands of Jewish young men are fighting in Africa and in the South Pacific in every branch
of the United States service. Many of them have given their lives. Many have been decorated for bravery. Meyer
Levin, the boy from Brooklyn, was the bombardier on the Flying Fortress piloted by Captain Colin Kelly of Madi¬
son, Florida, which sank the Jap battleship Haruma at the beginning of the war. Meyer Levin survived the crash
of the plane and fought on for many months to avenge the death of his heroic friend, Captain Kelly, until he too
died in defense of his country.
Commenting on the death of Meyer Levin, the New York Herald Tribune, in an editorial dedicated to the memo¬
ry of the two fliers says, “Together those two names rebuke the little sneers, the mean prejudices, the narrow fears
that froth and bubble on the surface of the American melting pot. Together they bespeak that brotherhood which
is certainly not the least of the stakes of this war. War has shame of its own, and snobberies, but qne cannot
believe they survive long in the thin, dry upper air, where the lives of a bomber’s crew hang upon the naked skill,
courage and steadfastness of each man—whatever his name, whatever his birthplace, whatever the manner in which
he calls upon his God. The earthbound need this cleansing knowledge, therefore, it will be well to keep green the
memory of Captain Colin Kelly of Madison, Fla., and of Sergeant Meyer Levin, Brooklyn. And I should like to add,
that if you, as a patriotic American, wish to help Americ a win the victory, keep green in your mind the Biblical
lesson regarding lepers and steer clear of and isolate the moral lepers in our midst who are helping the enemy
by spreading his venemous and morale-shattering propa ganda. You can render no greater service to your country.
It is related in the Talmud that Rabbi Yanai once heard a peddler shouting his wares in the street in the follow¬
ing manner: “Buy the elixir of life. Sold very cheaply.” Thinking that the man was selling fake medicine the ven¬
erable rabbi went out to test his claim. But when he offe red to buy the elixir of life, the peddler produced a book
of Psalms and pointed to the verse: “What man is who desireth life? Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from
speaking guile.” This is a lesson which we all have to learn. When we do it will usher in an era of peace, brother¬
hood and happiness for all mankind.
Page Forty-one
