Illllll IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllrllllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIir
*7a QewiiU PaA&ntl . . .
BELOW IS A LIST OF THE USUAL EXCUSES GIVEN BY PARENTS FOR NOT SENDING THEIR
1 CHILDREN TO HEBREW SCHOOL. DO YOU KNOW THE ANSWERS?
Excuse 1: “Child is too busy.”
Answer: Time must be found for the child's Jew¬
ish education, for it is of supreme importance to
the future happiness of the child, his family and
his community. How about the tens of thousands
of Jewish children who are enrolled in Hebrew
schools? They manage to find time. Certainly the
child's Jewish education is more important than in¬
struction in music and other special fields. The
class time of the child can be adjusted so as not
to conflict with his other activities.
Excuse 2: “Child is too young.”
Answer: A thorough Jewish education requires
at least six or seven years of continuous study. The
child's Jewish education should begin when his
Public School education begins. The young child
is highly impressionistic and it is important that he
be under the influence of a Hebrew school during
his early years. There are thousands of children
between the ages of six and nine in Jewish schools.
The classes for younger children meet immediately
after Public School so that the children may be
home early. The program of instruction for
younger children includes songs, stories, games
and other activities which make their learning
pleasant and interesting.
Excuse 3: Girls do not need Jewish education.”
Answer: These are modern times, when girls re¬
ceive as good a general education as do boys. Our
girls should be treated as the equals of boys also in
their Jewish education. The Jewish girl of today is
the Jewish mother of tomorrow. Upon her will de¬
pend the kind of Jewish homes we are to have in
the future. Hers will be the responsibility of bring¬
ing up the next generation. She must be adequate¬
ly prepared for these tasks. Tens of thousands of
Jewish girls are enrolled in Hebrew schools and
are benefitting greatly from this Jewish education.
Do not deprive your girl of her due.
Excuse 4: There is plenty of time to prepare the
child for Bar Mitzvah.”
Answer: If Bar Mitzvah is to mean something to
the boy, he should study in a good school for sev¬
eral years. At least two to three years are necessary
to give the boy a minimum preparation for Bar
Mitzvah.
Excuse 5: “Child is studying privately.”
Answer: A well-organized school is the best
place for the child. The school has a systematic
course of study, which is taught by trained teach¬
ers and is supervised by a principal. Private in¬
struction is usually inefficient and unsatisfactory.
In a school, the child makes better progress be¬
cause he is studying with other children, and is
stimulated by them. The holiday celebrations, re¬
ligious services, singing and other activities make
the learning interesting and enjoyable. He not only
acquires Jewish knowledge but also learns how to
live as a Jew. The child needs the social milieu
which the school provides.
Excuse 6: “None of the child's playmates go to
Hebrew School.”
Answer: Child will acquire new friends in the
Hebrew school and thus widen his circle of play¬
mates and acquaintances.
Excuse 7: “Child is attending Sunday School.”
Answer: It is impossible to obtain a satisfactory
Jewish education by attending only once a week.
There is so much of Jewish history, religion, He¬
brew and other subjects to be studied. Many of the
better Sunday schools are now beginning to or¬
ganize week-day classes for their pupils.
Excuse 8: “Other children dropped out.”
Answer: Very often pupils drop out because
their attendance is poor and therefore they make
no progress. Children who attend regularly and do
their work well usually continue until they are
graduated.
Excuse 9: “Tuition rates are too high.”
Answer: There is no cost for the Jewish educa¬
tion that your child will receive, in our Talmud
Torah. Tuition is free for children of our members
and to children whose parents cannot afford to be
members of our Center.
REGISTER YOUR CHILD IN THE HEBREW
SCHOOL TODAY!
Edge Fifty
