JEWS IN AMERICAN WARS
(Ed. Note: Today the insidious influence of Nazi prop¬
aganda often leads well-meaning but misguided individuals
to question the patriotism of the Jew. The Jew has every
reason to be proud of his participation in the various Amer¬
ican wars for his is indeed a glorious history in this respect,
as will be seen from the following account presented through
the courtesy of the Anti-Defamation Teague of B’nai
B’rith.)
THE REVOLUTIONARY WAR
Though the records of the Continental Army are in¬
complete, there is ample evidence to show that the less
than 3,000 Jews in the United States during the colonial
period contributed generously to the cause of the Revo¬
lution.
There was a high proportion of officers among the
Jews in the Revolutionary Army. The records of twenty-
seven are in the archives.
Haym Salomon—Patriot from Poland
More than any other Jewish person in the colonies,
Haym Salomon, who came to Philadelphia from Lissa,
Poland, in 1772, gave of his energy and substance for
the cause of freedom in America. Arrested and impris¬
oned as a sympathizer with the Revolution when New
York was captured by the British, Salomon first helped
American and French prisoners to escape and then fled
himself, going to Philadelphia, the mecca of patriots.
In Philadelphia he began his never-ending efforts to
secure funds for the ragged armies of George Washing¬
ton. There was no limit to his zeal. Even the holiest day
of the Jewish religion, Yom Kippur, found Salomon in¬
terrupting the awesome service to raise $400,000.00 from
the congregants at the behest of General Washington.
Salomon gave $200,000.00 of his own funds to the
cause of the American Revolution. When he died in
1785, he left his wife and four little children penniless.
The poverty-stricken family was never reimbursed by
the Government.
THE WAR OF 1812
As in the Revolutionary W ar, Jews were prominent
as officers. Some of the most outstanding were Brig.
Gen. Joseph Bloomfield; Col. Nathan Meyers; Captains
Myer Moses, Mordecai Myers, and Levi C. Harby. In the
Navy, Uriah P. Levy reached the highest rank. Captain
John Ordroneaux with other American Privateers
played an important part in the successful conclusion
of the struggle by preying on British commerce on the
high seas. A number of Jews enlisted in the home de¬
fense forces of Baltimore when that city was attacked
by the enemy.
THE WAR WITH MEXICO
General David de Leon, twice cited for gallantry by
Congress, was the outstanding Jew in the military
forces. Other Jewish officers recorded include: Sur¬
geon General Moses Albert Levy, who served in Gen¬
eral Sam Houston’s army; David S. Kauffman, who was
Aide to General Douglas and Lieutenant Henry Seelig-
son, who received special commendation for bravery
from General Taylor. A proportionately significant
number of Jews fought with the American Army.
THE CIVIL WAR PERIOD
When the outbreak of the Civil War divided the
American people on the issues of the crisis, it also
divided the sentiments of the Jewish citizens. Those
who lived in the South were loyal to the cause of the
Confederacy. Some of the outstanding pro-slavery
spokesmen came from this group. David Yulee (Levy),
Senator from the State of Florida, and Judah P. Ben¬
jamin, Senator from Louisiana, are probably the best
known. Later, Yulee was elected Governor of his state.
Benjamin was first Secretary of War and then Secre¬
tary of State under Jefferson Davis, President of the
Confederate States.
Twelve hundred Jews fought in the armies of the
Confederacy and more than 6300 served with the Union
forces. The highest ranking Jewish officer in the North¬
ern army was Brigadier General Frederick Knefler,
an immigrant from Hungary. General David de Leon of
Mexican War fame achieved the highest ranking among
the Jewish men in the Southern army.
Three hundred and thirty-six Jewish soldiers are
known to have been kiled in action; three hundred six¬
teen were wounded. This represented a casualty .rate
of more than than eight per cent of the total enlisted
Jewish personnel.
THE SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR
More than four thousand Jewish men volunteered for
service in the Spanish-American War. There were many
more Jews, hundreds of whom were members of the
regular army and navy, who participated in the strug¬
gle. Fifteen Jews were among the crew of the Maine
whose sinking in Havana precipitated America’s entry
into the war. Sergeant Maurice Juster of the First Cali¬
fornia Volunteers was the first soldier to fall in the
battle of Manila.
In the Army, thirteen Jews were officers; in the Navy,
twenty w ore officers’ stripes. Lieutenant Joseph Strauss
in the Spanish-American War rose to Rear Admiral in
the World War and Commander of Asiatic Fleet in
1921-22. Edward David Taussig, who was a Lieut. Com¬
mander in 1898, became a Rear Admiral in 1909.
WORLD WAR I
When America entered the World War, the proportion
of Jews in the general population amounted to three
per cent. Enrollment of Jews in the army and navy was
between four and five per cent. The most important
reason for this can be found in the large number of
Jewish volunteers. Approximately 40,000 Jewish men
volunteered, accounting for 18% of the entire Jewish
enrollment.
A study made by Julian Leavitt, Director of the
Board of Jewish War Records, reveals that 225,000 Jews
served in the various branches of the armed forces of
the United States during the World War. Of these 171,-
000 were in the Army; 23,500 in the Navy; 12,250 in the
Marine Corps; and 18,000 in other branches of the
service.
There were nearly 10,000 commissioned officers in
the various branches of the service. Of these, 1,000 were
i nthe Navy.
There were 1,100 citations for valor conferred on the
Jewish men in the American Army. Of these 723 were
conferred by the American Command and 366 by the
Allied Commands. The Congressional Medal of Honor,
the highest privilege in the nation, conferred in all on
but ninety men in the entire war, was awarded to six
Jews. The Distinguished Service Cross went to 150, the
French Medaille Militaire was won by four American
Jews and the Croix de Guerre by one hundred seventy-
five Jews. The instances of individual heroism are too
many to permit enumeration. Suffice it to say that the
exploits of Abraham Krotoshinsky, who saved the fa¬
mous Lost Battalion; the bravery of Albert Cohen, the
youngest American soldier of the war who enlisted at
the age of thirteen and who was killed in the Meuse-
Argonne offensive; and the heroism of Sam Dreben,
“the fighting Jew/’ typify the courage and spirt of the
American Jewish soldier.
WORLD WAR II
Space does not permit more than a brief recital of the
role of the Jews, in World War II. From the very out¬
break of the war at Pearl Harbor there were a score
of Jewish heroes, and Jews have distinguished themsel¬
ves ever since on all fronts. There is, for example, Com¬
mander Solomon Isquith of Brooklyn, of the target ship
Utah, who was decorated with the Navy Cross for res¬
cuing 90% of the crew of that vessel. There is the im¬
mortal Meyer Levin, Colin Kelly’s bombardier. There is
Chaplain Goode who died arm in arm with a Protestant
and Catholic chaplain after all three gave their life
belts to others on a sinking ship.
It is too early yet for accurate statistics on the exact
number of Jewish men in service. Some time ago it was
estimated as being over 300,000. So far as our own
community is concerned (and it is a fair basis for judg¬
ing), between eight and ten per cent of our boys are
in service, while our percentage in the general popula¬
tion of Jacksonville is at best no more than 2 to 3
per cent.
Perhaps the Jew’s part in World War II can best be
summarized in the words of a great fighting man, Brig.
Gen. Frank T. Hines, who said:
“From the Revolutionary War, on down through all
of our other wars, members of the Jewish faith have
amply demonstrated their love of country, and their
willingness to sacrifice, and if need be to die, to preserve
the freedoms which are our heritage, and the corner¬
stone of our national life.
“Americans of your faith have a fighting tradition
which they are now gallantly upholding.
Many of their daring accomplishments have already
been recorded. In no war in our history have they
fought more bravely nor more tenaciously than in the
present bitter conflict. All Americans honor them for
their devotion.”
