^aiiiiiiiHiiciiiiiiiiiiiiKaiimiiii!iiHiiiiHiiiit(nii!iitiiiHiniMiiiii!!iiuiiiiiiiiHiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiitiii»iiiiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiaiH!iiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiinii[ jiiiiiiiiiiiimitiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiicsiiiiiiiiuiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiuuiiiiiiiiiiutiiiiiiiimuuiiHiiiiiic
SesuxVi cMadoM&U
MRS. MAURICE CHERRY, President
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice President
2nd Vice President
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Financial Secretary
Corresponding: Secretary
Social Secretary
Secretary
- Mrs. Maurice Cherry
Airs. Harry fcatz
Airs. Herman Klausner
Airs. Jack Becker
Airs. David Cowan
—Airs. I. H. Edwards
Airs. Itz Greenberg:
Airs. Sol Perlman
Airs. Alilton Hollins
Hadasah is the, Women’s Zionist Organization of America whose
work has been invaluable in maintaining Palestine as a national
Jewish homeland. The marvelous accomplishments there in the
past 30 years have been greatly due to this group of women.
Hadassah has undertaken the task of making Palestine a country
both habitable and healthful, a work which ranks only second
to the heroic work of the Jewish pioneers themselves. Through
the establishment of a network of medical clinics, hospitaliza¬
tion nursing’ service and modern methods of sanitation, Hadassaah
has practically abolished the dread malaria and trachoma.
Hadassah’s Medical Organization is responsible for a great
~ program of preventive and curative medicine in Palestine. The
= facilities developed there in the last 3 0 years have been turned
= over to the Allies and Palestine is now doing its share to defeat
= the enemy. For many months these facilities were placed at
I the disposal of American troops who Were arriving secretly to take
= part in the crucial battle of the Aliddle East,
a
So vital is our work that our government has given us marked
a cooperation in that the many supplies which we send to the hos-
i pitáis and institutions in Palestine, are given priority. On many
= occasions orders of drugs which are ready for shipment in the
= morning are cleared by afternoon and by night are aboard planes
a en route to the Middle East. Through its Donors Affair and the
= Annual Fall Dance, the Jacksonville chapter contributes its share
| toward the Hadassah Medical Organization Fund.
|
The Child Welfare Service of Hadassah, which is non-sectarian,
= reaches 25,000 boys and girls through.- the school luncheon pro-
13 gram, which provides lessons in nutrition, cooking a meal, plan-
= ning, and serves free meals to the underprivileged. Its medical
= supervision and school hygiene program reaches 75,000 children.
= Through the Thrift Luncheons here, the local chapter raises its
3 quota for this fund.
Through our project of purchasing and redeeming land in
Palestine, we make it possible to increase the production of vital
foods, to continue the all-out program of war production. The
land is also our investment for the future, when it is hoped
the country will become one of the chief answers to the problem
of homelessness now facing hundreds of thousands of our
brethren in Europe and other lands.
Through our Youth Aliyah movement, we have been able to
save and rehabilitate 8,500 refugee children during the past nine
years. Just recently Palestine received 1,098 children who have
undergone many hardships. One of the indications of the suffering
they had experienced was the fact that most of their teeth had
been ruined because of the ravages of hunger and the precarious
living they had undergone. Of course the children were given
the* best of medical attention and most of them are going into
the various agricultural settlements, but the younger ones will
be adopted. by individuals or educated in institutions. It is our
hope to bring into Palestine at least 25,000 refugee children in
the immediate future.
In local war activities many of our members are participating
in the various phases of war work—Red Cross work, serving-
in the Aircraft Warning Center and being blood donors. In the
Women’s War Bond Drive we were responsible for the sale of
$26,700 worth of bonds. Our chapter contributed to the Red
Cross Drive and the Red Cross Kit Fund. On the average of every
five weeks we sponsor a dance for the service men. Hadassah was
responsible for a booth for tuberculosis seal sale and was success¬
ful in securing 10 tables for the Infantile Paralysis party. Manv
of our members extend hospitality to the men in service.
This year that has reached so high a mark of service in Pales¬
tine is also rich in development and service on the American
scene. In accordance with Hadassah’s program of education, the
chapter conducts an all day study group session, a monthly Oneg
Shabbat gathering and each month presents a specific phase of
Hadassah’s program by one of the committee chairmen.
□
h
Membership is the foundation upon which Hadassah’s entire is
program rests and its progress is revealed in the addition of 75 =
new members during the past year. =
| |
= =
jiiiiHiiiiiiHiiiiiiiHiiiniiHiiiiiiiinuiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiHHiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiii aMiimiiiiiKaiiiiiiiiiiiiEaiHiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiiHuiiiiiiiiHcamiiiiiiiiiniitiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiimiicaiiiiiiiimiEHimiiiiMimiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicsiiiiiiiiniE
Page Sixty-three
Linens and clothing gathered through the annual Linen Shower
and made by the Sewing Groups that meet throughout the year
supply many useful garments for hospitals and refugees.
