Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
iiiHiiitiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini MUffinfrilni
Jacksonville
Zionist District
Wishing You a Happy
New Year
STUART H. RICHESON
MR. HARRY KATZ
Compliments
HOTEL WINDLE J
In the Very Center of the Shopping |
District
ACROSS FROM ALL THEATRES ¡
Homelike and Comfortable
Air Cooled Coffee Shop |
Greetings
SPRINGFIELD
AUTO
SUPPLY
Tenth and Main Streets
There is no doubt in the mind and heart of any sincere Jew that Zionism
is one of the most urgent problems facing the Jews of America. The peace
that will follow the present war must take cognizance of the place of the
Jew in the post-war world. It is only through the efforts of a strong, united
body of Jews that the peace-makers will recognize and grant the justice of
the Jew’s claim to Palestine.
The Jacksonville Zionist District, under the efficient and inspiring leader¬
ship of its president, Mr. Harry Katz, has fully recognized its responsibility
and the part it must play in the struggle for Palestine. The work of the past
year is indicative of the contributions made by the local Zionist District to
world Zionism.
In cooperation with other Zionist districts, the local district conducted a
war bond drive under the joint chairmanship of Mr. Samuel H. Rosenberg
and Mr. S. D. Kramer. More than $75,000.00 was subscribed by Jacksonville
through the efforts of the Zionist district.
The local district obtained a resolution, voted upon and passed by the
Florida Legislature, endorsing Palestine as the Jewish National Homeland.
The program committee, under the chairmanship of Rabbi M. D. Margolis,
arranged interesting and provocative meetings throughout the year. One of
the finest meetings arranged by this committee was the lecture by Dr. Ludwig
Lewisohn. Dr. Lewisohn spoke in the Jacksonville Jewish Center auditorium
where 400 people had gathered to listen to his inspiring message.
Mr. Harry Katz was instrumental in the formation of an American Pales¬
tine Committee composed of the outstanding non-Jewish leaders in Jack¬
sonville.
The Youth Commission, under the co-chairmanship of S. H. Rosenberg
and Mrs. Irving Brukner, received the full support of the Zionist and Ha-
dassah membership. This commission concerned itself with the problems
of Junior Hadassah, Young Judean Clubs, leaders, programming, and activi¬
ties. They also sponsored an unusually fine institute conducted by Dr. Aharon
Kessler.
The finest evidence of the growth of community interest in Zionism
can be seen in the tremendously increased membership of the local district.
The membership committee, under the co-chairmanship of Rabbi M. D. Mar¬
golis and Rev. Joseph Robin, conducted an intensive campaign which re¬
sulted in an increase of the membership of the Zionist District from 123
members to 263—an increase of 140 members over the past year! This is
truly a phenomenal achievement. The district is planning an intensive cul¬
tural program for the coming year. We know that the membership will be
increased by even greater numbers than this year.
Phone 5-2651
Jacksonville, Florida |
Compliments
SAN MARCO BAKERY
and
DELICATESSEN
Specializing In
HOMELIKE BAKED FOODS
1980 San Marco Blvd.
Greetings
MOTOR PARTS & SUPPLY,
Inc. I
Compliments
E. F. FETTER
COURT REPORTER
Mutual Life Bldg. Jacksonville, Fla. |
Phones 5-1113—5-0752
Page Sixty
