David Lasarow
Jewish Community
Council
PRESIDENT
David Lasarow
VICE PRESIDENTS
Mrs. Joseph Hackel, Herbert P. Meyerson, I. M. Uieber-
man, Abe Newman, Alex Robin and Max Moss.
TREASURER
Joseph M. Glickstein
1943 CAMPAIGN OFFICERS
Honorary Chairman Samuel Kipnis
Campaign Chairman Philip N. Coleman
INITIAL, GIFTS DIVISION
David H. Lasarow Chairman
Eouis E. Wolfson Co-Chairman
MEN’S DIVISION
David Harris Chairman
Alex Robin Co-Chairman
WOMEN’S DIVISION
Mrs. Joseph Hackel Chairman
Mrs. I. H. Edwards Co-Chairman
JUNIOR DIVISION
Mrs. Earl Stone Chairman
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Williom I. Boxerman
Philip E. Coleman
This year marks a transition in the history of the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Community Council. Recognizing the
need for intensified community organization, Jacksonville
leadership has taken the initial step to create the means
whereby the Council may pass from the stage of a part-
time agency with limited scope to that of a full-fledged
functional agency with potentialities for future growth.
Heretofore, the community council has been chiefly a
fund-raising instrument for conducting the annual cam¬
paign in behalf of local, national, and overseas agencies,
although public relations, too, has been its function.
The Council has done well in these fields. 1943 marked
an all-time high point in Jacksonville’s giving. Despite
the handicap of having lost many men to the service, in¬
cluding the largest 1942 contributor, and the lessened
manpower upon which to draw for volunteer solicitation,
the 1943 Council campaign raised the largest sum of
money from the largest number of contributors.
Community Spokesman
The two services of fund-raising and public relations,
essential though they may be, are not the end all and be
all in the Jewish communal structure. They do not in
themselves make for a complete Jewish community life.
The leadership of the Council has recognized this fact in
planning for a full-time Council with professional direc¬
tion.
Although the structure for a revamped organization
with broader purposes remains to be built at community
wide conferences to be called in the fall, there already
is manifest a healthy interest in having such a revision.
It should be understood, of course, that none of the me¬
chanics of community organization can in itself provide a
panacea for every ill in Jewish life. What then, will be
accomplished through an expanded vigorous community
council organized on a democratic basis?
it voluntarily by the members of the entire Jewish com¬
munity themselves. Today in Jacksonville there are im¬
portant areas of Jewish life which are neglected because
of the absence of centralized community planning.
Centralized Planning
To illustrate, because there was an obvious need for a
non-commercial publication which would mirror Jewish
problems, and mold community thinking, the Council re¬
cently began the publication of a bi-weekly newspaper,
which is being sent into every Jewish home in Jackson¬
ville. Thus for the first time the largest possible number
of Jews are being exposed to some greater understanding
of the Jewish scene, and more particularly, of the agencies
which their contributions are supporting through the an¬
nual Council Campaign.
To cite another example, there appears to be a need
for a Jewish Community forum which will periodically
provide the influence of outside Jewish personalities so
necessary in stimulating local Jewish communal activity.
The Council is planning to meet this need. There are
gaps in other aspects of local Jewish community life. We
do not, for instance, know with certainty so elementary
a fact as the number of Jews in Jacksonville. Such
knowledge is basic to normal community growth and it
should be somebody’s concern to gather the facts. Other'
wise everybody’s business becomes nobody’s business.
For the Community Council to launch such projects
successfully will require the cooperation of all sections
of the Jewish community working and thinking and plan¬
ning together. The scope and usefulness of the Council
will grow in proportion to the desire of the Jacksonville
Jewish people for making their community life as a whole
move forward in accordance with some degree of unity
and consistency over a period of years. Community or¬
ganization has become a scientific process whose principles
can be applied successfully to Jacksonville even as they
have elsewhere.
It can become, over a period of years, the responsible
community voice on all issues affecting the welfare of
the Jewish community as a whole. Up to now there has
been no such authoritative voice with powers vested in
Page Seventy
Finally, it should be stressed that the Council in its
planning aims to supersede no existing organization but
to supplement and help them move along the line of the
greatest good for the greatest number of people.
