(^iiiiifiiiiiciiiiiiiiiiiiicsiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiisiLaiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiimii
iiiiiiiiiiii[3!iiiiiiimiEiiiiMiiiiiiiuiimiiiiii!Hiiiiii!iiiii[iiiiiimiiiiHiimimiii»ii]iiiiiim[iiiiiiiiiiiii[iimiiiiiiii»iiiiiiiimiEiiiiiiiiiiiiic]iiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiimiiii[3iiiiiiiiiiiit
¡j&uriáil 'IfJeljjGAe íioa/ul Ifll'
OFFICERS
President Ira Stein
Vice-President Mrs. Sam Weiss
Treasurer David Davis
Secretary Marvin Shulman
(From annual report of the Army and Navy committee)
In reviewing the work of the Army and Navy Com¬
mittee for this past year, I think it will be of interest
to recapitulate the steps that were taken in laying the
ground work that enabled us to successfully carry on
our program and expand our activities. The Jacksonville
section of the J. W. B., a USO agency, through its Army
and Navy Committee, is made up of representatives of
18 Jacksonville Jewish organizations and was organized
in February, 1941. Representing all phases of Jewish
life: Orthodox, Conservative and Reform, the J. W. B. is
the civilian agency responsible for the Jewish men in
the armed forces during their time away from camp.
Immediately upon being organized, the Army and Navy
Committee adopted a concrete program whereby we were
able to serve the men of the armed forces at all times,
and place at their disposal spiritual and recreational pro¬
grams.
IRA STEIN
| RELIGIOUS ACTIVITIES
| With the assignment of a Jewish Chaplain to Camp
= Blanding, during October of 1941, the necessity of civilian
5 Rabbis conducting services at Camp Blanding was elim-
| inated. However, services for sailors at the Naval Air
| Station are still being conducted by Rabbi Kaplan when-
| ever arrangements can be made with the naval authori-
| ties. Friday night services, followed by a social hour, are
= held each Friday night and the Jewish men of the armed
1 forces are urged to attend.
During the Passover Holidays of 1942, the religious
| committee again arranged for congregational Seders to be
| held at the Jewish Center and also for holiday dinners
| to be served during both afternoons of Passover. About
= 500 service men attended these Sedorim and dinners as
| guests of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. All expenses
1 were paid by members of the congregation. In addition
| to the services held at the Jewish Center, a Seder Service
| was arranged by the Jewish Temple for the first night
= of Passover and was well attended. In cooperation with
| Chaplain Chas. S. Freedman, a Seder Service was held at
| Camp Blanding for those men of Jewish faith who were
= unable to leave the camp. All of the necessary food was
§j prepared in Jacksonville and sent to the camp.
The Home Hospitality Committee meets every Sunday
morning to take care of last minute requests of service
men for homes to which they can go for a Sunday dinner.
SOCIAL ACTIVITIES
Our Social Affairs Committee has arranged weekly
dances and buffet suppers for each Saturday night during
the year. These affairs, sponsored by the Jewish organ¬
izations of Jacksonville, are held in the Auditorium of
the Jewish Center and the Vestry Room of the Jewish
Temple and have proved very popular with the service
men throughout the year. There are also small house par¬
ties arranged through the cooperation of the business and
Professional group of Hadassah and Junior Hadassah. On
each Sunday afternoon Open House is held in the Audi¬
torium of the Jewish Center under the sponsorship of
our Social Affairs Committee, Junior Hadassah and the
Daughters of Israel. These affairs are informal—the girls
and service men creating their own entertainment.
In March, 1942, an organization of Jewish girls of Jack¬
sonville was formed. This organization is known as the
“Military Maids,” and now has a membership of over 100
girls. They cooperate in all social affairs sponsored by the
Army and Navy Committee.
1 For Sh’vous of 1942 invitations were mailed to all of
| the known Jewish soldiers and sailors to attend services
| at both the Jewish Temple and the Jewish Center. There
| were about 250 men at the two congregations. After the
i services these men were invited to Jewish homes for
| dinner.
During the High Holy Days of 1942, arrangements
| were made for the men of Jewish faith to secure leave
| from camp in order to attend religious services at Jack-
I sonville. About 650 Jewish soldiers and sailors were in
| the city for Rosh Hashonah. As the holiday was from
= Friday night through Sunday night this provided quite
1 a problem, for sleeping accomodations over the week ends
| are at a premium. However, reservations for over 300
^ men had been made in advance at various tourist homes
= and lodging houses. In addition there were over 100
= men taken care of in private homes of our Jewish
| citizens. During this period over 450 Jewish soldiers
| and sailors received invitations for home hospitality at
| the homes of members of our two Jewish congregations.
ñ Dinner was also arranged for 172 Jewish service men at
1 a local Jewish restaurant.
PERSONAL SERVICE
Wives of service men who came to Jacksonville to join
their husbands were given help in finding apartments or
furnished rooms and in some instances were helped to
find employment. It is also interesting to note that the
J. W. B. was called upon by civilian defense workers to
help them find living quarters. Many of these defense
workers were successfully assisted.
JWB-YMHA ACTIVITIES
Jacksonville’s newly reorganized YMHA opened its doors
to the Jewish community on May 28, 1942. This building
immediately became the second home for the Jewish
service men. Equipped with modern lounge, writing
rooms, library, billiard room, ping pong room, game
rooms, gymnasium and shower rooms the YMHA’ imme¬
diately became popular with the men and women in uni¬
form. With the assistance of the JWB professional worker
it was arranged to convert the Y. gymnasium into sleep¬
ing quarters over the week ends. We are now able to
accomodate 45 service men on Saturday nights.
| HOME HOSPITALITY
| Hundreds of Jacksonville Jewish families have opened
| their homes to the soldiers and sailors of Jewish faith
| and the same men are invited to return whenever they
| are in the city. Our committee aids those men who have
| not as yet made personal contact with Jewish families.
Each Wednesday night a special USO program is held
at the YMHA in connection with the JWB. These Wed¬
nesday night affairs have proven very popular and we
have had some very interesting amateur shows produced
with soldier talent.
To all of you who have assisted in this splendid work
the committee expresses its appreciation.
31tllilllllllE3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3llllllllllllE3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3!l!IIIIIIIIIE3IIIIIIIIIIIIC^i!lll!ilE3llllllilllllE:
Page Seventy-two
¡!!lllllllllE3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3llllllllllll{3IIIIIIIUIIIE3lllll!ll!IIIS}lilllillllllE3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3lllillllllllE3lllll!!l!IIIE3ll)¡ill(IIIIE3lllillllllllE3llllllllllliE3lillllllllllE]||||||||||||E}tllllllllllU|
MlllllllilllESIIIIIIIIIIIIESIIIIIIIIIimsIillilllllliESIIIIIIIIIIIIESIIiillllllllESIlilllllllllESIIIlilllllllESIIllilllMIIESIIiillllilllEinilllllllllESlilllliillllESIIIHIIIIEIIESHIllinEUEESIllilillüEr 3illSII!lllliE3lllillllllllE3lllllil’.!!tI!ll[III[3lllllllllilir3IIIII!!l!lll!:3illlll!l!!IIE3lllllllll!IIE3llli!¡!IIIIIE3l!IIIIIIIIIIE3lllillllll!IE3lllllllllli¡E3llllilllílllE3lll!IIIIIIIIE3llll!HIIIIIE3l[lll!IIIIIIE3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3IIIIIIIIIIIIE
