jfliiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHniiiiiiiiiiiiEiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiKJiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiSJiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiisjiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiKJiiiiiiiniiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiMiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiuiiiiiiiif
THIS IS YOUR
Y. M. H. A.
I. M. Lieberman
Louis Wolf son
__Leon Shapiro
Hyman Selber
Harry L. Broida
Robert Rieders
_ Abe Diamond
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
Treasurer
Secretary
Auditor
Sergeant-at-Arms
I. M. LIEBERMAN
Probably no similar type organization in Jacksonville
has had the dramatic history of the Young Men’s He¬
brew Association. A powerful entity in community life
for years, post-war (World War No. 1) conditions com¬
pelled the institution to cease its functions.
Then in 1937, a new organization was formed—the
Young Men’s Club—with the express purpose of re¬
viving the YMHA, without which no Jewish community
in any large city can find its best expression.
Beginning with a charter membership of less than
thirty, the Young Men’s Club grew rapidly into an or¬
ganization comprising almost two hundred represent¬
ative men of the Jewish community, attesting to the
widespread interest in the project and confirming the
belief that Jacksonville was ready for a new “Y”. Trus¬
tees of the assets of the old “Y” collaborated eagerly,
and the dream came true.
Early in 1942 Jacksonville’s new YMHA became a
fact, occupying a building adjoining the Jewish Center
on Third Street. The 220 members comprised charter
members, regular members and junior members and
represented en toto the entire Jewish community.
Under the able direction of the organization’s first
president, Mr. Ira Stein, the “Y” began to function as
a community center and focal point for many important
Jewish activities. Equipped with game rooms, billiard
tables, a lounge room, meeting rooms, and partially
equipped gymnasium, the “Y’s” activities, however, be¬
came subordinated to the affairs of a nation at war.
Soon, 40 members of the “Y” had enlisted or been
called to colors. Wartime endeavors took precedence
over all others. Jacksonville, as a city with Air Train¬
ing Stations and the focal point for thousands of men
in training at Camp Blanding nearby, had the problem
of playing host to servicemen. The “Y” directors quickly
recognized that, for the wartime period at least, “busi¬
ness as usual” was out. Within a short while, the “Y”
was transferred almost completely into a servicemen’s
center, with all the facilities of the house open to ser¬
vicemen, and with week-end sleeping accomodations
provided for many of them, in conjunction with the
USO-JWB. At the present writing there are accomoda¬
tions for 45 men, and more will be added as soon as
feasible.
On June 29th, in annual session, the organization met
to nominate and elect new officers. Mr. Ira Stein relin¬
quished the presidency to Mr. I. M. Lieberman whose
versatile and productive role in Jacksonville’s Jewish
community life needs no elaboration. Also elected were
a full set of officers and a board of directors of 17.
“The war which has disrupted our plans for a greater
YMHA,” said Mr. Lieberman, “will soon be over, God
willing. We shall have preserved our rights to life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and it is my earn¬
est and sincere hope—which I have no doubt will be
fulfilled—that the Jacksonville YMHA will take its
rightful place in community life.”
siiiiiiiiiiiiEiiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiMiicaiiiiiiiiiiiiBsiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiuiiiiicuüiiiiiiiiiEaiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiitiiciiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiujiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiicsiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiciiiiiiriiiiiiciiiiiiiiiiHiniiiiiiiiiiiHS
Page Eighty-two
