Same fyaetl About the ¡jmuiáti Gcdeuda/i
Though the daily life of the Jew is guided by the civil calendar, for religious purposes we have our own
calendar.
There are several reasons why the preservation of the Jewish calendar is of the utmost importance.
First, it is an ancient legacy of the Jewish people and it links us to its past. The great events of Jewish historv
are identified by their Hebrew dates. Second, the Jewish calendar is essential for the correct determination ^
of the Jewish festival dates. As long as there is Judaism, which include the observance of the Jewish festivals J
and ritual, so long will it be necessary to preserve and perpetuate the Jewish calendar. Third, the Jewish cal- gj
endar gives a distinctive character to the Jewish people. Every people and every religion developes its own fa
lorm by which it can be identified and which gives it uniqueness. The Jewish calendar gives this identity and j
uniqueness to the Jewish people.
The calendar in common use throughout the western world is based on the sun. The Mohammedans, ^
however, base their calendar upon the phases of the moon. The Jewish calendar is a compromise between the \
two, and is based both upon the sun and upon the moon. The months are reckoned according to the moon,
(12 months of 29/2 days .each), and the year according to the sun. In order to take up the extra eleven days, /
(Since the moon year lias 354 and a sun year has 365 days), a whole month is added to the calendar in a leap p
year. Every second or third year there is an extra month which is called “Ve-Adar,” and Adar. \
The Jewish calendar is a very old one and its history is very obscure. We do know, however, that in an- y
cient times the Jews determined the month, year, and ¡estival entirely by the testimony offered that the moon (s
had appeared and had been seen. The Sanhedrin was given the authority to hear this testimony and through v
it to establish the beginning of the month, the intercalation of the calendar, and the dates of the festivals. At J
first the New Moon was announced through the lighting of fires on hilltops. Later, messengers were sent iij
out to proclaim the date. However, since it took time for these messengers of the Sanhedrin to announce the ^
New Moon to communities outside of Palestine, it was decreed that these communities were to observe the ^
festivals for two days instead of one. This added day was called, “The second holiday of the Diaspora/' An P
exception was made in the case of Yom Kippur, which, because of the hardship of fasting could not be pro- J
longed. Rosli Hashonah was observed for two days even in Palestine because it was also the New Moon, the ^
first day of Tishri. In still later times, the astronomical calculation of the calendar became so precise that the \
practice of hearing witnesses about the appearance of the moon was discarded. Despite this, the second day ^
of the festival in the Diaspora is still observed by Orthodox and Conservative Jews. /
Some of the Jewish months have 29 days and some have 30 days. The 30 day months have two days f
Rosh Chodesh (beginning of the month), but the first day of the new month begins with the second day of J
Rosh Chodesh. ^
In order to complete the adjustment of the lunar with the solar calendar the months of Heshvan and r*
Kislev are irregular in length, sometimes having 29 and sometimes 30 days. >
This adjustment also prevents the Day of Atonement from ever occuring either on a Friday or on a Sun- /
day, so that the preparation of food may not be disturbed because of the immediate proximity of a Fast Day to
the Sabbath.
The Jewish day begins at sundown and ends the following sundown. Shabbos therefore begins at sun¬
down Friday night, and Friday is called “Erev Shabbos", the eve of Sabbath. Holidays begin at sundown of
the day before the first day of the holiday and the day called “Erev Yom Tov," the eve of the holiday. In
order to be certain that the Sabbaths and holidays are properly observed, it is essential that the candles be
kindled at least 15 minutes before sundown.
The Jewish calendar appearing in the following pages is arranged according to the civil calendar. In the
upper right hand comer of each month are the names of the Hebrew month corresponding to the English
month in the upper left hand corner. The small numeral in the lower left corner of each box is the date of
the Hebrew month. , ,v ,
Finally, in place of the name of the Hebrew selection which is read on Saturday, this calendar gives the
chapters and verses which are read from the Torah on Saturday. We hope that this will give an incentive to
some of the readers to read the weekly Bible lesson every Saturday.
Page Ninety-one
