Now it’s Monday
átneMcftJi^ned imde^
and le<2<leAAJup. 'Ike InanckeA, -
the Pneáckóol, Solomon Sckecklesi
jbay Scko'O'l, IdSlj zHadlma,
SiAienkood, Men j Cluk - kau-e
nmcked out te UiMe wtie ¿eek to
emtnace the ocdueA and ccm^yiU
ojj GonAeAiKutwe {judcuAm.
— Helene Riffle
Director
AND THE BUSH rUCKTl
WkSNOT UTK
CONSUMED taK
— Leslie Mandell
Asstistant Director
Florida Region
The Jewish Theological
Seminary of America
At the brit of Helen Siegel’s grandson.
"At a time when too mam/,, too
eaulif a^nme tkat ¡leLcflenó,
InAtitnUonL clac ImfienAonat and
uncaAlncf, a dalute oj¡ UuA natune
exploded, Utck mytkd, completely.
A t^i'doU'te ojj’ tku ki^nd id* an
accolade j¡e>i kotk ^akkl and
consecration kecanbe ojj tke
mutual nedpiect and admúiatíon it
okoiuodlif implied, ¡¡on, all
inooloed. '
— Rabbi Howard Greenstein
David Gaffney begins his day at the morning minyan. He puts on his tefillin.
At the appropriate times in the service he leads the mourners kaddish. When it’s
time to take the Torah from the ark, and it’s placed on the reading table, he takes
over the reading of the Torah portion for that day. At the conclusion of the
reading, he recites a mi sheberach for the sick members of the congregation. He
follows that with the El Moleh Rachamim to honor the memory of one whose
yarzeit is observed that day. At the end of the service, he delivers an always
interesting D’var Torah. He then goes to his office, where he gets ready for his
appointment with someone who is preparing for conversion.
“Thank you Rabbi Gaffney for making me feel at home when l first met
you 12 years ago, when 1 was Catholic and feeling very foreign in the synagogue.
Thank you for helping me be certain I had a part in Leah’s naming. Thank you
for the hours of training you gave me- Beginner’s Judaism (twice), and my
conversion to Judaism. You helped me to know that I am “just as Jewish ” even
though 1 was not born a Jew. I was nervous, you were uplifting. ”— Karen Dubin
It’s still Monday
Rabbi Gaffney takes time to speak with a congregant who has dropped by
to inquire about a private matter. Then he has a appointment to counsel a troubled
couple about their marriage, and, if necessary, explain the criteria for a Jewish
divorce. On a happier note, he has a meeting with proud parents to talk to them
about the brit of their new son.
“Here is a picture of you presiding over the brit of our grandson, Martin
Arthur Cohen, on June 26, 1997. You spoke of the wonderful, special baby in our
lives and how fortunate the baby was that his great grand-father, Harry Haber,
age 97, could be there. We remember that with such fondness”
— Helen Haber Siegel
The day is still not over. Rabbi hurries home in time for a little dinner, then
it’s back to the Center for a Religious Committee meeting, and finally home for
what’s left of the evening.
Now it’s Tuesday
The day begins quietly enough. All he has to do is, visit the hospitals to
comfort the sick. Then it’s back to the Center to prepare for the Adult Bar/Bat
Mitzvah Class which will meet that evening.
“/ want you to know that becoming a Bat Mitzvah is perhaps the most
gratifying thing I’ve ever done for myself. I have learned so much about being
Jewish and living a Jewish life. My eyes have been opened to so many daily
miracles that I previously took for granted. I have learned that Torah, laws and
tradition provide a wonderful ‘support system’ to guide us through times. Now I
have the tools to begin to learn more and to enjoy being Jewish. I thank you for
teaching me, taking me seriously and being my friend.— Elyse Whitman
He takes time to stop by the Solomon Schechter School to talk with the
children, and tell them Bible stories. Mr. Kennedy and the Rabbi discusses plans
for the songfest for the second day of Sukkot. Soon, it’s time to lead services at
