Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and operates two cemeteries, both adjacent
to the Evergreen Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are beautiful
pieces of property with large shade trees and mature landscaping.
The original cemetery is referred to as the “Old Cemetery.” The
newer cemetery is known as the “Center Memorial Park.” A new section
has been opened. The Center
provides complete maintenance
of these grounds. Both
cemeteries are open daylight
hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays.
A Memorial Service is
conducted each year on the Sunday between Rosh Hashanah and Yom
Kippur at each of the cemeteries. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel
north on North Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go
until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the
Center Memorial Park, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street,
which is beyond Winona. Make a right on 43rd Street and the entrance is
on the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Just as with other life cycle events at the Center, burial and mourning
rites are reserved for Center members. Therefore, only full members may
purchase a plot in one of the Center cemeteries. For more information
regarding the purchase of cemetery plots, please call the Center
administrative office.
We thank the voulnteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Sol Proctor
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Hevra Kaddisha
Officers 1998-99
President
Nathan C. Sandler
VP/Treasurer
Robert Bossen
VP/Education
Ira Grann
VP/Committee Chair (Tahara)
Ilse Gottlieb
Sheree Spriggs
VP/Secretary
Naomie Trager
There is a Jewish way of life and there is a Jewish way of death.
The Jacksonville Hevra Kaddisha, an independent organization
serving the entire Jewish community, is dedicated to preparing the deceased
with dignity and respect in accordance with Jewish tradition. Families
can be assured that our membership is made up of the most dedicated and
sincere individuals in our community. Our members need no recognition,
only the satisfaction of performing a mitzvah that requires no “thank-
you.”
The Hevra Kaddisha is self supporting, and has grown in strength
through the years making it possible to serve the Jewish community and
individuals regardless of their financial means. We serve 24 hours a day,
and can be of service and comfort to any family by contacting any of our
officers.
The respect, love and consideration that is afforded individuals while
living, must also be given to the deceased.
- Nathan Sandler, President
59
