President’s Message
Shanah Tovah!
As our congregation approaches its
100th anniversary, we have a lot to be
thankful for, and we have a lot to be
proud of.
We are thankful that Evan Yegelwel,
and all other past presidents of the Center,
have done their jobs so well to bring this
congregation and its schools to such
heights of excellence and quality. We are
thankful that you, our members, feel such
warmth and closeness to our synagogue that you openly
volunteer your time and are generous with your
contributions. The tireless energy and devotion dedicated
by the Center’s many volunteers make so many things
possible for all of our membership — from daily minyans
to high holiday preparations, to the day-to-day tasks that
make our synagogue run so well. The continuing generosity
of our members has allowed us to expand and improve
our programs and our ability to serve all Center members.
The recent generous bequest by Mrs. Esther Galinsky will
enhance the Solomon Schechter Day School and the
Center’s educational programs for generations to come.
We are thankful for the good fortune to have such
outstanding professionals at the Center. It is truly
extraordinary to have a Rabbi who has demonstrated such
tremendous commitment and untiring energy to our
congregation. We owe Rabbi Gaffney a tremendous debt
for all that he has given our congregation over the last 25
years. We are also very appreciative for the tremendous
enthusiasm, creative ideas, and genuine warmth Rabbi
Kentof has shared with our congregation over the past 20
years. Dov has excited and motivated our youth for two
decades, for which we are truly blessed. Cantor Heller,
Bruce Horovitz, Willard Kennedy and all
of our professional staff have done a
wonderful job maintaining the Center’s
excellent level of service to our members,
for which we are all beneficiaries.
We as a congregation have much to
be proud of. We are proud of our many
programs for all ages, which keep the
Center open from dawn until well after
dusk. We are proud of our facility and
campgrounds, which have no equal. We
are proud of an outstanding pre-school
program which introduces Judaism and Jewish values to
children at the youngest ages. We are proud of our excellent
Solomon Schechter Day School with learning standards
so high that children graduate from our school with a
superb ability to compete and succeed. We are proud of
our supplemental school and youth programs, instilling
our youth with Jewish education, fellowship, and values.
Most of all, we are both thankful and proud of our
members, without whom we would not be such a vibrant
and active congregation. By your presence, support and
energy, you make the Center a living legacy of Jewish
continuity for us, our children and future generations.
On behalf of the officers, executive committee,
committee chairmen and board, and all those here at the
Center who volunteer and work to make our Center exceed
your expectations, we wish you a very good year.
And on behalf of Beth, Daniel, Rebecca, Jennifer,
and Benjamin, I wish you a healthy, happy, and prosperous
new year!
— Mark J. Shorstein
Mark J. Shorstein
President
Berman Bros., Inc.
Best Wishes for a
Happy and Healthy New Year
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
Edward, Millie,
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
. Millie K. Tannen, d.d.s.
K 3810-5 Williamsburg Park Blvd.
Phone 353-3694
Jacksonville FL 32257
(904) 733-3360
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
15
