Rabbi Kentof’s Message
Every community on Earth, from
the most primitive to the most civilized,
passes its culture on from generation to
generation. Accordingly, the main concern
of each generation is what to make of the
next. In free societies, the concern is that
children reach their full potential as men
and women — that they grow up to do
their part to improve the world, both
materially and spiritually.
At various times, bills of rights
have been written for children, giving
specific expression to this principle.
These children’s bills of rights embody
a major American ideal. They define the rights of all
American children, whatever their faith, race, occupation,
social status, or ethnic origin. However, the children of
the Jewish community have a claim to additional rights,
which only the Jewish communities of the United States
have the obligation to secure. These rights are:
1. A continuing Jewish education that will give them
accurate knowledge and sympathetic understanding of the
life, labors, ideals, struggles, and achievements of the
Jewish people, from the beginning of their history to the
present time. This will give them the opportunity to express
themselves and become part of the continuation and
development of the Jewish religion and heritage.
2. An insight into what being a member of the Jewish
community means for their growth; a feeling that belonging
to the community, participating in its works and ways and
contributing to its culture and ideals, enhances their freedom
as individuals; and understanding of their oneness with fellow
Jews in the United States, Israel, and around the world.
3. An environment, in home, school,
synagogue, center, and association
where they are understood and guided
to full self-realization.
4. An upbringing that will strengthen
his/her commitment to democracy as
the way of life most in accord with
Jewish teaching, the welfare of
America, and the dignity of humanity,
so they will develop a deep sense of
kinship with all people.
5. A democratic community in which
they can develop, through the spiritual
and professional training of the
community’s professionals, to give devoted and effective
service to their community.
We devote the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Supplemental Schools Department to instilling these rights
in our students.
To reach our goals, we employ the best teaching staff
available, giving them new and innovative curriculum ideas
along with textbooks, audio-visual equipment, and much more,
so they can be successful in helping your child to learn and
grow.
But, we do not do it alone. The support and participation
of our parents is crucial to the success of our program.
Parents who take active, supportive roles in their children’s
Hebrew education often see the best results. We look forward
to continuing this partnership in the year ahead.
For myself, Alina, and our children, let me wish you
a Happy and Sweet New Year.
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Director of Education & Youth
9
