Youth Activities
White Water Rafting Experience
Led by Rabbi Dov Kentof
This year’s trip was a tremendous success. The challenges were great; the
river was wild; everyone survived and had a wonderful time. Many thanks to all
the adults for their help, especially Ava Axelrod, who prepared all the meals, and
Rabbi Dov Kentof, without whom there would have been no trip. Here are some
of the comments from the participants:
“A great chance to share the great
outdoors and make new friends.”
“Start as strangers, end as friends. Time
to be with your child away from the
usual distractions. You can do it even if
you think you can’t.”
“Intimate bonding experience.”
“A wonderful opportunity to leave daily
life behind and rediscover what’s really
important.”
“I could see why Rabbi Kentof loves
the kids so — they are intriguingly
unique from one another, yet each one
comes with such gifts. Yes, they are
obvious reflections and extensions of
their parents, but it is easy to see their
own spirits, which need our patience,
nurturing and appreciation. I was so
pleased with the instant companionship,
the supportive teamwork and senses of
humor.”
“It was awesome — I gained 5 lbs.
(thanks, Ava!)”
LTI
Leadership Training Institute
Summer Encampment 1998
Summers are topped off with a
unique experience at Camp Blue Star
for one week during the month of
August. Teenagers from 7th grade and
up are encouraged to take the
opportunity to participate in this
program which includes informal
classes and discussion groups, cultural
activities and special evening activities
in addition to a full range of camp sports
and social activities. The camp provides
two unique programs: Kadima, grade 6,
7 & 8, and USY, grades 9 through 12.
Those attending were: Geri Bernard,
Laney Cohen, Megan Cohen,
Stefanie Epstein, Eli Fleet, Jared
Fleet, Dena Mizrahi, Gal Nevo,
Natalie Osterer, Jeffrey Shenkman,,
Dani Spriggs, Jonathan Spriggs and
Max Talpalar.
Center Youth Banquet
May 17,1998
At the conclusion of the activity
year, the Youth Commission holds a
banquet to honor the officers, advisors
and volunteers from each Center Youth
Group. Newly elected officers for the
coming year are introduced. The lovely
ceremony and program are always
enjoyed by the young people and their
families who attend the banquet.
91
