Cantor Heller’s Message
We are once again at that exciting
period of the year— the High Holiday
Season. It begins with Rosh Hashanah,
the New Year, and ends with Yom
Kippur, the Day of Atonement, more
appropriately called Yom Hadin, the Day
of Judgment.
Rosh Hashanah is also known by
other names — Yom Hazikaron and Yom
Teruah. These names are especially
significant in the cycle of life.
Yom Hazikaron means Day of Remembrance. We
use this day to remember, to reflect and to evaluate the
year gone by. Was it good, bad, or ordinary? Well, for me,
it’s been an extraordinary year of blessing, excitement and
challenge. I have been blessed to finally have my family
join me, and to spend our first Yom Tov together in our
new home, with our new friends. Thankfully, the transition
particularly for my children, Lisa, Jonathan and Daniel,
was made smooth by the unbelievable support of this
wonderful community.
My son Jonathan celebrated his Bar Mitzvah in our
new synagogue this past year, and I was once again given
the opportunity to experience first hand the excitement
that all parents feel when their children assume the
responsibilities of Jewish adults. I knew this would be a
memorable occasion, but the rallying of the entire
community around my family exceeded my expectations.
I thank you all.
There has been, too, the wonderful challenge of
preparing your children to take their places on our bima,
giving special meaning to the expression V dor v’dor, “from
generation to generation.” I was privileged to share the
excitement of the families whose sons and daughters
celebrated their own Bar and Bat Mitzvot, after months of
nervous studying under the watchful eye of the “new
Cantor.” Each celebration reinforced
the fact that Judaism is vibrant in our
community. We are all truly blessed
to have a wonderful reservoir of
children, who are given, through our
Center school programs, the tools by
which to live a good Jewish life. These
special events, each one unique, are a
source of immense inspiration to me.
But more challenges lay ahead.
Yom Teruah, the Day the Shofar is
Sounded, emphasizes this. We blow the shofar for that
very reason — to alert ourselves to the challenges of making
ourselves, and our world, better. The range of these issues
is extensive and diverse, but for me none is more important
than strengthening and deepening our involvement in Jewish
education. The commitment and achievements, of which
our congregation is justifiably proud, are the result of 25
years of dedication and guidance by Rabbi Gaffney,
supported by the effervescent energy of Rabbi Kentof, to
educate our youth and adults. Yet, there is so much more
to do. The tekiah of the shofar will stir me to continue to
strive to fulfill my own goals, and to rise to the challenges
of serving the needs of all sectors of this community. My
focus will be on our children. However, the support of
parents in these endeavors is paramount to our success. I
look forward to their continued active engagement.
With these thoughts, let us face the New Year with
confidence and may Yom Hadin, the Day of Judgment, be
the day that we are sealed in the Book of Life, health and
happiness in order that we may meet the challenges that
lie ahead.
On behalf of Lynette, my family, and myself, I extend
to you L Shanah Tovah Tikatevu.
— Cantor Aron Heller
Cantor Aron Heller
SSDS Youth Choir, under the direction of Cantor
Heller, performed at a Sisterhood Luncheon.
Teaching a new song.
A seminar for Bar/Bat Mitzvah students and
parents lead by Rabbi Kentof and Cantor Heller.
li
