Community Organizations
Hadassah
“Hadassah has always been an important bridge to peace.
By treating all people without regard to nationality or religion—
Hadassah has shown the world what peace in the Middle East
will look like.” -Yitzchak Rabin, Jerusalem, 1994.
Judaism teaches that is not enough to avoid iniquity —
we must actively pursue righteousness and justice at home, in
the, community, and in the world. In this tradition, Hadassah
was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold to bring public health
services to pre-state Israel. Today, more than 300,000 American
women support our network of Israel projects in addition to
our volunteer work at home. Across the US, Hadassah promotes
health education, community service, and Jewish education
and research. Hadassah advocates on issues ranging from
Israel-US relations to First Amendment protections to women’s
rights and health concerns.
One by one, we must each take responsibility for
transforming hopes, promises, and echoes into deeds.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites your participation in one of our
four groups: Hannah Senesch, Shir Li, Tikva, and Nurse’s
Gouncil.
For information please contact any of our presidents:
Chapter Phyllis Goldberg and Robin Morris
Hannah Senesch Adele Levitin and Jean Weinberg
Shir Li Robin Allerding
Tikva Leslie Held
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah Board:
National Council of Jewish Women
The National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW)-
Jacksonville Section, Inc. is a volunteer organization, inspired
by Jewish values, that works through a program of research,
education, advocacy, and community service to improve the
quality of life for women, children and families, and strives to
ensure individual rights and freedoms for all.
The Jacksonville section was established in 1939, and
has been involved in the following programs:
• Tutoring “at risk” girls at PACE to provide them with a second
chance to earn a diploma and job skills;
• Bringing kosher meals, as well as a caring word, to the
homebound (Kosher Kart);
• Starting a model program, later adopted nationwide, to
provide abused children with a voice in the court system
(Guardian Ad Litem);
• Bringing the Home Instructional Program for Preschool
Youngsters (HIPPY), a school-readiness program for at risk
4 and 5 year olds to Jacksonville;
• Spearheading advocacy efforts at the local, state, and
national levels for programs and policies which impact our
six priority areas, which include women’s issues, children
and youth, health and aging, constitutional rights, Jewish
Life, and Israel;
• Provide educational monthly programs to educate the
community about a variety of topics.
For information, contact Ellen Rubens 737-1552
1998-99 NCJW Officers
Education VP Etta Drashin
Fundraising VP Helen DuBow
Treasurer Ellen Rosner
Records Janis Dorman
Corresponding Stella Finck
Recording Joanne Rosenberg
Social Marjie Rogozinski
Life Membership Pearl Marton
American Affairs
Arlene Yegelwel
Zionist Affairs Iris Kraemer
Wills & Bequests
Wendy Honigman
JNF Trees Rubye Safer
Young Judaea Eta Perras
Hadassah Associates
Lillian Meizlik
Israel Bonds Evelyn Moskovitz
Hadassah Supplies Use Gottlieb
Dollar Power Store Rhoda Kagan
Major Gifts Joan Waitz
Parliamentarian Barbara Safer
Nominating Comm.
June Shenkman
Bulletin Editor
Melanie Livingstone
President
Co-VP’s Community Service
Ellen Rubens
Beverly Brinn, Susan Edelman
VP Membership
VP Fundraising
Co-VP’s Programming
VP Public Affairs
Treasurer
Corresponding Sec.
Financial Secretary
Recording Secretary
Social Secretary
Bulletin Editor
Meryl Rittenberg, Juli Shapiro-Moser
Janice Meisel
Debby Banks, Marjie Rogozinski
Gloria Einstein
Diane Jolson
Lisa Hochman, Robin Shorstein
Sandra Morgan
Debbie Goldstein
Elaine Barbert
Stacy Goldring
Alexandra’s
DQ Electrolysis
Studio
ALEXANDRA STOLYARSKY
GERALD BRANTLEY i||SL
Licensed Electrologist
sterile instruments, disposable needles
PIANO TUNING
Sunbeam Professional Center
3948 Sunbeam Road, Ste 5
Jacksonville, FL 32257
License * E00000458 (904) 292~2400
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers 197
