Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation
serves as a central resource for our Jewish
community. In summary, the Federation is
dedicated to providing for the welfare of
every Jewish person living in Jacksonville.
Through a partnership with the United
Jewish Appeal, we are equally committed to
the survival of and quality of life for every
Jew living in Israel and throughout the
Diaspora.
The four major local recipient agencies
of funds raised by the Federation are the
Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family
& Community Services, River Garden
Hebrew Home and the Jacksonville Jewish
Foundation. We are proud of the
invaluable services provided by these four
outstanding Jewish agencies. It is a privilege
to assist them in trying to meet their goals.
Jewish education is extremely
important and the Federation is proud to
support the Solomon Schechter Day School,
Beit Midrash Hebrew High, and Etz Chaim
Hebrew Academy. Through the Joan Levin
Gift of Israel program, Federation is helping
to make the dream of a trip to Israel a reality
for Jewish teens in our community.
The Federation is involved with com¬
munity relations, leadership development,
and Missions to Israel. We will continue
to work in cooperation with our local agen¬
cies, UJA and the synagogues to address
the vital issues and challenges in the en¬
tire arena of Jewish continuity. Our Board
wishes the members of the synagogue a
Happy & Healthy New Year.
As this Yearbook is dedicated to Rabbi
David Gaffney in honor of his 25 years of
service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center, we
would like to add our congratulations to Rabbi
Gaffney at this special moment in his career.
Rabbi Gaffney is a true friend of Federation
and his support is appreciated by our
leadership. It was a pleasure participating
with him on our Yom Ha’Atzmaut Mission
to Israel this past spring. Rabbi Gaffney’s
passion and devotion to all things Jewish
have allowed him to impact positively on his
synagogue and the. entire Jewish
community. A well deserved Mazel Tov to
him and his family!
Dr. Kenneth Sekine, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
— Executive Committee—
President
Dr. Kenneth Sekine
Campaign Chair
Dr. Scot Ackerman
1st Vice President
Margery Serkin
Vice President
Michael Donziger
Vice President
Matthew Edelman
Vice President
Michael Korn
Vice President
Eunice Zisser
Treasurer
Susan Eaglstein
Secretary
Dr. Guy Benrubi
Immediate Past President
Stephen Silverman
Women’s Division Campaign Chair
Leslie Held
Executive Director
Elliott Horovitz
Board of Trustees
Melvin Gottlieb, Chair
Lois Chepenik Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards
Melvyn Fruit
Jay Graff
Barbara Jaffe
Alyssa Korn
Neil Presser
Gloria Einstein
Ed Gelman
Mark Green
Howard Korman
Joan Levin
Michael Schneider
Steve Sherman Mark Shorstein
Stephen Silverman Richard Sisisky
Dr. Roy Sloat Barry Zisser
Advisory Committee
Max Block
Lawrence DuBow
Sid Gefen
Jeff Parker
Jack Selevan
Russell Selevan
David Stein
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is dedicated to accumulating permanent
assets which can provide a source of income to help support the stability and
continuity of the Agencies and Synagogues in Jacksonville. The Foundation
professionally administers lifetime and testamentary giving plans designed to:
• Assist individuals to achieve their personal charitable goals in the most tax-
advantaged manner.
° Accumulate enduring endowed resources for use in supporting special,
emergency, and future needs; particularly those not provided for by the Jacksonville
Jewish Federation’s annual campaign.
The Foundation exists as a partnership of Jacksonville’s Synagogues and
Agencies to assure a better future for all generations. Through the Foundation,
donors are provided with many ways to perpetuate their charitable interests through
a wide array of funding opportunities.
In partnership with: Beth El-The Beaches Synagogue, Beth Shalom
Congregation, Congregation Ahavath Chesed (The Temple), Etz Chaim Synagogue,
Jacksonville Jewish Center, Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Community
Alliance, Jewish Family & Community Services and River Garden Hebrew Home.
189
