Committees
Mitzvah Committee Membership
Joan Waitz, Chairperson Rhoda Goldstein, Chairperson
Bikkur Holim literally means “visiting the sick” and is a
religious imperative for us as Jews. The ancient tradition finds
its roots in a number of biblical and rabbinic texts.
In Bereshit, the first book of the Torah, we learn that
human beings are created b’tzelem Elohim, in God’s image.
Judaism understands this to mean that we are required to
emulate the ethical attributes of God, mercy, kindness,
forgiveness, graciousness.
Modern society with its wondrous advances in medical
technology, intimidating procedures and sterile hospital
environments, has, if anything, increased the need for Bikkur
Holim. The needs of the sick and aged require, not only the
best of scientific knowledge, but the loving care of family,
friends, neighbors and the synagogue community.
“To minister to the sick, is to minister to God.”
— Abraham Joshua Heschel
A special bouquet goes to Faye Price for her loyal visits
to Baptist Hospital. For more information and to volunteer
your time, call Joan Waitz, 731-2486.
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish when
you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe them not only our
thanks, but also our help, to continue providing a minyan.
Please call any minyan captain and become a “regular” for at
least one minyan a week.
Monday a.m.
Monday p.m.
Raymond Cohen, Harry Shmunes
Robert Shenkman
Tuesday a.m.
Tuesday p.m.
Jack Mizrahi
Jack Bettman
Wednesday a.m.
Wednesday p.m.
Religious Committee
Jack Silverman
Thursday a.m.
Thursday p.m.
Seeman Zimmerman
Fred Kupperman
Friday a.m.
Friday p.m.
Leon Yergin, Ira Grann
Philip Selber
Saturday p.m.
Religious Committee
Sunday a.m.
Sunday p.m.
Philip Selber
Evan Yegelwel and Bill Zoske
Rhoda Goldstein and Judy Greenfield
prepare welcome bags.
The Center Membership Committee is committed to
extending friendship, recruiting, retaining and mostly
involving newcomers in the life of our congregation. This year
alone, over 60 new families have joined our ranks.
To meet the needs of our multifaceted Center family,
the Membership Committee provides a wide variety of
services, such as Shabbat synagogue greeters, hospital
visitation, newcomer welcome-bag delivery, outreach to
singles, and arrangements for holiday home-hospitality.
Since a family that “plays together, stays together”, the
committee sponsors brunches, casual dinners, cocktail parties
and other social events throughout the year.
Bringing our members together is the Membership
Committee’s greatest pleasure, and we welcome your ideas
and participation. Every member of our synagogue is
automatically a member our committee. Each of you is an
ambassador of good will, not only to new members, but to all
members. Together we can make the Center truly “the center
of our life”.
Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center
Visit the Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center.
It contains a rich collection of books of Jewish interest —
Bible, prayer, Talmud, Holocaust, philosophy, literature, Israel,
poetry, humor and fiction. All are available for reading by
members of our congregation.
The Library is open Sundays from 8:30 to noon.
Library Committee
Chairpersons:
Minnie Schreiber and May Goldie Stillman
Administrative Assistant:
Elaine Furman
Members:
Blanche Slott, Roselyn Selber,
Mod Demri and Svetlana Goldiner
Staff Assistants:
Vicky Goldiner and Rachel Organes
29
