Organizations
Center Choral Society
Jewish Singles
A great pasta & pizza party at Talie Bielski’s.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center provides
opportunities for Jewish singles from 21 to 35ish to gather
together for dinner and socializing a few times a month.
This group is open to all Jewish singles, regardless of
synagogue affiliation. This important program is sponsored
by the Center and, for the past two years, subsidized by
funding from the Jacksonville Jewish Federation. Flyers,
the Center Bulletin and the Jacksonville Jewish News notify
Jewish singles of upcoming activities. For more
information, and to join the group, call Rhoda at the Center
office, 292-1000.
55+ Club
Row 1 L to R: Molly Silverman, Pollie Copans, Sada Freedman,
Row 2 L to R: Jack Silverman, Philip Copans, Ben Edwards
The 55+ Club, now in its eleventh year, usually meets
the second Sunday of each month from 2 to 4 p.m. at the
Center. Programs include speakers, musical performers,
dancing exhibitions and interesting presentations. The enter¬
tainment is always exciting, refreshments are served and
there’s always time for socializing. The annual luncheon
in June is the highlight of the year. Membership is open to
the entire Jewish Community with annual dues only $12.50
per person.
For over 51 years, the Center Choir has been
enhancing services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with
moving liturgical music. Over the years they have given
numerous concerts featuring members of the choir as well
as nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current
members have been singing with this group for twenty years
or more. New members are always welcome.
— 55+ Club Officers —
President
Ben Edwards
Vice President/Programming
Pollie Copans
Treasurer
Jack Silverman
Recording Secretary
Sada Freedman
Corresponding Secretary
Philip Copans
Hospitality Committee
Pollie Copans,
Sada Friedman
Molly Silverman
1998 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Pollie Copans, Organizing Secretary
Stevie Levine, Music Coordinator
Members: Justin Axelrod, Ruchel Broadman,
Raymond Cohen, Pollie Copans, Cynthia Disher,
Karen Dubin, Margaret Fleet, Lois Gosa, Debbie
Kaye, Rosalind Klein, Henry Lasris, Stevie Levine,
Bob Kent, Judy Geller Nevel, David, Peggy and
Rachel Organes, Dr. David Sail, David Schmerer, Beth
Shorstein, Anita and Steve Solomon, Nathan Spiritas,
Cathy and Mari Wilensky.
Pollie Copans
27
