the home of a family in mourning during the Shiva period. It’s still not the end of
the day because, as usual there’s a meeting at the Center that he must attend. This
has been his “easy day”.
Here it is Mit-Voch (Wednesday)
Things should be slowing down about now (wishful thinking). First thing
this morning there is a meeting with the staff to discuss up-coming events, such
as, Selichot, Rosh Hashanah, Yom Kippur and other issues of the day. Today is
also the day he delivers aD’var Torah at the Sisterhood Luncheon. Once a month
on Wednesday mornings, he leads a Sisterhood Seminar. When that is done he
returns to his office for a meeting with a Bar Mitzvah and his parents.
“We so much appreciate everything you did to make our sons Bar Mitzvah
so meaningful. Your generosity in allowing Rabbi Goldblum to give the sermon
Friday night, your warm comments at services about the family, your support and
friendship throughout the year, and more. — Mark and Beth Shorstein
The Beit Midrash Hebrew High is in session tonight and Rabbi Gaffney,
along with other educators and Rabbis from other congregations will be teaching.
This will be the 25th Confirmation Class he will guide through the confusing
maze of teen issues.
Rabbi Gaffney teaches the Confirmation
class of 1990 . . . with happy results.
“Confirmation Class gave me an opportunity to see how much you love to
teach. Going every Wednesday evening to your room was like opening a short
story — you never wanted it to end. The time passed by so fast. I will always
remember what you taught me. ” — Jason Schmerer
What’s Different about Thursday
Absolutely nothing is different — except more of it! At the morning minyan,
Rabbi Gaffney instructs an upcoming Bar Mitzvah in the “laying on” of tefillin.
No matter how many times he does this, the Rabbi enjoys this private moment
with the boy. Another generation is bound by a centuries old mitzvah. Later today,
Rabbi Gaffney travels to Gainesville to visit with our college students, and shares
with them news from home. He discusses with them religious questions and
encourages their comments. On his return, he prepares for his meeting with the
Executive Board. Then gets ready for meeting of the full board that evening. No
doubt about it, Rabbi David Gaffney is committed (and sometime thinks he should
be) to serving his congregation twenty-four hours a day.
"T-H-I-F” — Thank Ha’Shem It’s Friday
This is the home stretch. All the Rabbi has left to do is write his sermon for
Shabbat (You don’t think these speeches are the product of Divine providence,
do you?), compose his charge to the Bar or Bat Mitzvah, jot down some words of
welcome to out of town guests, get his announcement lists together— Now does
he get to rest as Shabbat begins on Friday night? It’s a day he enjoys most, but it
can’t be called restful. First there’s the early Kabbalat Shabbat.At a dinner hosted
by the parents of a Bar or Bat Mitzvah, he acts as emcee. Afterwards, it’s on to
the Friday evening service with it’s heart warming melodies like Lecha Dodi to
welcome the Sabbath, and the Kiddush. He would like to linger at the oneg Shabbat,
but he knows he must be up early tomorrow morning.
'ífoua óAuvice ¿nófUAotíon and
¡jeuUáAkmuded^JiMátnmcfa
the aoofi oj¡ the jjeáMU peopfe
UuioucjA modi impmiant aAAet
— qua youik. "
— Pam Maman,
Administrator
Beit Midrash Jax.
Marcy Rubens, Bat Mitzvah It???
3b
