Administration
Executive Director’s Message
If you’ve walked through the
Jacksonville Jewish Center over the past
few months, you’ve noticed a lot of
refurbishing going on. We’ve had workmen
on the roof, in the kitchen, on the
campgrounds and in the classrooms.
We have new carpet in our sanctuary
and pre-school, handicapped access to our
bima, new restrooms in our day school and
new plumbing in our kitchen. There’s a new
security system and yes, we are even
working on the air conditioning.
We promised you these improvements as part of our
Centennial Challenge Campaign, and I am pleased to report
that we are moving straight ahead with plans to have our
facility renovated and our mortgage paid off in time for
the congregation’s Centennial Celebration in the year 2001.
In the midst of all of this construction, we are
planning another kind of refurbishment campaign at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. This campaign does not require
another building fund pledge or any other additional
financial contribution. Rather it’s a refurbishment of our
Jewish spirit and soul.
This campaign is called “Shabbat — A Day for the
Rest of our Lives,” and its our congregation’s theme for
the coming year.
How appropriate it is that as we approach the new
millennium, and our congregation’s 100th birthday, we
rededicate ourselves to the observance and
experience of Shabbat, one of the most
central concepts of Judaism.
Shabbat has always been the
cornerstone of Jewish life. If we get more
of our members to engage in exploring
Shabbat, it will enhance their lives and, in
the process, unite us as a congregation and
a community.
Much of programming in the coming
year will be designed to help each of our
members experience personally the joy of
Shabbat. We look forward to your participation in this
exciting “refurbishment” project.
As I look back on this past year, I would like to
express my personal thank you to our many dedicated
professionals, staff, volunteers and lay leaders, who work
so diligently on behalf of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
And to our members ... a special thank you for making
our congregation so vibrant and unique.
My family and I would also like congratulate Rabbi
David Gaffney for his 25 years of dedicated service to our
congregation and our community.
As we approach the New Year let us remember that
a refurbished building is nothing without a refurbished soul.
May the coming year bring each of us closer to one another
and closer to Shabbat.
On behalf of Edith, Sam and Max, Shana Tova.
— Bruce Horovitz
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Activities Director’s Message
As I reflect on the events of the past year and peruse the calendar of events for this
coming year, I am proud and excited that every religious holiday, life cycle celebration,
lecture, luncheon, fundraiser, school or youth activity, gives us another opportunity to
showcase our achievements and strength.
Every year brings with it a new beginning. Each new administration brings new
ideas and fresh insight. One thing that remains constant, is that we at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center are a community and extended family, who share in the pleasure of
worshipping together and working together to support Jewish values. We not only celebrate
together, we are there for each other during times of stress and sorrow.
Our volunteers are a continual source of inspiration. They give their time and love to
our congregational family with unselfish devotion and we are grateful. We have so much
to offer and encourage everyone to become involved. This year let us all resolve to enhance our lives by reaching even
higher in the process of growing Jewishly.
On behalf of my family Abe, David & Talie, my best wishes for a year of health, happiness and peace. L’Shana Tova!
— Shirley Bielski
Shirley Bielski
Activities Director
13
