Organizations
Center Sisterhood
r 1998-2000 Officers -|
President
Beth Shorstein
Education VP
Etta Drashin
Membership VP
Gayle Bailys
Ways & Means VP
Marjie Rogozinski
Program VP
Jeanine Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Torah Fund VP
Debbie Banks
Youth VP
Stella Finck
Treasurer
Maxine Romo
Financial Secretary
Elissa Vining
Recording Secretary
Meryl Rittenberg
Corresponding Sec.
Lauren Hochrad
Parliamentarian
Janis Dorman
Budget
Jane Grann
Nominating Committee
Bonnie Sandler
Beth Shorstein
President
I am excited and proud to be taking over the reins of
the Center Sisterhood. Under the able guidance of Bonnie
Sandler, Sisterhood accomplished so much this past year. I
wish I could individually recognize all of the wonderful
members who carried out these activities, but I will, instead,
describe our many accomplishments.
The program theme this past year was “Women who
do Mitzvot in the Community.” We had a number of
wonderful speakers and inspiring entertainment, including
a creative night program. All of our fundraisers were
successful, including our second annual Simcha Showcase and Boutique, featuring
live music by Jacksonville’s klezmer band, Klezmania. The Holiday flower sales,
New Year’s cards, our fabulous bowling party, Nachas Tax, and Leagrams all added
to our fundraising efforts.
Our educational programs were stimulating, informative and appealing. We
are fortunate to have a large number of knowledgeable professional and lay people to
rely upon for our numerous activities. Book reviews, Israeli affairs arid social action
reports kept our members interested and informed. The Rabbi’s Sisterhood Seminars
and Sisterhood Bat Mitzvah classes contributed to our personal growth. Out of concern
for members of our congregation, we formed a bereavement committee, to help prepare
homes for the return of mourners following a funeral.
Sisterhood is very proud of its involvement with the Center’s youth groups. We
support these young people of our congregation in numerous ways, including providing
scholarships for all summer programs. On a national level, Sisterhood raises funds to
benefit students of the Jewish Theological Seminary, through our Torah Fund
campaign.
In the next few months, Sisterhood will continue doing all these wonderful
activities, and add some more. Plans are being discussed for new community service
projects; and closer to home, we are working to create closer relationships with our three school PTA’s. With their record
enrollments, they could use some extra help!
My incoming board is energized and full of new, innovative ideas. In order for our members to fully benefit, however,
they all need to become involved. Sisterhood offers something for everyone, whether it is creative handicrafts, programs,
social action, community service or Jewish Family Living. We all have strengths and talents that can be used to enhance our
Sisterhood, which, in turn, supports the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Find yourself in your Sisterhood. Let us support and
sustain it through our combined efforts.
Left: Attendees of Florida Branch Spring Convention,
May 1998, in Tampa. Right: Bonnie Sandler, bedouin
hostess at Branch “Salute to Israel” Dinner.
