Special Events
Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival
of Sukkot. Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On
Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately
begin anew. An ancient tradition evolved of honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for
the last reading, Hatan Torah, and the new beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In our synagogue
tradition, we also honor the contributions made by a “Woman of Valor”.
Nathan “Sonny” Sandler Mark Shorstein Martha Savage
Hatan Torah Hatan Bereshit Woman of Valor
Sonny is always
available to extend
a helping hand to
his friends and
neighbors. A
member of the
Center for more
than 50 years, he
has worked quietly
and without
publicity on behalf of the Center and
the Jewish community with
commitment, responsibility and
concern. A loyal and regular participant
of the daily Minyan, Sonny served as a
Minyan captain for twelve years. He
served on the Board, volunteered with
Day Camp and worked tirelessly on the
Bingo project in support of the Center.
He continues to serve as a member of
the Cemetery committee and can be
counted on annually to sell raffle tickets
to benefit our education programs.
A commitment Sonny takes very
seriously is his twenty year membership
in the Chevra Kaddisha. He has been
president for several years. No matter
what time of day he is called, Sonny is
available to perform the most reverent
mitzvah a Jew can do for his fellow man.
The members of the Chevra receive no
reward other than the inner satisfaction
for a service that is so vital to the
traditional Jewish community.
A man who is always busy, Sonny
has retired twice from Florida Paper
Company, yet still manages to work “part
time” 30 hours a week. A modest man,
he will allow his chest to swell on one
subject, his family. Sonny and Marilyn
have been married for 45 years, raised
four beautiful daughters, Arlene, Renee,
Suzy and Holly, and have six
grandchildren.
We were pleased to honor Sonny
for his significant contributions to our
synagogue and community.
Mark is a fifth
generation
Shorstein at the
Jacksonville
Jewish Center
and, like those
before him, has
become an integral
part of the Center’s
everyday life. Over the years, Mark has
conducted everything from Shabbat
services to the most critical financial
meetings with a sense of
professionalism and dedication that has
become synonymous with the Shorstein
name.
A true product of the Center,
Mark is a graduate of the Solomon
Schechter Day School, served as
president of USY and took an active
role in various youth activities. He is a
regular attendee of Monday morning
minyan and has even served the
congregation as an interim, lay cantor.
A graduate of University of
Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of
Finance, Mark is co-managing principal
of the well established CPA firm
Shorstein & Shorstein, PA.
Mark is the newly elected
president of the Center. As past vice-
president of Finance and chairman of
the Finance Committee, Mark’s
leadership and extraordinary accounting
talents were instrumental in keeping the
Center fiscally sound. As president, he
will be invaluable.
Mark’s community service is not
limited to the Center. Mark serves as
vice president of Jewish Family &
Community Services, is on the board
of the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation,
as well as the board of the Jacksonville
Art Museum.
Mark shared this honor with his
wife, Beth, children, Daniel, Rebecca,
Jennifer and Benjamin, as well as his
father, brothers and extended family.
her parents. Like
them, she was married at the Center and
like her children, she attended the
Center’s religious schools. As a young
bride she was a vice president of
Sisterhood and since has held many
positions of volunteer activity.
Because it is important to Martha
to make a difference she says, “I do
what I can, I don’t need a title!”
However there are many titles that
readily fit, such as, “fantastic fund¬
raiser, “official greeter,” “valued
volunteer”, an award given in 1995.
Martha is the person responsible for the
friendly faces that greet you on Shabbat
morning. She annually sells yearbook
greetings, Performing Artist
reservations, and Center Raffle tickets.
She is an “accomplished seamstress”,
who worked on the chuppah project, a
“pink lady” in charge of surgical
holding. The list goes on and on.
Martha has a vitality, that she
translates into action. A ticket seller
extraordinaire, 34 years ago she was
crowned Queer Esther for selling over
1,000 Purim program tickets and this
year her individual raffle ticket sales
raised more than $10,000 for Center
education programs.
We honored Martha for her
unselfish devotion to her synagogue,
family and friends. Proud mother and
grandmother, Martha exemplifies the
highest ideals Judaism by giving of
herself to help others Sharing her honor
were her children, Barry, Dona and
Doris, and granddaughters, Ashley and
Lara.
35
