In Honor Of
^Rabbi ¿0AVID (Saffney
Dear Dad,
We would like to add our voices to the many who are extending their warm
congratulations to you on the occasion which marks your completing 25 years ... a quarter of
a century, with the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Your life has been intertwined with your
beloved congregation for a substantial portion of your life. You have, over the years, rejoiced
with those who celebrated happy and joyous events; shared with them in their personal
simchas and celebrated with them at the many milestones over which you have officiated.
You have also been with them in more difficult times, joining with them in prayer when
they were ill, counseling the troubled and comforting the bereaved. Always, you were available
to the Jewish Center membership, over weekends and into the late hours of night serving as
a rabbi in as large and as involved and as dynamic a congregation as is the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. You have always epitomized in your own spiritual life and in relation to your
congregants what a rabbi should be.
We know that you feel yourself to be truly a blessed man. Rabbinic life is not only a
profession for you — it is central to your personality. You love what you do with all your
heart* with all your soul and with all your might Your love for Torah, for Judaism, for the
Jewish people and for the State of Israel are boundless and your devotion to your congregation
has always been marked by mesirut nefesh, with a devotion that comes from your soul.
Teaching Jewish life... making people aware of the beauty and the depth of Jewish existence,
has always been an integral part of your personality. You have inspired people in countless
classes, with your thoughtful bulletin articles, in sermons and at every occasion when you
are given the opportunity to do what you love best — teach Torah. We have no doubt but that
the words found in the morning service “ashrenu, mah tovhelkenu” . . “how fortunate I am,
how good is our portion, how beautiful is our heritage, how happy we are to declare Sh ma
YIsrael...” are something that you affirm with your life.
You have always told us what a special synagogue the Jacksonville Jewish Center is
and how grateful you are for the respect, esteem and recognition that you receive. It has been
a very special shiddach, a wonderful match, from the first years that brought you to the
Jewish Center to the present time. We know how fortunate you feel in that you have had the
privilege of working with and for the finest and nicest people one can find in any congregation.
Regardless of how “all consuming” your work for the Jewish Center is we know you
have always given us all the attention that is possible, whether near or far. We do know that
your responsibilities were all embracing ... long evenings, meetings, Friday night through
Saturday night b’nai mitzvah, and classes on Sunday morning. You are blessed with a wife,
our beloved Mom, who has been so willing to share all this with you, most especially when
the line between public life and private life merge. You have also had in her a friend ... a
good counsel... a good listener ... and a woman who brought her own charm and poise to the
many friendships and relationships that you have enjoyed. She has truly been an ezerk’negdo,,
a helpmate at your side.
We are so proud that you are our father and we thank you much for being a role model
to us and our families. May you continue from strength to strength. We love you so much.
With great love and respect*
Aisher & Sabrina Shalva & David Jordana, Yoav Ezra and Shira
PTnnr ptn ptn
