Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
The 33 boys of Cub Scout Pack 14 had another
outstanding year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center,under the
leadership of Cubmaster Jim Richman. Some of our
activities included camping and winning many awards at the
Riverbend District Cubaree Camp out, Pinewood Derby
homemade car race at River Garden, Scout Shabbat, fishing
at River Garden, and our annual Blue and Gold Award
Banquet. We want to thank Jim as he completes his 7th year
of pack leadership.
The 5th grade Webelo den, along with den parent Stella
Finck, is to be commended on some special achievements.
The boys, Ori Demri, Ben Finck, Zachary Morris, David
Selber and Mathew Shorstein have achieved the highest rank
in Cub Scouting — The Arrow of Light, as well the Aleph
Award, the religious emblem that our pack has not seen earned
in quite a few years. Congratulations to the boys and their
families.
Our 2nd grade group was led by Elissa Vining (along
with the Pack Mascot-Sparky Vining). These boys earned
their Wolf badge and enjoyed many activities. Good work
Cubs — Adam Friedman, Mathew Glassman, Stefan
Mykych, Kevin Norton, Zachary Schemer, Brian Sherman,
Kyle Solloway, Cameron Spiritas and Kyle Vining.
The 3rd grade den worked very hard this year. Their
den parents Beth Shorstein, Deena Richman, and Jeri
Schwartz helped their boys to earn the Bear badge and many
gold and silver arrows. Hats off to David Denman, Jack
Joseph, Brian Levenson, Louis Richman, Jonathan Sandler,
Sam Schwartz, Amie Silverberg, Benjamin Shorstein, Adam
Weiss, Joseph Yarish and Josh Rosenberg.
Our 4th grade Webelos were also led by Elissa Vining
with Stacy Epstein. These boys earned many Webelo pins
and are well on their way to fulfilling the requirements for
The Arrow of Light. These boys are Aaron Blankstein,
Michael Epstein, Josh Fleet, Michael Meisel, Jonathan
Mizrahi, David Richter, Kyle Schoettler and Andrew Vining.
This was my seventh and final year as Pack 14
Committee Chairperson. Ori has crossed over into Boy Scouts,
thus joining my other son Michael. I would like to take this
opportunity to thank the Center staff for all their assistance
and cooperation. Thanks to Anne Depaul, our Unit
Commissioner, to Carole Goldberg for her instruction, all the
parent leaders and volunteers, and most of all, a very special
thanks to Jim Richman. Without having Jim along for the ride,
I would have had to have stopped the train and gotten off long
ago!!!!
GO MIGHTY CUB SCOUTS OF MIGHTY PACK 14!!
Cindy Demri
Committee Chairperson
Flying Eagles Den — 2nd grade
(L to R) Mathew Glassman, Stephan
Myleych, Kyle Solloway, Cameron
Spiratas, Kyle Vining, Zach Schemer,
Kevin Norton, Brian Sherman. Leader:
Elissa Vining.
Arrow of Light Weblos — 5th grade
(R to L) Zach Morris, Mathew Shorstein,
David Selber, Ori Demri, Ben Finck.
Leader: Stella Finck.
Scorpion Den — 3rd grade
(L to R) Ben Shorstein, Josh Rosenberg,
Louis Richman, Joseph Yarish, Sam
Schwarz, David Denman, Jonathan Sandler,
Amie Silverberg. Leaders: Deena Richman,
Jeri Schwartz, Beth Shorstein.
City Recognition Ceremony
Religious Awards
Ori Demri, center, received Aleph Award
Cobra Weblos Den — 4th grade
(L to R) Andrew Vining, Kyle Schoettler,
Josh Fleet, Michael Epstein. Leaders:
Elissa Vining, Stacey Epstein.
Blue & Gold Banquet
Cubmaster Jim Richman spoke to scouts
and their parents.
97
