One of the first Family Council programs.
Rabbi Gaffney out for a ride in Israel.
Ijou both made cud tdip, to- 9ddael
¡¡UK ad upeii ad IntededUncf and
educational, bjcu wede with ud
when we pdcufed at the Wall, ad
we cdledai Ijad Vadkem and ad
we laucjhed in del Aipup . . . dkat
wad an expedience that bonded ud
mode átdoncfUf to each otheo and
to dkeJland.
— Chary & Michael Greenberg
Receiving an honorary Doctorate from
Seminary Chancellor Schorsch.
3e
• FAMILY COUNCIL
The adage “two heads are better than one” is born out in the development of the
Family Council. In 1987, the combination of Rabbi Gaffney’s desire to provide a vehicle
to increase parental involvement in their children’s religious education, and the creative
talents of Rabbi Dov Kentof to design the activities, resulted in a series of ten, hands-
on, family oriented programs, which were joyously well received. The program won a
program award at the 1988 United Synagogue Biennial Convention in only its second
year. Rabbi Gaffney will be the first to credit the continuing success of this program to
the innovative genius and hard work of Rabbi Kentof.
“Rabbi Gaffney was happy to see families working together, putting Judaism into
an active setting, where it is practiced to insure its continuation from generation to
generation. ” — Sue Ann Blumenthal
• MINYANAIRE
This Sunday morning program was especially attractive to men who could not attend
a weekday minyan. It began with services at 9 a.m., followed by breakfast and a guest
speaker or other presentation that Rabbi Gaffney arranged.
“It was the first Center activity that I got involved in that did not also involve my
wife. In that sense it was a precursor to the Men’s Club. It was fun, successful, and a
lot of fellows that were involved went on to become involved in other synagogue
and community projects. ” — Neil Sandler
Rabbi Gaffney’s sphere of interest, and influence, extends beyond the classroom
and sanctuary. He was instrumental in the development of many other projects,
organizations and programs, and helped to enhance still others.
Havurah groups
Ha-Rayim, young couples club
55+ Club, for seniors
The Center Men’s Club
Performing Artist Series
Henry Kramer Library
Congregational Summer Tours of Israel
HONORS
Rabbi Gaffney will brag openly about the accomplishments of his congregation,
but he has many award s to his credit.
• In 1976, elected Secretary of the Southeastern Region of the Rabbinical Assembly
by his colleagues. 1978, elected to serve as president, and the following year was
reelected to serve as president of the region.
• At the 1977 Biennial Convention of United Synagogues, Rabbi Gaffney presented
an outline describing the creative and significant ways in which the beliefs, values
and tradition of the Jewish people were highlighted through innovative worship and
ritual programs at the Center, and received for the Center, the prestigious Solomon
Schecter Award for Worship and Ritual.
• 1980 issue of “Who’s Who in American Jewry.”
• 1988, granted the honorary degree of Doctor of Divinity by the Jewish Theological
Seminary of America.
• 1989, appointed to the Board of Associates of the Center for Jewish Studies at the
University of Florida. He was asked to help plan the long range goals and suggest
ways to achieve these goals.
■ Sincere appreciation to Etta Drashin and Renee Gordon whose many
hours of work were invaluable to the success of this tribute.
