Special Events
Annual Center Raffle for Education
A Citarice Encounter in Casab Canea".... A Nig fit to Remember1
The Center’s 1998 $10,000 Raffle to benefit education was a glitzy evening of casino-style gambling and dancing.
With over $52,000 raised, we all came out winners, especially our kids!
The evening had something for everyone. Larry Smith and his staff from Special Events by Confettis transformed
the Center into a Moroccan fantasy. Who could doubt we were in Casablanca? Over 600 attendees gambled in the
elaborate casino at “Cafe Americain”, danced to the music of the University of North Florida Jazz Combo and dined on
a sumptuous buffet prepared by the Center’s Catering Department.
Mr. Edward McCiamma was the winner of the $10,000 grand prize. Runner up prizes were awarded to: Mr. and
Mrs. Harold Bloom, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Frisch, Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Goldring, Mr. Wayne Hogan, Mr. and Mrs.
Doron Nevo, Mr. Bob Oullette, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Price, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Robbins and the Rogozinski Orthopedic
Clinic/Center for Physical Therapy. Shirley Bielski won a $100.00 gift certificate to Dillards during a random drawing
of the ticket seller’s. Congratulations also goes to Jack Selevan, the winner of our ‘Early Bird Special,” a weekend at a
luxury condo at Sawgrass. Fifty other lucky winners were awarded exciting casino prizes.
Gayle Bailys and Kathy Osterer, co-chairs, were delighted with the overwhelming response to this major fund¬
raising effort. Sincerest appreciation goes to First Union Bank and Special Events by Confettis for their generous
underwriting that made the evening fabulous. Thank you Grand Patrons, Patrons and all of you who purchased tickets.
Your support helped us reach a most impressive goal.
The support, devotion and many hours of hard work of the entire raffle committee, ticket sellers, Center staff,
friends and family ensured the continuation of quality programs for the youth of our congregation. We are so thrilled
and grateful to all of you. Thank you so much!
— Gayle and Kathy
We acknowledge the generosity of the following
businesses for their runner-up prize donations:
Castle Doubletree Inn in Orlando
Chart House Restaurant
Embassy Suites Jacksonville
Far East Brokers and Consultants, Inc.
Football Fanatics
Fox Jewelry and Loan Company
Hecht Communications
Jacksonville Omni Hotel
Liberty Furniture
Kim Margol Robbins
Marons Furniture
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club
Marriott at Salisbury
Rhodes Furniture
Ritz Carlton at Amelia Island
West River
Top: Lori Schoettler and Ellen Rosner
enjoyed the results of their efforts.
Above: Excitement mounted for Allison
Bailys at the Blackjack table.
Left: President Evan Yegelwel with last
year’s Co-Chairs, Josh Whitman & Fred
Pozin, presenting this year’s Co-Chairs,
Gayle Bailys & Kathy Osterer with a gift
of appreciation.
Event Co-Chairman
Gayle Bailys
Kathy Osterer
Committee Chairpeople
Robin Allerding
Ava Axelrod
Carla Bernard
Sue Eaglstein
Ira Goldfield
Rhoda Goldstein
Lynn Maiman
Wendy Pozin
Kim Margol Robbins
Jeanine Rogozinski
Ellen Rosner
Lori Schoettler
June Shenkman
Steve Sherman
Robin Shorstein
Marlene Watkins
Elyse Whitman
Publicity Specialist
Raymond Cohen
