Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
Gamp Ramah Palmer and Ramah Darom
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is very fortunate to have a large representation
of youngsters participating in the Camp Ramah programs both in New England and
the new Ramah Darom in Georgia. Ramah, an arm of the Conservative Movement,
offers a wonderful summer opportunity for informal enrichment and meaningful
education.
Attending Camp Ramah Palmer in New England were: Rachel Gerber, Sara
Mizrahi, Aliza Morris, Melissa Osterer, Ashley Osterer, Rachel Rosner, Amy
Schuster, Rebecca Shorstein, Jonathan Tannen, Ashley Torres, Shayna Weiss
and Alex Whitman.
Attending Ramah Darom in Georgia were: Josh Appelbaum, Geri Bernard,
Ori Demri, Ben Finck, Ari Friedman, Cara Goldberg, Annie Levenson, Faye
Maiman, Lauren Margol, Dena Mizrahi, Lindsay Morris, Zach Morris, Lauren
Richter, Erin Rogozinski, Ben Rogozinski, Josh Rogozinski, Jessica Rogozinski,
Adam Rosner, David Selber, Jennifer Shorstein, Benjamin Shorstein, Benay
Shorstein and Mathew Shorstein.
Our thanks to the families and organizations which provide Ramah
Scholarships: Center Sisterhood, Abe Selber Trust Fund, Myra Thier Lazarus
Ramah Fund and Robert Gordon Scholarship Fund.
U.S.Y. on Wheels
This fine program gives teenagers
an opportunity to travel around the
United States seeing landmarks,
historical sites and National parks. In
addition they meet Jewish youth in the
cities in which they stay. This year Josh
Bernard, Aaron Finck, Jessica
Osterer, Jesse Rauchwager, Sara
Sekine, Drew Shenkman, Daniel
Shorstein and Esther Yegelwel joined
other U.S.Y.ers on Wheels.
USY Israel/Poland Pilgrimage and Ramah in Israel
This is a unique opportunity for young people ages 15 to 18 to visit Israel.
Based in Jerusalem each of our groups travels the country experiencing their Jewish
heritage. In addition to spending a delightful summer with their Israeli peers, our
“pilgrims” also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling companions from
the United States and Canada. An additional tour of Poland gives a deeper
understanding of the Holocaust. Center USYers who went on Pilgrimage were
Jonathon Cohen, Eli Fleet and Alyssa Rademan. Jeffrey Glassman attended
Ramah in Israel, and Shira Morris and Natalie Osterer went to Poland and Prague
as well as Ramah in Israel.
89
