Finally it’s Shabbat Morning
Rabbi Gaffney “qvels” as David
Goldberg reads from the Torah.
"IVken 9 jjiMi came tc [jaekdcm-
<mUc ad an addidiauf íhJsJñ
Qa^neif made a dfoeclal e^odt to-
Include me, and to- muitune me cud
a faeddcm, ad a ¡jew- and cud a
naUsl. Jle didn 't have te da that.
Jle did it becaude he id wtiat be Id
— a cAackum, InilUant, leanned
and nude, a, nicjAiteeud, pfcmd and
jjCUtkjfui, but jfMÍ and jj&iemodt, a
mendch, a dendltlae, ccuUncf and
ccmfKiddlanate human bemcf. "
—Rabbi Michael Matuson
Rabbi Gaffney is always an
eloquent speaker.
This morning he presides over services with a large congregation of
“regulars”, and an even larger shul because there’s a simcha. He explains the
Torah portion and then watches proudly as the Bar Mitzvah puts on his talit for
the first time. He always qvels from a beautiful Bar or Bar Mitzvah who participates
by reading from the Torah and chanting a flawless haftorah. For him it is one of
the perks of the job. After the service there’s a Kiddush Luncheon, and then he
participates in a Torah study group at the home of Eddie and Judy Mizrahi. By
then, it’s time to return to the Center for the mincha service, with it’s special
nusach to signal the end of the Shabbat. Before Maariv he partakes of the Shalosh
Seudot, and raises his voice in singing a variety of Hebrew and folk melodies.
There’s always an interesting gem of Torah imparted, followed by the Birchat
Hamazon.
“On Shabbat evening, at Shalosh Seudot, Rabbi Gaffney, myself, and everyone
else who attends, shares many wonderful times singing and laughing around the
table, and studying a “ ‘bissel” Torah with Rabbi. There is never a dull moment, and
every word is a pearl, never to be forgotten. I have learned so much from him about
Judaism, Jewish life, and life in general. The knowledge is priceless.
— Mathew Schmerer
Then it’s time for Maariv and the beautiful Havdalah service. That’s still not
the end of the day. When there’s a Bar Mitzvah party, Rabbi David Gaffney is
there ‘til the last Israeli dance. Finally, it’s time to go home at the conclusion of
his “day of rest.”
It’s Sunday ... IT STARTS ALL OVER AGAIN...
Glimpses of the Milestones and Accomplishments
of the past 25 Years
Twenty-five years ago the Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
announced the appointment of Rabbi David Gaffney as the spiritual leader of our
congregation. He arrived, along with his wife Inge and their two children, Asher and
Shalva, to begin a journey of inspiration and continuing accomplishments that would
propel our congregation to the forefront of the Conservative movement.
Just four years later, Rabbi Gaffney would help plan one of the most exciting
events in the history of the Jacksonville Jewish Center — the move from Third and
Silver, the home of the Center for nearly fifty years to Crown Point Road, the new home
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It was done with all the pomp and ceremony befitting
such an auspicious occasion. A caravan of cars left Third and Silver to escort the
Torah scrolls replete with all their trapping to be placed in the Ark in their new home.
Rabbi Gaffney, Center President Charles Mizrahi and Cantor Marton, each of them
holding a Torah scroll, led the procession from the deck of a flatbed truck
“As we look to the future, we also must learn from our past. We had a dream ...
it came into being because of the foresight of our synagogue leaders. With the complete
furnishing of our building, the dream will be completed. Our dream will once again
become a reality. —Rabbi Gaffney
Just as the leaders of our new synagogue planned for its growth and improvement,
so, too, Rabbi Gaffney planned for the spiritual and educational growth and improvement
of its congregants.
His devotion to all things Jewish is reflected the abundance and diversity of the
programs he has initiated.
The following is but an overview of the programs we now enjoy because of the
foresight of Rabbi Gaffney.
3c
