Impressions of Rabbi David Gaffney
on the occasion of his Silver Jubilee at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
by Raymond Cohen
How do you measure twenty-five years? Do you simply count the number of
years — 25 of them... the months— 300. Do you merely count the days — 4260.
Or, do you measure twenty-five years in the contributions, the accomplishments, the
deep concern, the inspiration, the impact Rabbi Gaffney has made on the lives of our
congregation. To paraphrase the words of the Ethics of the Fathers, it is measured in
his “love of Torah, divine service, and the practice of loving kindness between him
and his flock.”
Who is Rabbi Gaffney
The Rabbi is a person just like you. He puts his talit on, one shoulder at a time, but
that’s where the comparison ends. You might think all he does is deliver a sermon once
a week on Shabbat. Nothing could be further from the truth. Here is a typical week in the
life of Rabbi David Gaffney.
It’s Sunday — the week begins
The Rabbi has just returned home from the morning minyan followed by his Talmud
class and Beginner’s Judaism class, and is on his way out to play golf. Not likely. In fact,
more than likely, his phone is ringing. He answers it, and the person on the other end
sounds frantic and distraught. Someone close has passed away suddenly. Does the Rabbi
say “take two prayers and call me in the morning.”? No. He hangs up the phone and goes
directly to the home of the person who called, and expresses his condolences. He does
what he does so well, he comforts the family. He talks to them about the deceased. He
helps them understand their grief. He answers their questions, such as, how long the
shiva period lasts or what the mourning period is for a parent or a sibling.
“Today, on the eve of Debbie's yartzeit, I am determined to gather the strength to
properly convey our appreciation to you. Speaking of strength, I can't think of anyone
else (besides our dedicated doctors) who was always there at the right time to help us
carry our burden. From the moment we first learned of Debbie's illness, when you where
there at University Hospital, to your visit with us at Albert Einstein in New York, and
your appearance at out home, just after she took her last breath, your presence and
concern helped us carry on. " — Carole Katz
It’s still Sunday
After Rabbi Gaffney returns from the bereavement call, he is off to the cemetery
for an unveiling. After that he must prepare for an evening wedding. One life ends, but
there is a new beginning for a happy young couple.
“Throughout the many years I have known you, you've treated me like a special friend.
From the beautiful words you spoke at my wedding, to the beautiful, inspiring words you
wrote me in your kind letter, you have a knack for making me feel so terrific, and so lucky to
be the recipient of your encouragement and warmth." — Karen Baumgarten Sher
"Vkti, acheivement JflU
me uutk admFicdltm and
pude. ílalÁi Qafjfieif ha¿
taucfAt, counA^efed, led
and modi ¿mpmtantc^ all,
deputed ad the model oj a
devoted ¡jew* and carincy
human helncj,. "
— Ismar Schorsch
Chancellor
The Jewish Theological
Seminary of America
3
