Jde AíigM Jó JVot tDcvdi
They tell of Adam:
How frightened he must have been when
for the first time
he saw the sun disappear,
ending the light of day.
It was Adam’s first darkness!
How could he understand the night,
when he had never seen a dawn?
After the splendor of the sun,
how astonishingly dark the darkness was;
how desperate the long terror
of the first fall of night...
until Adam learned day would come again:
that there is order in the universe.
And he could begin to see
how much light remains in the sky at night:
the stars, and their enduring promise of the sun.
The returning star of day.
Adam learned
the night is never wholly dark;
and no night is endless...
even as each of us must leam it
in our own times of trouble and of darkness.
The light is never far.
Adam's story is our story:
Certainly, there is much that is
dark and wrong in the world today
and in ourselves:
meanness, anguish, brutality,
greed, frustration, despair.
Yet always there is also order
and goodness in the world and in ourselves:
love, courage, sacrifice, creativity,
growth, dedication, regeneration.
In the midst of chaos and change,
whatever may have been changed into evil
can be changed again into goodness,
whether it be a moment or an era.
There is always an order and a permanence
to which we can relate ourselves,
even as one may look up
to the permanence of the sky.
We have been given the power and responsibility
to live our life as if the scales
of what is right and wrong in the world
were exactly balanced,
and our actions change this balance.
To leam how to live this way is not easy.
The occasional impulse toward goodness
is not enough.
To meet the challenge of a fulfilled life,
we must train ourselves
to the habit of goodness,
to the continuing act of goodness...to mitzvot
at every moment of choice we have.
This power to train ourselves
is one of the greatest of all the powers of Man.
And there are many people -
in the present and of the past -
who can help us develop it.
We are not alone.
The decision is ours to make,
but the achievement is with others.
We are not alone,
and the light is never far.
“I would despair if
7 did not see the goodness
of the Lord in the land of the living ’ ” *
♦Psalm XXVII:13
AND TOE BUSH rUDTTI
WAS NOT MJ'K
CONSUMED
To all our friends, a year of peace and good health, and to children everywhere,
we pledge our efforts to improve the world.
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America
The Seminary is the academic and religious center of the worldwide movement of Conservative Judaism.
Believing that its message for the New Year 5759 is of compelling importance, we have arranged for its publication.
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
4
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
