Scouting
Daisy Troop 258
This past year, Daisy Troop 258 was the largest group of girls
the Jacksonville Jewish Center has hosted. These very special young
scouts learned how to sew, weave, cook and create some unique
projects for a group of five year olds.
Also, the troop participated with the Brownies in baking
hamantaschen and mishloach manot baskets for the residents of
Mt. Carmel, at Purim. A pool party was held at Epping Forest, to
wrap up a very busy year.
Among the valuable lessons learned through the Daisy program, learning the meaning of friendship and
doing mitzvot in the community were brought out through a variety of
activities.
This Daisy Troop will continue at the
Center under new leadership, as we will be
moving up to become Brownie leaders. We
know the Daisy scouts will continue with a
great program in the future
— Lynn Kluger and Beverly Eagerton
Brownie Troop 882
Brownie Troop 882 had a wonderful and fulfilling year. We earned
many new Try-its from each of the five worlds: the World of the Arts, the
World of the Out-of-Doors, the World of People, the World of Well-Being,
and the World of Today and Tomorrow. And that’s not all! We went on
field trips to River Garden, Pelotes Island, a variety of local businesses,
and Mt. Carmel. We also went on two special campouts this year. One
was in Seminole Springs, where we saw Indian tents and panned for gold.
The other was at our own Camp Chowenwaw. Both times gave us the opportunity to try out all the camping
skills we had been working on for months ahead of time.
Of course, we also participated in the annual Girl Scout cookie sale — and boy, did we sell cookies! After
a banner sale, the girls earned enough to take a fun trip to Adventure Landing’s water park. There was even
some money left over to donate to a charity. The third graders finished off the year with a special trip to
Savannah, the birthplace of Juliette Lowe, the founder of Girl Scouting. On the first day we camped at Skidaway
National Park. The second day was spent touring both of her homes and her burial site. This was a trip to
remember!
Shirley and Beth are both leaving Troop 882, admittedly with some
regrets. Shirley will be a co-leader of Junior Troop 5, and Beth is assuming
the presidency of the Center Sisterhood. We leave Brownie Troop 882 in
the able hands of Beverly Eagerton and Lynn Kluger. All girls in 1st
through 3rd grades are encouraged to join. You won’t regret it!
— Beth Shorstein and Shirley Jemigan
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
93
