Organizations
Center Men’s Club
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club provides an opportunity for our
Center men to work together supporting, sponsoring and participating in programs
that bring meaning to our youth, companionship to our elders, and involvement in
our community.
Through active membership in the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs, an
international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism, we distribute hundreds of yellow Holocaust Memorial
candles to our congregation’s families every Yom Hashoah. This year we will
present the Federation program “Hearing Men’s Voices,” a series of workshops
devoted to creating a forum for discussion and sharing of issues relating to being
a Jewish man in today’s world. Thought provoking topics in the areas of family, religion, society and health will be
covered.
The Men’s Club is committed to Center youth. We provide support and help with youth conventions and
activities. We present every Bar and Bat Mitzvah with the Shabbat Seder, a book published by the Federation of
Jewish Men’s Clubs, as well as presenting the Youth Leadership Award to outstanding Confirmation students each
Shavuot. This year, we were especially proud to introduce the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life) award program which
encourages and rewards post Bar/Bat Mitzvahs who continue reading Torah on Shabbat, holidays and at minyan.
Teens are rewarded for reading a minimum of 18 portions by age 18 with a beautiful, inscribed Torah pointer (yad).
This year four boys were recognized for this achievement: Seth Finck, Mark Frisch, David Organes and Jonathan
Tannen. Those interested in this program may contact Randall Smith for more information.
In our community, we bring companionship to elders with the River Garden Fishing Day, enhance support
programs with contributions to the Federation and JFCS , and volunteer each Christmas to allow our friends of
other faiths to celebrate their holiday with their families.
We are visible friends of our Center as well. Each year we sell and build sukkot for individual families, decorate the
congregation’s Goldman Sukkah, cook at the Lag B’Omer picnic, usher at Shabbat and
Holiday service, and participate in and
sponsor kiddushes on Men’s Club and
Armed Forces Shabbats We provide
several Sunday speaker brunches,
coffee tastings and how-to clinics. We
have won Torch Awards for
outstanding programs from the
Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs.
Happy sukkah customers.
The Men’s Club is also a great
way for friends to meet and have fun. Just join us every summer for
the infamous deep sea fishing trip or bring your family with us to a
Lizard Kings hockey game and a Jacksonville Suns baseball game.
All this and more is waiting you, if you are at least 21, male and a
member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Join us now.
— Dave
The best fishing trip yet!
1998-99 Men’s Club Officers
President
David Schmerer
Moti Demri
Ira Grann*
Bob Kent
Jeffery Morris
Ken Organes*
Jim Richman
Rabbi Arnold Stiebel
Scott Zimmerman
Vice President - Youth
George Rubens*
Secretary - Membership
Randall Smith*
Treasurer
Hank Kopp
Board Members
Israel Programs
FJMC Rep.
Catering Coordinator
Center Liaison
Historian
Community Service
Religious
Education
Board Members at Large
Leo Davis, Brad Jolson, Gary Kresel, Steve
Peretzman, Neil Sandler*, Dan Wilensky
* Past President
23
