Community Agencies
iewish Family & Community Services
3601 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32257-5582 • Phone 448-1933
Iris T. Young Executive Director
Jewish Family & Community Services is proud to meet the changing needs of the
Jewish community. In the past year alone, the agency has improved its ability to serve
the community by adding some exciting new initiatives to its diverse menu of programs.
Planned Lifetime Assistance Network
PLAN enables individuals to arrange for the future care of themselves or their loved
ones. Children of aging parents or relatives of disabled individuals can contract with
JFCS to ensure that the financial and social needs of these individuals are met throughout
the course of their lives.
Senior Transportation
JFCS still transports seniors to religious services, doctor appointments, shopping centers
and recreational activities for a very affordable fee. The Shalom Shuttle and Mitzvah
Mobile are air-conditioned, handicap-accessible buses operated by courteous,
professional drivers who provide door-to-door service.
Bus Rental
Now the community can rent the JFCS buses to shuttle guests to and from life cycle
events and family gatherings. Enjoy bar and bat mitzvahs, weddings and other special
occasions without the headache of coordinating rides for out-of-town guests.
Community Kosher Nutrition Program
For approximately 20 years, seniors in our community have enjoyed hot, well-balanced
kosher meals prepared by the CKNP In addition to serving nutritious and delicious
food at Mt. Carmel, the program provides a safe and friendly environment where diners
can socialize while they eat.
Catering Service
With so much experience preparing good food, JFCS now caters brunches, engagement
parties, bar and bat mitzvahs and other life cycle events. Just For You Catering Services
provides delicious food, tastefully presented, while observing dietary laws.
Adoption
JFCS continues to place babies into loving homes across the country. The agency is
licensed to place children in Florida, Connecticut and New York, three states that require
a license. Last year we found adoptive families for approximately 70 babies.
Counseling
JFCS provides quality mental health care by qualified professionals at reasonable rates.
Confidentiality is always guaranteed. The caring staff offers a wide range of services
for individuals, couples and families, including pre-marital counseling, divorce mediation,
custody home studies, grief counseling and family counseling just to name a few. Most
insurance plans are accepted.
Feed A Needy Neighbor
With donations of non-perishable food items from a concerned community, JFCS provides
emergency groceries to families and individuals experiencing difficult times. The agency
has never had to turn a hungry person away thanks to ongoing support, from the
community.
JFCS Officers 1998-99-
President Gary Wilkinson
First Vice President
Mark Shorstein
VP/Mental Health Director
Dr. Michael Solloway
Treasurer Michael Lissner
Vice President
Lawrence Ansbacher
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Debbi Carter
David Cohen
Nathan Goldman
Debbie Gottlieb
Dr. Ben Lewis
Richard Salkin
Stuart Herman
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904)733-6696
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens apart¬
ments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide comfortable
and pleasant surroundings. From the
initial concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens has
strived to create respectable living for
the elderly community, providing more
than housing. Mt. Carmel Gardens offers
a 17-story building on a beautifully
landscaped site, 24-hour staffing,
community facilities, and planned
programs, all of which were developed
as part of an over-all concept.. .a concept
of responding to the desires of retirees
for security, comfort, safety,
independence and the enrichment of
stimulating social-recreational activities
shared with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is conve¬
niently located, with transportation,
shopping, hospital and doctor’s offices
nearby.
Mt. Carmel Officers:
Jack Coleman, President
Brian Benwick, Vice President
Rose Tincher, Secretary
Dr. Ben Lewis, Treasurer
Louise Axelberg
Debbi Carter
Dr. Ronald Elinoff
MaryFoor
Peter Fryfield
Ardene Halpern
Gerald Levin
Jim O’Steen
Ruth Slutzah
David Thorny
George Thronton
Daniel Wilensky
193
