Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the
friendly volunteers who give of their
time to perform the mitzvah of
welcoming people to services with a
friendly “Shabbat Shalom”. Greeting is
a good way to introduce yourself to
people and make newcomers and
visitors feel welcome. We thank Martha
for her dedication to the Center and to
all of the people who volunteered to
greet over the past year. Anyone
interested in joining the Shabbat
Greeters, please call Martha .
High Holiday Preparation
Shabbat Ushers
Coordinated by the Men’s Club
Every Shabbat and holidays these
friendly volunteer members serve as
ambassadors to Center congregants,
helping with seating, guiding and
acknowledging newcomers, and
welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers
help to maintain synagogue decorum
which preserves the beauty of the service
for all of us. We thank all of our ushers
for their efforts throughout the year.
The Ushers: Stuart Appelbaum,
Sidney Backer, Brian Benwick,
Fred Blum, Ira Grann, Jeffery
Morris, Harris Rittenberg, George
Rubens, Leonard Saraga, Barry
Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Steve
Solomon, Randall Smith, Tom
Spriggs, Joshua Whitman, and
Scott Zimmerman.
Shabbat Torah Readers
Ted Gross, Coordinator
Psalm 91 has been called the
“Psalm of Afflictions.” The psalmist
lists every manner of affliction from
which God delivers those who trust in
Him. The last line is repeated to make
the number of lines equal to 17, the total
numerical value of the letters in the word
tov, good, (9 + 6 + 2).
Our society faces many
afflictions. Devotion to Torah and
participation in its regular readings will
help us to cope with these difficulties.
We are therefore thankful to the large
number of students who have chosen to
emphasize Torah Reading as an
essential aspect of the Bar/Bat Mitzvah
procedure.
We thank our highly-qualified on¬
going readers and those who joined
the team during the past year: This
year’s readers included:
Josh Appelbaum, Daniel Benrubi,
Dorian Bloom, Lauren Bloom,
Crista Cohen, Laney Cohen,
Jonathon Cohen, Meagan Cohen,
Michael Demri, Seth Finck, Eli
Fleet, Jared Fleet, Morrisa
Friedman, Adam Frisch, Mark
Frisch, Steven Frisch, Tiffany
Gartner, Rachel Gerber, Ellen
Goldstein, Alicia Goodfarb,
Jonathan Heller, Lance Helming,
Sam Horovitz, Deborah Meisel,
Sara Mizrahi, David Organes,
Rachel Organes, Daniel Passen, Lisa
Rand, Avi Richman, Ben Rogozinski,
Rachel Rogozinski, Josh Rubens,
Laurie Sandler, Mathew Schmerer,
Drew Shenkman, Jeffrey Shenkman,
Daniel Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein,
Dani Spriggs, Jonathan Spriggs,
Danielle Snyder, Max Talpalar,
Jonathan Tannen, Phil Watkins,
Shayna Weiss, Alex Whitman, Rachel
Wyzan, Jacob Zoske.
Preparing for the High Holidays is a major event that goes on for months
behind the scenes. Richard Ford and his maintenance staff are aided by hardworking
volunteers who as a team make the synagogue beautiful for us all. Some of those
invaluable volunteers were:
Gayle Bailys, Shirley Bielski, Stella Finck, Marilyn Garber, Edith
Horovitz and Sheree Spriggs for washing and ironing 300 taleisim for the
congregations use.
Ava Axelrod, Gayle Bailys, Shirley Bielski, Cindy Demri, Arthur
Goldstein, Joe & Wendy Honigman, David & Jason Schmerer and Israel
Tdrovskiy for the mammoth task of rearranging the Memorial Wall., a project that
took 16 hours to complete.
William Rose for checking the machzorim and preparing the sanctuary. He
replaced 900 regular Siddurim and Humashim with 1,688 machzorim and 1,761
supplemental books. This task was repeated again on Shabbat and then again on
Yom Kippur when 1200 Yizkor books were set out.
Kadima and Boy Scouts for placing all the books on the seats.
USY and Religious School students for polishing all the silver.
Beverly Geller, Margaret Gerber, Hilda Mazo, Kate Robbins and Betty
Rose for all their help in the office.
