Community Agencies
Jewish Community Alliance
8505 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone: (904) 730-2100 • Fax: (904) 730-2444
— Board of Directors —
Executive Committee
Irene Jaffa
President
Ira Goldfield
Vice President
Stephen Goldman
Vice President
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President
Pam Korn
Vice President
Randee Steinberg
Secretary
Sherwin Burman
Treasurer
Ken Jacobs
Assistant Secretary/Treasurer
David A. Stein
Lois Chepenik
Bruce Warschoff
Mark Green
Howard L Korman
Past Board Presidents
Over the past 10 years, we have continued to grow and change, to strengthen
our Jewish commitment and Jewish involvement. We have made significant
improvements to our building, equipment, programs, services and staff. We have
created a “hamisha” neighborhood, serving people of all ages — from 6 week old
babies to senior adults.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life,
culture, and community, (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish
community, (3) enhance the quality of life for all segments of the community, and (4)
strengthen family life. The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of
high quality programs for people of all ages including: child care and family programs;
fitness and recreational facilities and activities; Jewish education, culture and arts
programs; and by providing a place for family, “neighborhood,” and community
gatherings.
It is with great pride that we are able to work with the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and other Jacksonville synagogues and agencies in conducting special
educational programs and holiday celebrations. The JCA serves the Jewish community
by the free use of JCA facilities for all synagogues, the Federation, and other Jewish
organizations.
We have made changes and are continuing to make changes to better serve the
Jewish community and enhance the quality of life. A sliding fee scale is available to make
membership affordable to all. The doors are always open in our neighborhood - please
come in and join our JCA family - Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
“Honor thy Father and thy Mother” — this is the ongoing commitment
of the River Garden Auxiliary since it’s beginning in 1922 as the Ladies
Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society. Together with a combination of love,
dedication and hard work, our goal is to help enhance the lives of the residents
of River Garden Hebrew Home.
In order to accomplish our goal, we need the help of each and every
member of the Auxiliary. We also need many new members, not only to
support us financially, but also to find more willing hands to come and share
some of their time with the residents. More and more, younger generations
have come to realize that in our elders we have a precious and useful asset.
Our aim is to make their lives a good deal richer and happier, and in return to
receive the rewards of caring. Our “Helping Hands” make a real difference.
— Gayle D. Bailys, Auxiliary President
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers
President:
V.P. Fundraising:
V.P. Membership:
V.P. Service Coordinator:
Treasurer:
Financial Secretaries:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary
Gayle Bailys
Charlotte Jacobs
Vivian Kaplan
Andrea Raitt
Evelyn Meisel
Mary Selber
Sandi Roth
Rose Thckerman
Irma Sandler
190
