Scouting
Junior Girl Scout Troop 5 Cadette Girl Scout Troop 969
Junior Troop 5 expanded to 32 girls this year as the
message got out — Girl Scouting is great!
The troop’s first goal for the year was to earn the “Sign
of the World” which included exploring our community. We
toured the south bank of the river walk, learned about the folk
history of Treaty Oak, watched the Dietary and Sports
Medicine depts. in action and saw how our hearts and lungs
function at the Heart and Lung Gallery at St. Vincent’s Medical
Center, toured Friendship Park, learned about manatees at
MOSH, saw robotics in production at Sally Industries, sat in
on a city council meeting and shared our knowledge with
younger troops.
Our second goal, to earn the “Sign of the Sun” included
fitness and outdoor cooking. We cooked pancakes on camp
stoves at Blue Spring State Park while visiting manatees,
grilled hotdogs on stick at the Gazebo, baked pinwheels in
box ovens and loved the pudding in bags at Camp Kateri. Our
5th and 6th graders at Kateri participated in Aquatics weekend
and learned to sail or wind surf.
To give back to the community we helped replenish the
food cupboard at JFCS, brought baby items to Emergency
Pregnancy Services, cleaned like magic and baked brownies
for families at Ronald McDonald House and held several
events for Brownie and Daisy girl scouts a Travel Conference,
Bicycle Safety Poster Contest, and Fitness is Fun Olympics.
The Cadette Girls Scouts had a great second year at the
Center. They braved the cold winter during a backpacking
trip to Providence Canyon State Park in Georgia, where they
earned their Geology interest patch, camped, cooked outdoors
and made new friendships with other girls from the Gateway
Council Cadette and Senior troops. They also completed, as a
troop, the Conflict Resolution interest patch. The highlight
was the mock court held by the girls with the able assistance
of Jeffery Morris. This may become an annual event if Jeff
is willing!
As another step toward the Silver Award — the second
highest given in Girls Scouting — the troop earned the Cadet
Challenge, an in-depth look at values, community spirit and
relationships. Two Caddettes will complete their Silver Award
this fall, and bridge to the next level, Senior Girls Scouts. The
entire troop will then be a Cadette-Senior troop, as we continue
to build interest at these age levels. We are also excited to
welcome in nine 7th graders from Junior Troop 5!
Many thanks to Robin Morris for her perseverance in
working with the girls on the Menorah Award, the religion
award for Jewish Cadets. We all had fun through the process
with Robin’s support. Thanks again to the Cookie Mom, Cathy
Cohen, for her organization and record-keeping throughout
the cookie sale, and to those who supported the troop with
their purchases.
Three of our 6th graders interviewed and were selected
for Gateway Council’s 6th grade event based on historic St.
Augustine in the 1740’s. Robyn Blum, Emma Lipsky and
Debbie Shacter helped sew and embroider authentic outfits
and camped and served as tour guides in the historic district.
They taught tourists and other Girl Scouts how meals were
prepared outdoors in iron pots over open fires, how candies
were dipped, baskets were woven, games were played,
metalwork was done and more. This is considered a “wider
opportunity” that prepares girls for broader adventures in Girl
Scouting nationally and internationally! We are proud of all
nine sixth graders who bridged up to Cadettes, the next age
level in Girl Scouting.
Thanks to Helen Shacter, who again served as Cookie
Mom, and Shirley Jernigan, always there when needed. Helen
and Shirley will co-lead Troop 5 in 1998-99. Thanks also to
Jill Tager, Badge Mom for keeping our records straight, and
to all the parents for their wonderful support of their daughters
and Troop 5!
For information on the Cadette-Senior levels of Girl
Scouting at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, contact co-leaders
Karen Southall, 292-0843, or Jan Lipsky, 268-7225.
A weekend of backpacking and camping for Cadette Troop 969 at
Providence State, GA, in February 1998.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
95
