ADULT EDUCATION
Early in the 1970s, the Adult Study Committee was formed under the guidance of
Rabbi Gaffney to present a variety of programs of special interest to the members of
tiie congregation. It has been expanded and refined over the years and now boasts a
large curriculum of adult studies taught by professionals and knowledgeable laity, a
lecture series that features prominent national and international speakers, an annual
scholar-in-residence weekend, as well as award-winning programs that focus on single
themes or target specific groups.
• SHABBATON
One of the most comprehensive programs developed by Rabbi Gaffney and the Adult
Study Committee was the Shabbaton. It is a weekend designed to totally immerse the
congregation in Jewish thought, stimulated by a highly acclaimed lecturer or
professional educator. Over the years there have been a host of wonderful speakers,
such as, Rabbi Joseph Teluskin, Dennis Prager, Rabbi Joel Roth, Professor Dr. Deborah
Lipstadt, Rabbi David Wolpe, Dr. Irving Greenberg, and storyteller Penina Schram, to
name a few. The newly established Marilyn & Louis Safer Shabbaton Fund perpetually
underwrites this program, assuring that Shabbatons will continue, year after year in
ever increasing popularity.
• SETZER-LEVIT MEMORIAL LECTURE
The Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture Series has endeavored to raise the consciousness
of the Jewish community by bringing the highest caliber speakers for a single lecture
on important Jewish concerns. Beginning in 1985 with noted author, scholar and lecturer
Rabbi Harold Schulweis, Rabbi Gaffney has been responsible for attracting such fine
speakers as Wolf Blitzer, Senator Joseph Lieberman, Rabbi Avi Weiss, Congressman
Stephen Solarz and Malcolm Hoenlein.
• SISTERHOOD BAT MITZVAH CLASS
These classes were designed and taught by Rabbi Gaffney to offer to adults, regardless
of whether or not they had already celebrated a Bat Mitzvah, a basic Jewish education
covering holidays, the prayer book, Shabbat, kashrut, life cycle events history and
Jewish philosophy.. The culmination of this two year program is an inspiring ceremony
in which the students participate in services throughout Shabbat services, leading
prayers, reading Torah, chanting haftorah and have given sermons. The first class
celebrated their simcha in 1979. Since then 150 women have become Bat Mitzvah, and
the program has expanded to include men.
“For me, growing up in New York, Judaism was more of a group identification,
not a religion you practiced. As a student in one of the Sisterhood's Adult B’nai
Mitzvah classes, Rabbi Gaffney gave me the formal education I never had as a child.
I also enjoyed the class because I got to know the Rabbi on a different level. Rabbi
Gaffney is a wonderful teacher— Bonnie Sandler
• SISTERHOOD SEMINARS
Another program that has stood the test of time is the Sisterhood Seminar. Beginning
in 1979, Rabbi Gaffney met one morning a month, in an informal setting to study topics
of particular interest to women. Last year, “Women in the Bible” promoted lively and
interesting discussions.
"I have always enjoyed the camaraderie of the Sisterhood Seminars, and I appreciate
Rabbi Gaffney giving us his time and sharing his knowledge with us. ” — Joan Waitz
• NEW AMERICAN B’NAI MITZVAH:
The Center Men’s Club introduced this program of intensive Jewish education, with
curriculum outlined by Rabbi Gaffney, and taught by lay leaders of our congregation.
It was a rewarding experience for both students and teachers and earned the Golden
Torch Award, the highest honor given to programs by the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs.
“He [Rabbi Gaffney] made a great impact on our lives. He turned complete
atheists, which we were when we came to America, into real Jews. He has always
been there for us: first by teaching us for the B’nai Mitzvah, and then by making my
daughter Vicky’s Bat Mitzvah very special, and my other daughter Galina’s wedding
outstanding! ” — Svetlana Goldiner
Rabbi Gaffney and Rabbi Moshe
Tutnauer unwind after Shabbaton.
Rabbi and Mrs. Gaffney with
Setzer-Levit speaker, Rabbi Avi Weiss.
Kibbitzing at a Sisterhood Seminar.
1996 Adult B’nai Mitzvah Class
3d
