Recreation
Center Day Camp — The Place to Be!
Center Day Camp programs were hopping this summer! In addition to the regular
fun camp activities like swimming, arts and crafts, and Judaica, our campers watched a
Jaguar practice and were able to get autographs. They went bowling; played laser tag and
putt-putt golf; went to Wet ‘N Wild; and to a movie. Officer Friendly visited. Campers
had a great time on the “moonwalk” and ate at Semolina’s, where they made pasta. They
had a carnival with fun booths; went tubin’ down the Itchitucknee; and spent some great
nights at “lock-ins.”
Our Preschool campers did fun activities with cats, rabbits, bears, dinosaurs and
forest animals. Another fun theme was planes, trains and automobiles. There were mornings
filled with cooking, reading, singing and pretending.
Speciality Camps were a hit with everyone.
Cheerleading Campers not only cheered, jumped and
danced, but made great outfits to wear, as well. They
are ready for the “roar!”
Drama Campers focused on Disney. They were
“on stage” for five entertaining “productions” from
Aladdin, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Mary
Poppins, and Lion King. Their costumes were hand
made by Gayle Bailys.
Golf Campers visited the World Golf Village
in St. Augustine and played nine holes at Palm Valley.
PGA here we come!
Basketball and Baseball Camps were loads of fun with days spent playing ball,
sharpening skills and making friends.
Mitzvah Campers spent two days at Angel Aid, where they helped make “bottles of
love” to be sold as one of their fundraisers. These bottles contained recycled and shredded
birthday and anniversary cards. “Angel escapes,” sand and seashells in clear plastic balls,
were made for sick children to look at just prior to surgery. Campers also went on a kosher
food hunt, and collected food for FANN.
In Arts and Crafts Camp, they made
some outstanding items, including edible ones. They dipped pretzels in chocolate
and drizzled chocolate on popcorn. They also made beaded gecko and bug key
chains, a fimo shabbat set and hot plates using mosaic tiles.
Sports campers did anything with a ball and had a ball doing it! Their
activities included baseball, basketball, flag football, hockey and bombardment.
Our camp counselors were outstanding, our CITS were great, and our campers
were the best! Thank you Gayle Bailys, Ellen Balotin, Carol Goldberg, Manya
Osher, Edith Horovitz, Sharon Seebol, Shirley Jernigan, Hana Bendit and the
great pool staff.
CoAttel® Ilf
36 FLAVORS - ‘60 VARIETIES • •
Ron McKean Mandarin Plaza
Owner 9825-42 San Jose Boulevard
268-6354 Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Quality Theatre For Young Audiences
Super Sunday Series
Secret Garden — January 17,1999
Tom Chapin in Concert — February 28,1999
Ramona Quimby — March 14,1999
Florida Theatre — 2 p.m.
Call Theatreworks for Special Savings on Series Tickets
904-353-3500
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
101
