Committees
Adult Education
Expanding one’s knowledge in Judaism is more
important than almost any other of the 613 commandments.
To answer the diverse educational needs of our congregation,
the Adult Education Committee coordinated an ambitious
program with a wide variety of courses and speakers
throughout the year. Hebrew literacy, Talmud, synagogue and
holiday workshops, Family University, Firing Line and other
discussion groups formed the basis of a comprehensive, on¬
going curriculum. The Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture,
Shabbaton and community-based engagements brought
prominent speakers of national and international acclaim.
Exciting plans to enrich your spiritual life in the coming year
are underway.
The Adult Education Committee, with Professor Shalom Paul.
Our lecture calendar began at Selichot with Washington Post diplomatic reporter, Michael
Dobbs, who had just broken the story to the world of Secretary of State Madeleine Albright’s
Jewish roots and her tragic family history. Mr. Dobbs shared his experiences in the company
of Mrs. Albright while visiting Czechoslovakia.
Shabbaton Weekend, underwritten by the Marilyn and Louis
—¿ÉlP^Jji Safer Shabbaton Fund, featured the entertaining and popular
JÜ speaker, Professor Shalom Paul, chairman of the Bible department
Michael Dobbs at Hebrew University. Regarded as one of the most noted scholars in
the world today, Professor Paul brought the Creation to life with all
the animation, drama and humor of a theatrical performance. The congregation was
educated and uplifted throughout this most enjoyable weekend.
Stuart Schoffman, Associate Editor and cultural Professor Shalom Paul
columnist of the international bi-weekly magazine, The
Jerusalem Report, addressed the issues of “Israel at 50” in two sessions presented by
the Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture. Mr. Schoffman provided glimpses of the promises
and challenges that face Israel, from an insider’s perspective.
Several times throughout the year, the Firing Line
program provides forums for exploring contemporary Jewish
Stuart Scoffman issues using current periodicals as motivators for discussion.
One session, however, featured a speaker, Dr. Ralph
Lowenstein, Dean Emeritus of College of Jerusalem at the University of Florida. He
discussed the military role Americans played in the war for Israeli independence and
the ramifications of this involvement 50 years later.
During Seminary Shabbat, Eytan Hammerman, a student at the Jewish Dr. Ralph Lowenstein
Theological Seminary, gave us his reflections on the preparation he is receiving as a
future leader in the Conservative Movement. Family University, directed by Pam Maman, offered parents
and students of the Solomon Schechter Day School a unique opportunity to attend classes chosen from a wide
range of topics taught by knowlegeable members of our community.
