Hi mill mu HI HI mill uni mini
0iiiiiNiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiniig¡iiiiíiiímmiimii!iiiimii¡iiiimiiiiiiiEiiiini mmiiiinimniniiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiinimiiiiiimiiiliiiliiniiQ
lectures, and mass meetings. There are eight class rooms for the Talmud i
Torah and Sunday School and meeting rooms for lodges, societies, and clubs. =
A Bet Hamidrash has been provided for daily prayer and study, and social =
and game rooms for those who wish to while away a leisure hour in pleasant E
surroundings. A second unit to house the physical and atheletic facilities is
contemplated. e
By these means the Jacksonville Jewish Center will be enabled not only =
to conserve the noble ideals and traditions of Judaism but to play an inn e
portant part in the propagation and development of the highest principles of E
Americanism E
The influence of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is already making itself \
felt in the community. Never before have such large congregations attended \
Jewish services as now crowd the Center synagogue. The enrollment in the E
Hebrew and Sunday School has markedly increased. Social affairs already held E
in the Center auditorium have proven pronounced successes. It was the in- E
spiration of the Jacksonville Jewish Center which has brought the Southern =
Interstate Young Juáaea Oratorical Contest and the coming convention of this
organisation to Jacksonville. - =
The Jacksonville Jewish Center spells a healthy life, fame, and honor for É
the Jewish community of this city. No one can possibly be oppossed to the
realisation of this program. A united community actively supporting this
institution will make possible for the Jacksonville Jewish Center to realise its E
ideal of being not only a structure of bricks and stones but a building with a =
soul portraying the beauty of Jewish life, enhancing the glory of America, safe- I
guarding the spiritual welfare of young and old, and ever functioning in the
service of God and Man. =
AARON I. EDGAR
Mr. Aaron I. Edgar, Lyric Tenor, is the cantor of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. He is in charge of all musical activities of the institution and is a
member of the Talmud Torah Staff.
