* BS

eae Sao rr
(35 ee eee en hg ee ae ee Oe ee Se I Te ee ee Ne Oe ee ee ee

 

 

 

 

 

JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
PHONE 3-061

Rev. Joseph Robin, Sexton
PHONE 3-061!

SILVER and WEST THIRD STS.

Morris D. Margolis, Rabbi
2047 BOULEVARD PHONE 5-0297

1423 SILVER STREET

 

THE CENTER SYNAGOGUE

The Jacksonville Jewish Center was built in 1927
under the leadership of Rabbi Samuel Benjamin, and
Mr. Harry Finkelstein, its first president. The building
contains three parts; the main entrance leads into the
auditorium; from a vestibule in front of the auditorium

stairs lead to the: Center synagogue, which is above the

auditorium. In the rear, is a three story building contain-
ing class rooms, meeting rocms, a prayer room, the Rabbi's
study and a library. Last year the whole building was
completely redecorated.

The auditorium has a well equipped stage for con-
certs and plays with two sets of scenery. On one side
an opening leads into a well fitted out kitchen, and on
the other side, a door leads into the Center office. Re-
productions of biblical paintings decorate the walls, and
rust colored damask drapes adorn the large windows. The
auditorium is equipped with several hundred comfortable
heavy chairs, and possesses a fine dance floor.

The main synagogue has large windows of frosted
panes. One pane on each window is of stained glass and
contains an inscription of the donor. The platform, pul-

 

 

pit and Ark are made of dark walnut with gold decor-
ations. The synagogue is provided with five hundred in-
dividual cushioned seats made of light walnut. In the
rear of the synagogue a balcony also contains 154 com
fortable seats. The flcors are covered with a heavy coat
of bakelite varnish, and theaisles are carpeted.

The classrooms are well equipped with modern indi-
vidual desks, black-boards, and all are well ventilated.

Services are conducted daily morning and evening
in the prayer room. On the High Holydays an overflow
service is held in the auditorium, where men and women
are separated according to orthodox requirements. In the
main synagcgue, services are of the conservative type.
The traditional paryer book is used, the Hebrew being
supplemented by English prayers, and congregational sing-
ing. Sermons are delivered by the rabbi in Engish. Mixed

pews are permitted.

The Jacksonville Jewish Center is affiliated with
the United Synagogue of America, and generally calls its
spiritual leaders from among the graduates of The Jewish
Theological Seminary of America.

 

Reprinted From 1936-1937 Year Book
