President <2 (oe ie ree ae Mrs. L. J. Roobin (Joanne)
V.P. Administration .............. Mrs. Bernard Nachman (Ryth)
V. P. Community Service .............. Mrs. Robert Nied (Thelma)
VP. Public Affairs: 0 Mrs. Alan Honig (Nancy)
V. P. Membership .................... Mrs. Norman Freedman (Carol)
VoP. Program is as Mrs. Simon Rothstein (Lauren)
Recording Secretary ...........2.2.2.2:2000---- Mrs. Irving Levin (Mary)
Corresponding Secretary ............ Mrs. Mitchell Trager (Bette)
Financial Secretary ...........2.2:20200--+- Mrs. Harvey Schlesinger
TVCQSURE) a ee Mrs. Albert Kofka (Sara)

National Council of Jewish Women is an organization
which in the spirit of Judaism, is dedicated to furthering
human welfare in the Jewish and general community,
locally, nationally, and internationally. Through an
integrated program of education, service, and social action,
it provides essential services and stimulates and educates
the individual and the community toward their
responsibilities in advancing human welfare and the
democratic way of life.

 

Mock Wedding Cast: Sheila Jacobson, Rebbetzen: Laurie
Dubow, Rebbe; Elaine Rosenthal, Bubbele; Leo
Moskowitz, Cantor; Ruth Moskowitz, Bride; Tim Riley,
Groom.

 

Our community service projects include such varied
activities as the ones listed below, in addition to our national
and international projects such as the Council Research
Center in Israel: Mental Health forum presented each year
in conjunction with the Mental Health Association, Pre-
school Vision Testing for the prevention of Blindness,
Service to the Foreign born, supervising the making of
layettes and pre-school dresses by the residents of River
Garden for the distribution to the needy, our newest project -
“the Art Enrichment Program,” sends volunteers into the
Duval County School System and the N.C.J.W. is proud to
sponsor a conference on the “Pursuit of Liberty” to be held
in February.

 

Ladies from Sisterhood displaying the attractive
selections from the Gift Shop.

261
