LOA Jacksonulle District

President 2. ee Joseph Honigman, M.D.
Vice President for Operations ....................... Joel Bressler
Vice President for Public Relations. .................... Jerry Zel
Vice President for Programing. ....... Milton Mann, M.D.
Vice President for Membership .............. Irvin Rothstein
Secretary- Treagsurer 20 Ann Shmunes
Chairman of the Board of Directors .............. Alan Taffet
Board of Directors: eo
Hyman Selber Phillip Bork
Abraham Marton Lillian Meizlik
Jack Becker Isadore Moscovitz
Stanley Greenfield Emanuel Ehrlich
Eugene Henry Max Becker
David Goodman Jay Graff
Sol Janow Meyer Cohen
Jack Selevan Melvin Friedlin
James Jaffa Leonard Selber
Minnie Schreiber Larry Hecht
Dennis Katz Laurie Benwick

This year, on the 4th of July, adrama was flashed
before the eyes of the world. Hostages being held by
terrorists who hijacked an aircraft were held captive
ata Ugandan airport. As the world stood by awaiting
their certain death at the hands of these hoodlums,
word was heard which was incredible ... Israeli forces
had flown to their rescue and freed the hostages. Who
were the hostages? Were they Zionists? Were they
racists? Were they Israelis? How were they selected to
be hostages from the French Aircraft by the
hijackers? Their common bond was the fact that they
were JEWS or even thought to be Jewish because of
the sound of their names. Anti-Zionism is just the
newest means of expressing anti-Semitism. If you
believe in a homeland for the Jewish People. If you
believe that this homeland is Israel. You too are a
Zionist.

 

The Zionist Organization of America, parent
body of American Zionists, has since its founding in
1897, been a moving spirit toward the establishment
and maintenance of a free, secure and independent
State of Israel. To be a Zionist is to be committed to
Israel and the future of the Jewish People. Such a Jew
is committed to both speaking out and acting in
support of Israel. This year, the “obscene” resolution
of the United Nations which has sought to equate
Zionism with racism, points out that ALL Jews must
act together decisively to ensure that the world will
not be deceived by the vilification of Israel and the
Jewish people.

Join us in a united front presenting to the world
the fact of Zionism as a tangible expression of Jewish
yearning and determination to establish and
maintain a Jewish homeland in Israel. Commit
yourself to the preservation of Jewish identity and
dignity wherever Jews live. Join with hundreds of
other Jacksonville Jews as a member of the Zionist
Organization of America. Any officer of the
Jacksonville District ZOA will provide you with
membership information.

IN MEMORY OF MY BELOVED HUSBAND

LEO MEIZLIK

OF BLESSED MEMORY

JUNE 26, 1976

An ardent Zionist, president and life member of the

Zionist Organization of America, treasurer of Men’s ORT,
member of B’nai B’rith, Jacksonville Jewish Center library

staff, Religious Committee, Jewish Community Council,
United Jewish Appeal Committee, Duval County Teachers
Association, Retired Teachers Association, Progressive
Credit Union, and teacher of history and languages in
Andrew Jackson High School for over 28 years.

Educated in the Talmudic Academy, the Isaac
Elchanan Theological Siminary, the Yeshiva College, the
City College of New York, and Pittsburgh University.

 

251
