President’s Message

 

Sheldon Gone

As I write a message this year, I am very much
concerned with the kind of message I can write next year. It
may sound trite, but it is very true that this year the
Jacksonville Jewish Center faces great opportunities and
great challenges.

We have moved into our new home. Although the
furnishings and landscaping are incomplete, the location,
beauty, and scope of the facilities have created an
atmosphere of enthusiasm. A building does not create an
institution. It provides a home and a tool for bringing people
together. We must now create and promote religious,
educational, cultural, and social programs that take full
advantage of our magnificent facilities.

We have made a new commitment to Jewish
education. We have engaged a new Educatio':al Director

_and have charged him to improve our successful Solomon

Schechter Day School. High standards of secular and
Jewish studies will be made higher and will be further
integrated. He has been charged to begin revitalization of
our afternoon Hebrew School, our Hebrew High School,
and our Shabbat Morning program. We believe that our
commitment to Jewish education is the cornerstone of our
children’s commitment to Judaism.

What are the challenges?

Primarily there are financial problems. We have failed
to finance our debt for the new building. Even as I write this,
a last major campaign is underway to bring our debt
into manageable proportions. This problem cannot be
further deferred. The campaign is with truth being called
“Ein Brewa’ - “There Is No Choice.’

We must finance our operating budget. The new
building, the increased activities, and the inexorability of
inflation have taken us into an unliveable deficit position. If
we are to be successful, we must finance building
maintenance, vital services, and valid programs. We can try
to avoid waste, but we must raise income. We could not
solve our problem by cutting spending without destroying
the very programs and services that justify our being.

The answers to the opportunities and the challenges
both lie with you the membership. Now is the time to break
out of apathy. Now is when we need your support. We need
your financial help to make operations possible. We need
your presence and participation to give meaning to the
programs we try to create. Last year we completed building
a “building”. This year we can continue building a vibrant
and active institution with a membership that continues to
grow in numbers, enthusiasm, and satisfaction.

a ee

 

cs
ca

Charles J. Mizrahi, Chairman of the Board, congratulates Sheldon
Gendzier on his election as President of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center.

 

Irving Herman, campaign consultant, and Bob Gast, Executive
Director, review plans for the “Ain Breira Campaign.”

65
