MESSAGE FROM THE RABBI

Dear Friends:

One of the effects which the High Holidays have on the
mind of the Jew is an acute awareness of the passing of time.
We look back and comment upon how quickly the old year
has sped by and we contemplate with some concern the year
which lies ahead. In our prayers we ask to be inscribed in the
Book of Life. I pray that the New Year brings health,
happiness and peace to us and to all of mankind.

Weare brought together as acommunity by the primary
institution of Jewish life and affiliation. Each of us may be
drawn to the Jewish enterprise by different chords which play
on our life. For some it is a fond memory of the past. For
others, it is the desire to secure a Jewish future for our
children. Others are moved by noble sentiment of
community and philanthropic service and others respond to
the Jewish core within themselves, when they feel threatened
by those they see as the enemies of their people. Whatever
the impulse, experience has shown that without a Center, the
touchstone of Jewish life which is the synagogue, all of the
activities of Jewish life are doomed to failure. The synagogue is the source, the rich earth which provides the nutrients with which
the roots and branches are dead; the heart which pumps the life sustaining fluid to the necessary but tangential limbs which make
up Jewish life.

 

We come to the synagogue to probe our weakness and strength, to consider the gap between what we practice and what we
profess. We come to the synagogue to quiet the turbulence of our heart; to engage in self renewal and regeneration of our
sensitivities and values and to remain conscious of the source of all being which we call God. We are each enriched by our
affiliation to the core of our collective life, the synagogue, and impoverished in its neglect.

We have taken the bold and decisive step. We are in our impressively beautiful new building and we have seen the
burgeoning impact it has made on our programs, activities and religious services. Our new Jewish Center is an extraordinary
edifice; it houses our Torah, gives witness to our prayers, and will serve as a center in which we and our children will be guided
and instructed in Jewish life and fellowship. We are, it should be added, also in the midst of a campaign to raise the material and
tangible needs to help make this new facility possible. To quote a lesson from the Ethics of the Fathers: “. . . im ayn kemach,
ayn Torah,” which loosely translated means, unless we have the material wherewithal, it will be impossible to sustain a place of
- Torah. We have every hope that our membership will react to our needs.

On the New Year I also pray that we may be inspired to provide the structure with a soul. May we nurture the vision and
dream of Jacob; the vision of an earth joined to Heaven, ofa society distinguished by the quality of compassion and humanity, of
a people true to themselves and their God.

With every best wish to our members and friends from Inge, Asher, Shalva and myself for a year of blessing, health, joy,
fulfillment and peace. AMEN

Rabbi David Gaffney

 

31
