PROSIOCH os ee I Pe ee Arnold Vandroff
WiCe FP TESIGeNL 2 ee Rabbi Howard R. Greenstein
Vice-President: 6 eee ee Milton Hecht
Vice-President &

Women’s Division Chairman ......... Mrs. Michael Kersun
Vice-President & Campaign Chairman ........ Michael Kersun
Vice-President 3) ss a Joe P. Safer
URCO SUE a i ee ee M.S. Dunay
SCCnClGTy ee ee Dr. Ronald Elinoff
HONORARY PRESIDENTS

Jack Becker Joel Goldman
Alexander Brest Morton Hirschberg
Jack Coleman Leon Irgang
Edgar M. Felson George Richter

Ben Friedman Al L. Schneider

Harry Gendzier

The Jacksonville Jewish Community Council is a
viable, unifying force that encompasses the entire Jewish
community. Its structure reaches out to every Jewish
organization in this city and brings them together in a
policy-making group to help and aid the Jewish people in
our community, in our nation and in Israel.

The Jewish Community Council was founded in the mid
1930’s. The original aim of the Council was a means of
consolidating independent fund-raising efforts by many
outside agencies. It has grown and flourished into a
dedicated group of men and women who have as their goal
the broadening of Jewish life in many areas. Thisis obvious
by the far-reaching aspects of its committees.

In the area of fund-raising, the annual Combined
Campaign has excelled in providing funds for the United
Jewish Appeal and local and national agencies.

Our Community Relations Committee has brought
together the Jewish and general communities through the
efforts of an active Speaker’s Bureau and significant
mailings of pertinent materials to both the Jewish and
general communities. We maintain ongoing contact with
our elected political officials locally and nationally on
matters vital to the Jewish community at large.

The Adult Education Series, sponsored by the Council
and our four synagogues is now in its second successful
year.

Through the Community Programming Committee,
programs are planned for Israel Independence Day as well
as for other events during the year.

BILL AMOS
FROZEN FOOD DISTRIBUTOR

1814 Industrial Blvd. Phone 786-1711
Jacksonville, Florida 32205

 

 

Arnold Vandroff

The 1976-77 Spotlight Series will feature five prominent
artists in the fields of Jewish culture and the arts. This
program has been very widely received by the community.

A Young Leadership Division has educational meetings
and encourages future development and leadership in the
community.

An active year-round Women’s Division has been a vital
area of the Council’s program, featuring education as well
as a successful fund-raising Campaign. In an effort to make
our community more cohesive, a Council of Presidents has
been formed where the Presidents of all our Jewish women’s
organizations can come together and develop ideas to make
our community a more workable one and most of all, a better
one. A Shalom Committee has been organized to meet and
greet newcomers to Jacksonville.

The Council also keeps a calendar for the Jewish
community for all organizations, which helps to avoid
conflict of activities.

Last, but not least, the aim and goal of the Council is to
extend the horizon of Jewish identity and to intensify a
desire for Jewish education to a more significant depth ona
community wide basis. We endeavor to _ eliminate
duplication, fragmentation and its consequences. A united
effort in this particular field benefits all segments of the
community.

WE ARE ONE

Compliments of
AMERICAN DISTRIBUTORS

P. O. Box 2697

1087 Haines Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32203

241
