OFFICERS
B’NAI B’RITH A. B. WEIL LODGE No. 800
President: 05 5 ee Milton Hecht
Vice President 2 2 Stuart I. Hecht
Vice President. = 3. ee Joseph P. Safer
Membership Chairman __. Hyman Selber
Secretary 223 Neil Sandler
Treasurer: ee ee Ronald 8S. Cohen

The Officers and Operating Committee Chairmen
of this Lodge send greetings and sincere wishes for
good health, peace and contentment to the entire
Community.

B’nai Brith, through its many programs, has
been serving Jewry and humanity since October 13,
1843.

A.D.L. has been our watchman and our voice
exposing the cancer of anti-Semitism in our beautiful
land, also speaking out against injustice wherever it
affects Jews and non-Jews alike.

Through Hillel, A.Z.A. and B’nai B’rith Girls, the
organization provides avenues for Judaic social and
religious experiences for our youth.

One of the purposes of B’nai B’rith is to provide a
service club type of fraternal organization for Jewish
men.

On the level of service to the total community this
Lodge provides recognition trophies, distributed to
teachers, selected by their peers, for understanding
and empathy with their students. This understanding
and good relations with students makes for a more
productive teaching-learning situation. Jack
Coleman guided this project.

Another project is joining other service clubs on
December 24th, in manning the Salvation Army
Christmas Collection Kettles. Jack Coleman was also
head of this project. This year we won the Salvation

 

Hard at work are Florence Robin and Esther Fishler.

 

Army award for the highest amount of money
collected.

On the national and international level the
following are some additional B’nai B’rith programs:
Adult Jewish Education program
National Bowling program
Citizenship program
Community Service —

Drug Abuse and Environment

Housing for Senior Citizens
Henry Monsky Foundation
International Council
Israel Program
Legacy Development
Members Insurance program

Life— Major Medical—Disability Income
National Philanthropies

Leo N. Levi Memorial Hospital

National Jewish Hospital

Bellefaire Child Care Center

Center at Mayo Clinic
Programs for Armed Services and Veterans
Tour and Travel program
U.N. program
Career and Counseling Services

Mrs. Albert Meyerhoff receives certificate for trees planted
in Israel in memory of her late husband at the Z.O.A.
dinner.

257
