WHERE DOES THE WORLD START?

... at your fingertips!

Do you say: “There’s nothing I can do about the problems of the world.”

Nothing? This is a common mistake, for there isn’t a world problem which does not begin where you are.
Not to be aware of this - - not knowing the difference you make - - is in itself one of the biggest of world
problems.

Consider these three major issues of our time:

Ignorance, Poverty, Oppression

We often think the world problem is ignorance. Yet the real problem is our unwillingness to learn. In talking

to our family, to our neighbors, to the peoples of the world, we’re often so busy thinking of answers to give them,

we don’t really hear what they have to say to us.
We want to teach when our need is to learn. No one can fight ignorance this way.
Only when we’re ready to listen to others can we hope they will learn with us and from us.

We often think the world problem is poverty. Yet the real problem is our short-sightedness. We tend to believe

the best way to secure our well-being is to accumulate-more and more goods, even if this is at the expense of

others. The long history of man has shown, however, that ethical wisdom and practical wisdom point to the same
truth:

No one surrounded by poverty can be rich.

We often think the world problem is oppression. Yet the real problem is the rejection of our neighbors.

We see people all around us trying, in their pride, to lift themselves up, not by their own growth but by lowering
others. We sometimes find ourselves among them. Here, too, we fail to recognize how much the ideal
and practical are the same. For the simple fact is: Each of us belongs to the Family of Man. There are no

strangers left on earth.

We must understand how much we can do in the world in yet another way. We not only receive the world from the
generations of the past. We also pass it on.

And we are descendants of a great heritage which recognized our obligations to fight ignorance, poverty and
oppression everywhere. We must do no less.

So each of us faces these questions:
How shall we pass on our inheritance: Will it be diminished or increased?
Will we be the grandfathers . . . or only the grandsons of great men?

This is why it was said: “God of Abraham, God of Isaac, God of Jacob” (Prayer Book) and not God of Abraham,
Isaac and Jacob.

It was to let each generation know that, while we inherit a tradition, we must still achieve our own
understanding and meet our own responsibilities in what we owe to life and God.

East Coast Fruit Co.

LOUIS PORTNOY — WALTER PORTNOY
AND FAMILIES
