CENTER DAY CAMP

The Center Day Camp fills an important need to the
Jewish community for continuing to offer a well planned
summer program for children of all ages.

For the past two summers we have worked with a
program using specialists and Junior Counselors which is
proving to be most successful. This system gives all the
campers the benefit of the knowledge and talents of all the
specialists instead of being in one group with the same
counselor all day as in the past:

We not only offered a fun program, but excellent
instruction in all areas. Children who were frightened of the
water learned to swim — older swimmers learned to ski if
basic water safety skills were passed. Sportsmanship was
stressed in both team and individual activities. Campers who
had not had previous interest in crafts wanted more time to
make leather belts, headbands, bracelets, silk screen shirts,
shorts, or what have you. The in thing were the beautiful
beaded necklaces made and worn by both boys and girls, and
many more exciting crafts, too numerous to mention.

New activities, well accepted were weekly visits to the
Orange Park High School for classes in gymnastics, balance
beam and trampoline, a class in horsemanship, which taught
campers not only how to ride but how to care for horses and
track equipment.

The younger division made weekly visits to the
downtown Library for story hour and movies. The older
campers had overnight trips to Fort Clinch, Camp O’leno,
Itchatuchnee and Manatee Springs. The entire camp
participated in roller skating, nature trails at Julington High
School, the great “Carnival of the Future” and the always
exciting Color War.

 

Ye

Richard Bernard
Assistant Director

BAYMEADOWS

MAIN LOBBY

MON.-THUR. 9:00 AM - 4:30 PM
FRI. 9:00 AM - 6:30 PM

Member
- pegerg: epost
Insurance Corporation

9225 BAYMEADOWS RD. -

 

Campers are well supervised and the accident rate is
very minor, limited to only scratches, bites (insect) and
several sprains from falls at the roller rink.

When planning summer activities for your children be
sure to include all or part of their time at the nine week period
of the Center Day Camp. We promise that the exceptional
program of this summer will be even greater next year. In
closing I would be remiss not to mention the staff of
specialists whose talents contributed to such a successful
summer.

 

Blanche Slott

Director
Richard Bernard... Asst. Director, University ofFlorida
Wendy Honigman. = Efficient Secretary
Robin Morris ........ Judaic Specialist, Degree in Judaic Studies
Martha Van der Mallie _................ Waterfront - W.S.I., Phys. Ed.
Nancy Lowery .......Arts’n Crafts - Professional Photographer
Sandra hubby. = Girls’ Division - University of Florida
AlLDavis. == 2. Boys’ Division - Coach, Orange Park
Gale Ulmer ........ Director Younger Div., University of Florida
Phillip Tenenoaum SkiInstructor, University of Florida

BANK

DRIVE-IN TELLERS

MON.-THUR. 7:30 AM - 4:30 PM
FRI. 7:30 AM - 6:30 PM

PHONE 731-4600

HOURS

141
