OFFICERS

Miss Minnie Schreiber... President
Sol Katz 6 seh a ee eee reece President-Elect
Lewis Weisel 3 25 6 Vice-President, Chairman of

Admissions Board
Herman Paul 22. ee Vice-President, Co-Chairman of

Admissions Board
Jack Coleman: 5.0000). Vice-President, Co-Chairman of

Admissions Board
Bhi Becker.) joc. Vice-President, House Committee
Mrs. Roy J. Sloat 0.00.00... Vice-President, Life Enrichment
Mrs. Joseph Bernstein ...... Vice-President, Public Relations
Dr: Harry YOitee 2.20... Vice-President, Medical Board
Mrs, Gerald Glickstein 2.5 Secretary
Jack SCHWASCE a Treasurer
Adbert WoWoika) 2 Chairman of the Board
Norman Hofheimer ............... Chairman/ Endowment Board
Dr. Sam Witten. .............. Chairman/ Nominating Committee
ADMINISTRATIVE:
Bldiney MMtman 4. Executive Director

CALENDAR OF ACTIVITIES:

3rd Monday of each month — ADMISSIONS BOARD,
8:00 P.M.

4th Monday of each month — BOARD OF TRUSTEES,
8:00 P.M.

ANNIVERSARY DAY — March 27, 1977

On March 28, 1976, River Garden celebrated its 30th
Anniversary. By coincidence, this is the very same date
that the Home opened its doors in 1946 to serve the aged
and infirm of Florida.

It was a humble beginning in a colonial mansion and
could only accommodate twelve residents. It was really a
testing and research project to determine whether the
Jewish communities of Florida would need a special facility
for its dependent aged.

The intuitive projection of the Ladies Hebrew and
Sheltering Aid Society, the founders and sponsors of the
Home proved to be correct. Within a year of its opening,
ground was broken for the first addition. This was a modern
building and for those days a model facility for long term
care. It included a medical and nursing program in addition
to its home like lifestyle.

COMPLIMENTS OF
ARMOUR & COMPANY

5441 W. 5th Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32205

 

 

Honorary President Harry Gendzier installing Miss
Minnie Schreiber on March 28, 1976, as the president of
the Home and first woman to serve in this office at River
Garden.

The years that followed proved the needs more intensely
as the miracle of the wonder drugs allowed many more
people to reach the later years and subsequent need for
protected care for so many.

Three major building programs over the years bring us
up to date wherein we can accommodate 190 aged and
infirm in modern facilities designed to provide for
individual needs. The Home is really a number of homes
within the building complex. The architectural design
permits six major classification of need programs designed
for flexibility of the Home to meet the lifestyle of the
individual residents.

The Master Planning Committee of the Home, now in
existence for twenty years, is studying trends and future
directions to meet the needs of a new generation of aging
coming on the scene. Will today’s patterns of serving needs
be effective and functional in the future?

This is a difficult question to answer since the rapid
advances in medicine and other social changes are difficult
to anticipate. But one guideline will never change- The Fifth
Commandment: “Honor thy Father and thy Mother...”. As
long as this basic tenet of Judaism exists, the role of River
Garden in the future will remain the same as in the past
thirty years - to be a social model to meet the needs of an
aging and infirm resident population.

IMPORT
a p

Sco

LIGHTING FIXTURES — BULBS — TRACK LIGHTING

1969 SAN MARCO BLVD. PH. 398-8431
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32207

245
