SOLOMON SCHECTER SCIENTISTS SHINE

The Solomon Schecter Day School has announced the
winners of their second annual Science Fair for fifth and sixth
grade students.

: 2 Blair Selber, a fifth grader, took first place in the biology
me Fy division and Michael Freedman, also a fifth grader, won first
place in the physical science division.

Thirty-five students participated in the fair with first,
second and third place ribbons awarded in each of the two
divisions. Judging the event was Dr. Lester Walker, science
professor at the University of North Florida.

Blair’s project, “The Growth of A Plant Day By Day,”
charted the growth of beans placed in different kinds of liquid,
including lake water, river water, salt water, tap water,

 

Blair Selber, a fifth grader, displays his project called “The Growth ofa nicotine water and alcohol.
Plant Day by Day.”

Of his findings, Blair said, “I was very surprised that
nicotine water grew anything at all. Also, ocean water, soapy
water and alcohol didn’t produce any growth at all.”

Michael said he had been collecting rocks since age five.
His project, “Rocks and Mineral,” featured a display of
igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic rocks.

Michael’s project also included an information chart and
map of the U.S. indicating where different rocks can be
found.

Another display explained the process of sedimentary
rocks changing to metamorphic rocks.

Judy Sprecher won second place in the biology division
for her project, “Developing Embryos.”

Judy said she opened a chicken egg and duck egg every
Wey Sorecher halls “Elin” three days and charted specific growth and development at
“Developing Embryos.” each interval.

On the 19th day, Judy said she could see all the parts and

feathers for the chicken but that the duck was not fully
developed.

 

“T found that chickens develop before ducks. A chicken
takes 21 days while ducks take 28 days.”

Judy named three of her chickens Fluffy, Cheapers and
Jeepers.

The duck will be named when it hatches.

Other Science Fair winners are: Perri Kantor, third
place for a project on smoking; Bill Meisel, second place for
his project on the metric system and Cary Zel, third place for
his project on dinosaurs.

 

Sixth grade of the

Solomon Schechter
Day School

at Yom Ha Shoa.

 

I3f
