Don Cohn, President

Jewish Family & Children’s Services is the two person
case work agency of the Jewish Community. Its goals are to
help individuals and families lead happier and healthier
lives approaching their potentials and to strengthen and/or
restore family functioning and stability.

In 1975 it helped 456 different individuals in one or more
of its programs: 241 with counseling, 170 with financial aid
or employment counseling, 154 senior citizens in their own
homes or River Garden, 50 with resettlement problems, two
in foster homes, and 43 with conflict with law. The projected
figures for 1976 are even higher. It will include the
resettlement of four new Russian families.

Lawrence Rackow

To better provide these many services and others, we
need the active participation of a well coordinated volunteer
group. We need teachers to formally teach, and friends to
help and converse with our newly arrived Russian families;
friends to visit with isolated, aged or young persons.
Volunteer to go to the prison and state hospital. Volunteer to
bring the clients to doctors or shopping. Volunteer to collect
donations.

Please call Jewish Family & Children’s Services at 396-
2941.

 

Why does a Conservative synagogue support and
promote Camp Ramah?

Camp Ramah provides the opportunity to offer a total
Jewish living experience for children and teenagers in the
relaxed and enjoyable atmosphere of a summer camp.
Values built on shared experience and emotion reach our
sons and daughters in a manner impossible in a formal
school program. Over the years, Ramah has helped instill a
deeper commitment to Judaism in many of its participants.

The Center believes that benefits accrue to the
congregation, not just to the individual. We have therefore
made monies available to reduce the financial cost for
qualified students regardless of need. These monies are not
part of the regular Center budget, but rather are raised by

 

Alan Gordon presenting Robert J. Gordon Awards to Peter
Fishbein and Neal Sprecher.

donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, through
Sisterhood, and from other sources.

Two families have helped us greatly. The Gordon family
has established a scholarship fund in memory of the beloved
Robert J. Gordon. A long list of deserving boys and girls
have been able to go to Ramah because of this scholarship.

Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for
specific Jewish educational purposes. With the full support
of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never lost their
interest in the Center, the proceeds of this trust have also
been used to send campers to Ramah.

It is our hope that the Camp Ramah experience will
continue to be a valuable complement to a formal Jewish
education.

 

Keith Proctor, Bes Jacobson and Stephen Presser are the
recipients of the Abe Selber Trust Awards presented by
Franklin Selber.

243
