Presiaeni 6 ee Mrs. Sumner Waitz (Joan)
Vice Presidents ...

Memibersiip 2 ne ee Mrs. Ronald Levin (Joan)
Kitna hase Mrs. Norman Kagan (Rhoda)
Progr i oe be Mrs. Martin Rosenberg (Susan)
Wado oN Mrs. Morris Golomb (Eve)
Corresponding Secretary ................ Mrs. Albert Kofka (Sarah)
Recording Secretary ........... Mrs. Joseph Honigman (Wendy)
Financial Secretary =... = Mrs. Joseph Laufer (Susan)
TOUS Cin a Mrs. Samuel Rosen (Helen)

Opening meeting of the Tikva Group will be held September
98, 1976 at the Jacksonville Jewish Center featuring a
Regional Speaker.

Highlight of the year will be a Donor affair featuring the
‘made in Israel’ Fashion Show. This is a glamorous
Hadassah Show, consisting of garments exquisitely
designed and executed by fashion students of the Hadassah
Comprehensive High School.

 

Officers

Shin Le - Hadassah

Shir Li, the young women’s Group of Hadassah, is one
of the three groups comprising the Jacksonville Chapter of
Hadassah.

IPVCSIOe 2 ee Mrs. Charles Moskovitz (Evelyn)
Vice President. Membership. 235.3 =. |

VWiee President Munia Raisins. = ee

ec ae ee Mrs. Howard Weinstein (Gail)
Vice LresidentProsramnmine: 2 a

ee Mrs. William Nussbaum (Patty)

Piawanera SCClCUaTy 62). | Mrs. Ronald Spiwak (Barbara)
Corresponding secretary =. Mrs. George Levin (Phyllis)
Recor Seerelany. 6 a Mrs. Nelson Dean (Linda)
OCI OCCRCIGnY: Mrs. Sheldon Kaplan (Harriett)
Cather es Oe ee Mrs. Steven Rohan (Betty)

Shir Li invites newcomers and new members to join our
group. Plans have been made for evening and daytime
meetings in order to meet the schedules of our members. A
meeting on Tay-Sachs Disease is planned for the fall; also a
plant sale and bowling social, Education Day and the Donor
affair are two events that will take place in the spring, as
well as interesting speakers on various subjects. The
opening meeting will be held in September. Those wishing
to join please contact the Membership Vice-President.

Today Hadassah carries on in the fields of children’s
diseases, therapy and research along with the expansion of
its vast Medical Organization. The Youth Aliyah program
now cares for children in Israel from disadvantaged
families and orphans, and now has a Culture Caravan. The
Hadassah Israel Education Services has created a multi-
level comprehensive education network encompassing the
latest theories of secondary and community college career-
oniented schooling.

 

Pictured, top row, left to right: Gail Weinstein,
Phyllis Levin, Linda Dean, Betty Rohan
Bottom row: Martha Wahnish, Evelyn Moskovitz,
Harriett Kaplan, Maxine Funk

200
