TS

Lela bata toh th hte to eh hed oadededededides he f° sea = cs
son :

JOE MIZRAHI

Joe Mizrahi, seven year old

son of a Sphardic Jew to whom
Hebrew served once as the
mother tongue. Little Joe would
like to talk Hebrew too, and he
tries his best. Teacher says He-
brew as an Oriental language is
just wonderfully in harmony with
Joe's handsome, typical Oriental
Jewish face.

ROSE SAFER

Teacher calls her ‘‘Shoshan-

oh*’ she thought at the beginn-

ing that Hebrew was very hard.

Sut after a few weeks of learning,

and not missing a day, trying
her best and succeeding now,
Rose says, ““How wonderful and
interesting Hebrew is."

 

ee .
SADA AAA ALAS

NORMAN MOSCOVITZ

Six year old, son of the pre-
sident of the Congregation has
his own reason for liking Che-
der: ‘‘When I will become Bar
Mitzvah"’, says Norman, “I
want to deliver a speech in He-
brew and understand the pray-
ers.'' And little Norman knows
that to be able to deliver a
speech in the Hebrew language
and to understand the prayers

‘and all the nice stories of that

big book called ‘‘The Bible*’ he
has to start right now, and not
two months belo Bar Mitzvah.

SOPHIE ROPHIE

She’s a sweet little girl but
not a pupil of the kindergarten.
For we are not lucky enough to
have one as yet, but she is a
regular pupil at the school in
one of the higher classes. Her
father, Mr. Rophie, a Sephardic
Jew, doesn’t consider her too
young to attend Hebrew School
even though Sophie is only five.
In his country, among the Sep-
hardic Jews, children start He-
brew at the age of three and

pepepererird ri rd perepdrarerdgdey

IRVING KLEPPER

Only one more year and he
will be ‘‘Bar Mitzvah.”’ Irving
has been attending a certain
Sunday School since early child-
hocd, but to become Bar Mitz-
vah, his father, Mr. Klepper,
a ‘maskil’’ realizes that a Sun-
day School education is not
enough for a Jewish child. Irv-
ing hopes that in a year’s time
with hard work and with a will-
ing heart he will make up for

ePesese re pa hehe tame na need eyed s,

JACOB WEINSTEIN

Usually a boy becomes Bar
Mitzva when thirteen years of
age. There are some ex-
ceptions. Their Bar Mitzva is
a year earlier. Jacob Wein-
stein is one of these exceptions.
He is an orphan. But by
his diligence and devotion to
his Hebrew School studies he
will know more at_ twelve
than most boys do at thirteen.

JUDITH WILENSKY

Rain or shine!! she’s always
there. That’s Judith, daughter
of Dr. J. T. Wilensky. Dr
Wilensky considers the study of
Hebrew as great a mitzvah as
observing the Sabbath, to which
1e devotedly adheres. Little
ludith is as interested in her
debrew work as her older sis-
ers are in community work.

NATHAN GOLDSTEIN

Six year old Nathan Goldstein
is very good in his Hebrew
Studies; that is why the teacher
overlooks his invented excuses for
failing to write his homework
sometimes. At times the teacher
even enjoys to listen to these in-
teresting stories which include
helping mother wash dishes, go-
ing to the grocery for her and
similar mother-saving devices.

IRVING KANTOR

Teacher calls him ‘‘Yitzchok"’
never absent, never late. One
day poor Irving became ill. Irv-
ing could not rest easy until
mother notified the teacher the
reason for his absence. Ot
ccurse, the teacher was not
pleased. He wants Irving to be
well always, to come to cheder,
and continue being champion of
his class.

Sophie is frue to the traditions
of her father and ncver misses

what time he has lost so far.

OUR JEWS OF TO-MORROW

(Thoughts of the Present with a View to The Future)
By Joseph Schenkerman, Principal B’nai Israel Hebrew School

“From the mouths of babes and sucklings hast Thou founded Thy Strength.”’

A ship on a storm tossed sea in danger of foundering
and sinking is crowded with passengers who must seek
safety in the lifeboats. To everyone life is dear. No one
wants to find a premature end in a watery grave. And
yet the wonder and magic of it all. The cry is raised
“Children First’ and the strongest men yield that the
weakest children might be saved.

True this is possible only with civilized, cultured, in-
telligent people. Wéith the barbarians it is different.
Just as in hoary antiquity they to-day sacrifice their
children on the slightest whim or pretext. In spite of
this fact there is probably much of the instinctive in
the manly self sacrifice of the adult on behalf of the
child but it is more than that. It is the conscious feeling
that the child is entitled to a chance in life and that in
having that chance may rise to heights not yet attained by
his predecessors which often prompts the self sacrifice of
the individual for the welfare of the race.

It is to the honor and glory of the Jewish people
that it recognized this principle even in the days of
earliest antiquity. The Bible denounces in most vehement
terms those who offer their children as a sacrifice to Molech
the dread fire God, and both the Bible and rabbinic
literature abound in tender references to the care and
upbringing of the children. No wonder that the Jew

living in a Jewish environment was willing to sacrifice
his last bite of bread in order that his children might
receive a good Jewish training.

But what about the American Jew? After the break-
ing of the roots grounded in the older soil of Europ:
and under the influence of a general levelling, loosening
and recasting the character and spirit of the Jew has
changed in a single lifetime. But as you look into the
eyes of the children who go to Hebrew School you fee:
that mystic power which assures you that all is not lost,
and that the very generation which we said shall be as a
spoil, and lost to us because of our neglect, may yet pro-
duce great Jewish leaders and thinkers.

Of mighty England it is said that the sun never
sets on the British flag. With even greater force and
truth may it be asserted that the Jewish books of learn:
ing are never closed. Every minute of the twenty-four
hours there is some place in the world where the scatter-
ed and dispersed children of Israel are welding the
strong chain which keeps them united in one harmonious
whole by drawing upon the same source of strength and
inspiration, the Jewish Bible and Jewish tradition. In old
fashioned ‘“‘cheder’ or modern Hebrew School we are
raising our army, our reserve force, which shall fight
our battle, a holy war, a war not of blood and conquest
but for self preservation and maintenance of ideals.
“Not by power, nor yet by might, but by my spirit,”
saith the Lord. And as we look at these children’s faces.
the pupils of our Talmud Torah, we are filled with
pride and hope, and our lips tremble in prayer in which
all of you must join, “Go forth with this your might and
prove a salvation .unto Israel.”

f

 

FANNIE FINEBLUM

Fannie Fineblum, ten years
old, sixth grade public school,
just started going to Hebrew
School. Poor Fannie as a be-
ginncr, was forced into a class
with smaller children. Fannie
wasn't pleased to have the tiny
tots for her classmates, so she
sacrificed some of her play time
for home work. Warking dili-
gently, she succeeded and is now
in a higher class.

 

PHILIP SELBER

What should a pupil do when
he hasn't anyone to assist him
in his home work?

Philip Selber solved this prob-
lem in his own way. An hour
kefore the class assembles you'll
find Philip already in the class-
rv-m provarine his lessons. O¢
course, the teachers and the rabbi
are ai.o there and Selber knows
that they are always ready to
help a diligent pupil no mat-
ter how busy with other duties.

 

BESSIE COHEN

Arrived only recently from
Baltimore. Her mother sees no
reason why Jacksonville should
not be just as good a place in
which to study Hebrew. Bessie
in the same spirit is progressing
nicely in the Jacksonville Ile-
brew School.
