6€

 

 
 

President, Secretary, Treasurer and three Trustees, and the title to all property,
real or personal, shall vest in the trustees, and all of said officers shall be elected
by the congregation, and all officers shall be elected on the first day of January
of each and every year, unless otherwise changed at any time by the by-laws.

(7) The officers who are to manage the affairs of said corporation and
in whom the title to all property, real and personal, shall vest, until the first
election under the charter, shall be Max Frank, President; Samuel Controvitz,
Vice President; Louis Rosenstein, Secretary; Alex Ossinsky, Treasurer; and E.
H. Pilton, Morris Wexler and A. Hirsch, Trustees.

(8) The By-Laws of the corporation are to be made, altered or rescinded
by the President, Vice-President and Secretary.

(9) The highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which the corpora-
tion can at any time subject itself, shall not be greater than two-thirds of the
value of the property held by said corporation, whatever that value may be.

MAX FRANK, Jacksonville, Florida.
S. CONTROVITZ, Jacksonville, Fla.
E. H. PILTON, Jacksonville, Fla.

A. HIRSCH, Jacksonville, Fla.

M. WEXLER, Jacksonville, Fla.
ALEX OSSINSKY, Jacksonville, Fla.
L. ROSENSTEIN, Jacksonville, Fla.

STATE OF FLORIDA

DuvaL COUNTY |
Before me, the subscriber, personally came L. Rosenstein, who first being
duly sworn, says that he is one of the subscribers to the foregoing proposed char-
ter and subscribed his name thereto, and that it is intended in good faith to carry
out the purposes and objects set forth therein.
L. ROSENSTEIN.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 2nd day of November, 1901, at
Jacksonville, Florida.
C. SETON FLEMING,
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large.

I certify that on the 6th day of December, 1901, I recorded the foregoing
instrument in the Public Records of Duval County, Florida.
Po} D. -CASSIDEY.
Clerk Circuit Court.

This matter coming on to be heard upon this 5th day of December, and it
appearing to the Court that due and legal advertisement has been made pursuant
to statute, and it further appearing that the object of the corporation is such as
contemplated by the statue. Now therefore, it is ordered, adjudged and de-
creed that the enclosed charter proposed be and the same is hereby approved.

Done and ordered this Decembr 5, 1901. Ry MM. CALL. Jadge.

In 1907 the membership of the B’nai Israel Congregation had increased to
seventy five, and the congregation felt strong enough to begin the erection of a
suitable edifice to house its religious and educational activities. For true to the
principles of their faith they laid siress not only on public worship but
also on the education of their young. Provision was, therefore, made in the
new building for a Hebrew School with three classrooms and a larger room for
assembly purposes. The upper floor serves as the synagogue proper with a
gallery reserved for the ladies.

A large lot in what was then the fashionable residential section on the cor-
ner of Jefferson and Duval Street was selected as the site. The remarkable
courage and faith of those devoted Sons of Israel can be gauged by the fact that

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

they had only fifty dollars when the purchase of the lot was made. Nothing
daunted, however they proceeded and succeeded in erecting the present synagogue
at a cost of $25,000. Grateful acknowledgement is made for the help extended by
Gentile friends in this community and out of town Jews, notably the Weinkle
Brothers of Savannah (Mr. M. J. Weinkle is still an active member of the con-
gregation) who donated a carload of lumber.

A tablet inscribed with golden letters in a prominent position in the syna-
gogue gives the names of the Building Committee as follows:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Isaac Davis, President; Harry Glickstein, Vice-President.

 
 
 

 
 

BUILDING COMMITTEE

Elias H. Pilton, Chairman; Judah Joel,

Max Frank, Vice-Chairman; Louis Winkler,
Frank Bandel, Treasurer; Morris Wexler,
Lionel D. Joel, Secretary; Abraham Hirsch,
David Davis, Alex Ossinsky.

As spiritual leader of the congregation was appointed Rev. Benjamin

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

Safer. He was to act as cantor and reader in the synagogue and “shochet” to
provide kosher meat for the community. Members of the congregation extended

RK PI VVYV VV VV VV VVVV VV VV WV VWVWVVWVYVWVV VV VV YYW VWVWV°®VYVWV°_®¥YVWVVWVWVWVVWVVWVWV VV VY WY VV VY YY VV VV VY VV VY VY VV VV VA
