BOY SCOUTS — TROOP 14

Meme CUVOULCGGEr ee a Gary Kupfer
NRE hr Mitch Crystal
MIRCTIMGSECl ee David Greenspoon
Rs ke eS Tan Mann
er ee a eS ek 8 Gary Kupfer
MemaITiG COOTGINGLON eae eece ceca scccececceccccsaece. Don Levinson
I OObCle os Charles Berman
Beaictant Scout Master .................4.8 Don Kupfer

OUTSTANDING SCOUT
OF THE YEAR

GARY KUPFER

Troop 14 completed a year fuil of scouting experiences.
Canoeing, fishing, hiking, cooking, swimming, and of course,
camping have always been a part of our program. Campfire
“rap sessions always seem to bring the Scouts even closer
together. Goodwill projects and Scout Sabbath are some of
the events that enable the troop to contribute to our
synagogue and community.

 

 

Scoutmasters
Leon Yergin, Charles Berman

We are sorry to lose Leon Yergin as Scoutmaster and
appreciate his long dedication to Scouting, but we welcome
Don Kupfer, father of three fine Scouts and many years of
service to the Scouting program. He will certainly be an asset
to the troop.

The new year promises to be filled with even more
events, enabling Troop 14’s Scouts to enjoy what Scouting is
all about. Boys 11 years old and older are welcomed to our
Thursday night meetings, and any questions can be directed
to any of the Scouters listed on the page.

_ Saeed ge Nn ae tion ton ret beth at tcnme enR
CONGREGATION HONORS THREE LEADERS
AT SIMHAT TORAH SERVICES 1975

 

Troop 14 Bicentennial Program

 

WOMAN OF VALOR

 

HATAN TORAH
Jack Becker

Jack Becker is described by those who
know him in the following terms — ayin tova, “a
good eye.” Indeed he seems to see good in
everything and in everyone; chaver tou, “a good
friend.” There are many individuals who know
and respect him and consider him a good friend;
sachen tou, “a good neighbor.” His capacity for
concern of his fellow man transcends any geo-
graphical or religious boundary; Lev tov, “a good
heart.” He is good hearted, compassionate and
sympathetic and exemplifies what Rabbi Yoch-
anan ben Zakkai considered the highest attain-
ment in life; a good heart, tenderness, compas-
sion and gentleness.

HATAN BERESHIT
Lawrence Jaffe

The Hebrew word seder demonstrates the
unique and valuable service that Larry performs
for the Center. As an accountant (he is manag-
ing partner of J. K. Lasser Co., Jacksonville of-
fice), Larry is particularly concerned with the
orderly process as well as the financial stability
and strength of our synagogue.

Weare able to continue and to expand our
religious and social programs because our “fi-
nancial house” is in order. This is largely due to
Larry’s perserverance and diligence. Larry’s per-
sonal commitment to his fellow man outside the
synagogue is shown also by his leadership in the
Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons,
having served as Deputy Grand Master.

Mrs. Sheldon Gendzier

Our Synagogue is enriched because of
Horty’s quiet, but effective service. As a past
President of Sisterhood she remains active in a
host of activities, especially Sisterhood, youth
and education. She contributes the kind of spirit-
ual and moral strength that only beautiful souls
bring to a congregation. Horty is always busy
thinking of others, doing for others — family,
friends, youth, Synagogue.

Our sages long ago taught: “He who pur-
sues honor, finds honor fleeting from him. He
who flees from honor, finds honor pursuing
him.” This great honor has come to Horty Gend-
zier, because she so rightfully is deserving of it.

113
