Dignity and equality

philosophy of life in which all people are

Vs Jewish way of death is one part of a

endowed with dignity and given respect.

Even after death, the body which once held a
human soul retains its sanctity. Our sages have
compared a corpse to an impaired Torah scroll
which, although no longer usable, retains its
holiness.

Tradition dictates that from the moment of
death until burial the body of the deceased must
be attended by a shomer, a guard. The impor-
tance of this mitzva is emphasized by the fact
that the shomer is relieved of all other religious
obligations during his watch.

The body should be buried as soon as possible,
usually within one day, except on the Sabbath;
recent traditional practice allows slight delays
if a close relative or friend must travel long
distances to attend the funeral.

Before burial, the body is to cleansed by
tahara, ritual washing.

The body is then dressed in tachrichim: clean,
simple, white, handmade shrouds. Close to two
thousand years ago, Rabban Gamliel noted
that the rich were buried in ostentatious
clothing, which embarrassed the poor who
could not afford them; he insisted that he be
buried in plain linen shrouds, and the custom
became a central symbol of the egalitarianism
of Jewish burial practice.

The use of the plainest wooden coffin is
required — to maintain the sense of equality in
death and to follow the principle: ‘Dust you are
and unto dust you shall return.” The coffin must
be made entirely of wood and must not retard
the natural decomposition of the body.

Since burial must be prompt, there should be
no public viewing of the body, nor should there
be embalming or cosmetic work which are
regarded as mutilation and desecration. Today,
embalming is only permitted by Jewish law in
those instances when it is required by civil law.
Cremation, regarded as a total desecration, is
not permitted.

These traditions have been supervised in
Jewish communities by a chevura kadisha —
sacred society — which consists of volunteers
who aid the bereaved and ensure that law and
custom are followed. Assisting in the prepara-
tion and burial of the body is a highly valued
mitzva and is considered a chesed shel emet,
an act of kindness performed without ulterior
motive, because the dead cannot repay this act
of kindness. Membership in a cheura kadisha
has always been considered an honor, bestowed
upon the pious of the community.

CESH29

The Jacksonville Jewish community is fortunate to have a functioning chevura kadisha, active
since January, 1974. The members perform the necessary tasks on a rotating basis. New members
are welcome and needed to continue these important services to our fellow Jews. Anyone who is
interested in becoming a member of the local society is invited to contact one of the members or his

rabbi for further information.
The officers and other members are:

President, Joel Bressler
Vice President, Dr. Joseph Honigman

Treasurer, Alan Taffet
Secretary, Beatrice Browdy

Jay Aronson, Laurie Benwick, Linda Bressler, Babs Goldstein, Charles Kurtz, Lillian Meizlik,
Max Platock, Nathan Sandler, Simon Selber, Max Shmunes, Nathan Shmunes and Anita Soloman.

274
