PYCSIGCNE (2 ea es ee a Moe B. Safer
Viee@PVeESIgChi Sse ee Edwin Presser
DOCIOLOTY 5) se a ae Herman Gelman
LVCOSUTO! ee oe ne Joseph Cohen
PVECIORS 20, Eugene Henry, David Gradman

and W. Z. Goldberg
Associate Directors .................. Samuel Schuster, Wallace

Rubenstein, Jordan Ansbacher, Nathan V. Gross
and William E. Papet

Credit-Commitice 4.3 3. Mac Presser, Chairman;
Irwin Gendzier and Murray B. Glickstein

Audit Committee. 2 Max Becker, Chairman;
Stanley Gelman, Milton Hecht, Jean
Benjamin and Barry Schuster

The Progressive Credit Union was organized and
is operated to serve the financial needs ofits members
consisting of men and women of the Jacksonville
Jewish community.

1975 was a good year. Many Jacksonville
business men and women used the service of the
Credit Union last year to supplement their operating
capital. Loans were made to many Jewish families to
buy automobiles, appliances, marry or confirm their
children and for other worth-while personal needs. 26
Jewish students were helped to go to the college of
their choice. The money advanced for school needs is
fully guaranteed by the U.S. government insured
student loan program.

 

 

All members receive free life insurance on their
savings up to $2,000.00. All loans are covered by free
credit life insurance for the full outstanding balances
of their loans. With all services rendered ratio charged
for interest is lower than charged by other lending
institutions in Jacksonville. Savers were rewarded in
1975 with 5'2% dividends. Savings are insured up to
$40,000 by the Florida Credit Union Guarantee
Corporation.

We extend a cordial invitation to all to join with us
and participate with us in the Progressive Credit
Union program.

 

Confumealion blass 1976

Front row: Roland Stephen Mizrahi,

 

Ss

she Ann Esman, Charles

Zev Mibab, Gail Michelle Blattner and Melanie Sue Lewitt. Second
row: Malkah Hochman, Beth Paula Meisel, Sandra Michelle
Franzblau and Robin Elise Jawitz. Back row: Keith Rodney Proctor,

Stephen Wayne Presser and Rabbi David Gaffney.

259
