RELIGIOUS EDUCATION

 

Rabbi Efraim Warshaw Teachers of Solomon Schechter Day School

WELCOME TO RABBI EFRAIM WARSHAW

The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to have a unique and versatile Educational Director at the helm of its
educational programs. Rabbi Efraim Warshaw’s professional training and multi-faceted experience in all areas of Jewish
education, promise an exciting and fruitful future for the Center.

A native of Albany, New York which has become a model Jewish community by virtue of its outstanding educational
programs, Rabbi Warshaw moved to Los Angeles with his family in his teenage years. There he graduated public high
school, Hebrew High School, and college. Holding a B. A. in Near Eastern Studies from UCLA (1962) and a Bachelor of
Religious Education degree from the University of Judaism (1964), the rabbi’s lifelong interest has been the field of Jewish
education. At the Jewish Theological Seminary, from which institution he was ordained in 1968 and where he earned a
Masters in Hebrew Literature in 1965, he majored in a special program in the field of education.

Presently 36 years old, Rabbi Warshaw has served with distinction, over the past 15 years, in positions of educational
leadership in virtually every form of American Jewish education.

Upon completion of his studies at the Seminary, Rabbi Warshaw directed the Hebrew High School at Temple Israel in
Great Neck, Long Island, for a period of five years. During this tenure, this school achieved national recognition as the
outstanding Hebrew High School in the country and was awarded the Solomon Schechter Award for excellence.

Rabbi Warshaw served two day schools, the first being the Robert Gordis Hebrew Day School in Rockaway Park,
New York, where he was Co-ordinator of Shabbat Programs. Later he was Director of Judaic-Hebraic Curriculum and
Instruction at the Agnon School in Cleveland.

Most recently, the rabbi was called to California to direct the Educational Center of Valley Beth Shalom of Encino, in
the Los Angeles suburbs. In charge of a nursery school, an elementary school and a high school, he conducted a trend-
setting program of studies and activities for nearly 1,000 young people.

Rabbi Warshaw has written on educational and youth themes in order to share his ideas with Jewish community
leaders and educators. Articles from his pen have appeared in the pages of leading journals in the field, including “Jewish
Education” and “Synagogue School”. His major article to date has been “Jewish Education and Ecstasey” in which he
developed the idea of the school as a model Jewish community.

Reviewing all of these facts in Rabbi Warshaw’s background, however, does not capture the essence of the man and
his dedication to Jewish children and creative Jewish living. A warm and friendly person, he said, “I believe in young people
-- and] love them! I believe that childhood should be a period of intense curiosity, deep exploration, great creativity, much
encouragement, reward and emotional satisfaction. It is a time to dream great dreams; the greater the dreams, the more
wonderful the life.”

The rabbi went on to say that when we love children, they will become loving people. “Give them respect, and they will
respect you and others. Treat them kindly, and they will turn out to be kind persons.” Clearly, any school which he directs
will be characterized by warm and open relationships between the rabbi and his students and staff.

The Officers, Board of Directors, Trustees, and Education Committee, proudly welcome Rabbi Efraim Warshaw to
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. They are confident that he, with the cooperation and support of the Center leadership,
PTA, parent-body, students and teachers, will usher in a new period of educational excellence, deepened commitment,
and enriched Jewish living for our young people and their families.

121
