PARENT-TEACHER ASSOCIATION

The Solomon Schechter Day School enjoys the active support
of its Parent Teacher Association, led by Idlene Slaff, President, and
a large Board of committee members. Convening monthly, the PTA
Board seeks ways to enrich the school program, offering ideas and
support for holiday programs, cultural field trips, and the many
added “extras” so necessary for a meaningful school experience.

Providing a vital conduit of information and an important
sounding-board for the director, the PTA also conducts parent-
teacher meetings, featuring speakers, panels, and films of
educational import. Room mothers and advisors for field trips are
also provided by the PTA.

A new addition this year will be the introduction of a monthly
PTA Newsletter, providing up-to-date and accurate information
about school programs and policies, student activities and trips,
curricular innovations and joint student-family events. Edited by
Carole Freedman, the publication welcomes contributions by
parents and teachers.

A further innovation will be a PTA-sponsored regular series of
morning “Coffees with the Director”. These informal get-togethers
will provide an opportunity for the exchange of opinions on the
subject of school philosophy, curricular questions, child-rearing
techniques, and family education. Details of time and place will be
announced once school has convened.

PTA OFFICERS
PreSIGGnAl wi. 35 Fo. ese ee ee Idlene Slaff
Co-Vice President of Fund-raising -.....0....-.-ccccccccccccseceeee- Susie Roey
Co-Vice President of Fund-raising .....................--..-..... Sharon Frankel
Program Vice President #2) 4 Elaine Overstreet
Recording Secretany <..23 = ee Leslie Held
Corresponding Secretary 2. fie Marsha Pollock
TVOQSUIEF OO Soe ee a Susie Biller
AQUISOR a a ea Horty Gendzier

EER A eR II LENO SESS GEOL RENIN,

Distinctive Wedding Invitations
Bar & Bat Mitzvah Invitations, Informals, Stationery,
Announcements, Yarmulkes, Napkins, Matches, Etc.

Call ESTHER FISHLER at the CENTER OFFICE, 268-6736, to see our
CATALOGUES.

 

 

a

 

Second grade children of the Solomon Schechter Day
School enjoy Hebrew songs with Mrs. Zippora Zucker.

159
