s,
fvfnagocjue
-C
enter
<=4J,
ministration
With the advent of a new year it is time to
reappraise ourselves; to take a personal inventory of
our attitude toward our Center. Have we done what
we could or should, or have we remained complacent
and satisfied with our thoughts in the hope that others
may do their share?
We learn in the Ethics of the Fathers that Hillel
said, “Separate not thyself from the congregation/’
The interpretation given to it by our rabbis is to
identify your individual life with that of the com¬
munity and stay not apart from it. Separation is es¬
pecially unpardonable when the community or con¬
gregation is in need.
In the conflict with Amalek the hands of Moses
grew weary and they took a stone and put it under
him. “Could they not have given him a cushion or a
chair”, it is asked, but Moses said “Since my brethren
are in need, lo I will bear my part with them; for he
who bears his portion of the burden will live to see the
hour of consolation”. (Talmud)
It is fascinating to see how words written so many
years ago apply to our present day, “for he who bears
his portion of the burden”. We all have a portion of
the burden to bear to see our congregation flourish and
continue serving the needs of our congregants. In
the administration field it is my intention to see that
each member of our congregation does his share so
that the end result will be an efficient and effective
center of worship, learning and social activity. With
your cooperation we shall see the Center a spiritual
and financial success, insuring that Judaism will func¬
tion as a potent influence to our Synagogue Family
and community.
A congregation is much more than a membership
organization. It is an association of Jewish families
IRWIN WIENER
Executive Director
dedicated to high spiritual objects. It means entering
a circle of a group of men, women and youth interested
in Jewish life and creating an atmosphere of positive
action. Such is the main objective of our United
Synagogue Youth, or as I like to refer to them, our
young adults, who have undertaken the task of build¬
ing the foundation for the preservation of their identity
as Jews and the future of their synagogue. This is a
year in which we will see the youth of our congre¬
gation set the example for all of us to follow.
To the young adult and the adult I say, “The
day is short, and the work is great, and the laborers are
sluggish, but the reward is much.”
God bless us in our endeavors.
Irwin Wiener
Mrs. Mae Henderson
Comptroller
.T.Y ttl
mió
moni
JUl tu
STUDY • PRAYER
DEEDS OF KINDNESS
Mrs. Reeda Carmichael
Machine Bookkeeper
Mrs. Esther Fishier
Secy. - Year Book
Mrs. B. Stegman
Secy. - Bookkeeper
Mrs. Nathan Robin
Secy. - Administration
15
