Jerome Lipnick
Rabbi’s Message
It is with extreme pleasure that I make my debut
in your year book, and I do so conscious of the import¬
ance of this initial appearance. For us this a Berashit,
the beginning of my association with this institution.
I am now part of your record, and that is no small
thing.
What a beautiful tradition you have created and
sustained in the Center, that over the years at this
season you have put together this book. You have
assembled all of the various aspects and activities of
this congregation and this community in order to view
them whole. The view that you receive through word
and through picture now becomes a slice of Jewish
history.
It takes courage to keep the record. There are
those who cynically warn against putting things in
writing for fear that the written word may return to
haunt us. The warning is not without foundation. The
fear is a valid one. But happily you have not yielded
to them. You have insisted on the record and you have
published photographs and facts and names too, the
names of each Center member and family who belong
to our common undertaking and who have a crucial
stake in what we do. Let all who wish examine the
record of what has been achieved, and let them judge
accordingly.
Year books may be new to Jewish experience, but
not books for the years. For example the Bible repre¬
sents the long history of a people whose origins were in
the Ur of The Chaldeese, which wandered into Canaan,
and then descended into Egypt to be prepared and
tested in the crucible 3f enslavement for its grand
journey over the centuries, the bearers of a heritage
of learning and justice and human decency. Wherever
we have gone in all the lands of our dispersion, in every
country in which we have lived and especially in the
land of Israel itself we have ever been conscious of
what we have achieved and what we have failed to
achieve. We have obligated ourselves to be literate in
many languages and to leave it to succeeding genera¬
tions to determine the quality of our efforts. As Jews
we have become adept in the art of dealing with His¬
tory, hoping and praying that history will deal kindly
with us.
History is rarely given to leniency even though a
Holy Day season is a time of forgivenss and trying
RABBI JEROME LIPNICK
to start anew. We ask no favors. The record must be
an accurate and honest one. Knowing this, it must
represent the very best of which we are capable as
individuals and as an assemblage of families. And year
by year the record must be scrutinized by each of us
so that we ourselves might introduce the changes that
are necessary and the approaches that are required to
make our endeavors worth while in our own eyes and
in the eyes of others.
There have been significant achievements here,
many of them unique, and for this I and all of us
have reason to be gratified. I personally stand on the
shoulders of numerous predecessors in the rabbinate
and the laity who have labored with zeal and intelli¬
gence to create this Synagogue-Center. What we have,
I believe shows the result of enormous planning and
devotion. Yet each year carries with it its own obliga¬
tions and responsibilities as we build for tomorrow,
and we as for today.
My wife and I and our children appreciate that
you have accepted us into this enterprise and that you
have welcomed us so warmly. Now that we are in your
midst may we join you, and will you join us, in the
work that must be undertaken if we are to continue
to be worthy custodians of the heritage of Israel. We
are the heirs of a great record. Let us add our volume
to its glorious story.
Rabbi Jerome Lipnick
11
