President’s Message
With the approach of a New Year, let us all
resolve to make the coming one a better year than
the last.
We have experienced a year of unpleasant events;
personal tragedies in the lives of some of our members
which affected all of us; the reduction from five to
three grades in our Day School; the resignation of our
esteemed Rabbi Arnold Turetsky, who served us de¬
votedly and faithfully for the last three years, and
under whose inspiring spiritual leadership, the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center made great progress. Despite
all of that, we must look forward with hope, cheer and
courage, and strive to achieve a still higher standard
of Jewish consciousness through direct and personal
participation in the various phases of our Center ac¬
tivities.
One of our ‘musts’ is the elevation and intensifi¬
cation of adult education in our midst. The parents’
level of Hebrew education must at least be that of
their youngsters, otherwise, we are not building on a
solid foundation. We parents must allocate time for
Hebrew studies for the sake of our childrens’ future
in our American Jewish Community. We can do it
much more effectively by self-participation.
Since we are experiencing a severe financial crisis,
due to the higher cost of living, we ask your under¬
standing and willingness to sacrifice some of the lux¬
uries to which we have all become accustomed, and
support the Center more generously for the sake of
our traditional and spiritual survival. Let each one of
us feel a personal responsibility. This is OUR institu¬
tion. The Officers and Board of Directors are merely
your servants.
On behalf of the Congregation and myself, I want
to express our warm appreciation to Rabbi and Mrs.
Turetsky for their enrichment of Jewish content to
our Congregation, and extend our sincere good wishes
to them in all their future endeavors. May they and
their family always enjoy good health and may we
have the pleasure to hear good tidings from them.
My thanks to my predecessor, Mr. Philip Selber,
for his unlimited assistance given to me ever since I
JACK BECKER
President of the Congregation
assumed this office. The Congregation, through me,
wishes to express our deep gratitude to Mr. Ben Fried¬
man for his valuable cooperation and services; and to
our Personnel Chairman, Mr. Joseph Mizrahi and his
committee, for their diligent services which culminated
in the selection of Rabbi Jerome Lipnick as our new
spiritual leader.
Our heartiest and warmest welcome to you, Rabbi
and Mrs. Lipnick, and to your family. May your min¬
istry to our Congregation be rewarding and bring you
much spiritual fulfillment.
The Officers and Members of the Board of Direc¬
tors and the Board of Trustees join with me to extend
to each of you warm greetings and good wishes for a
year of well-being, peace and prosperity.
LESHANAH TOVAH
1111111111111111111111911111111111111111111
11111111111111111111111111 IIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII||||||||||||||I|||||||,,I|I|,||I,|||||,|,|II,||,I mmmm
mi
I ■ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I! I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ■■ I ■ I I I I I ■■ I I I ■■ 1 ■ ■ I I ■■■ I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
We should keep in mind that this Synagogue,
OUR Synagogue can go only as far as we are willing
to support it . . . with the benefits going to ourselves
and our families.
On behalf of the Board, I extend to you and your
families the wish for a Healthy, Happy and Prosperous
New Year. Le Shanah Tovah Tikatevu.
BURTON I. GROSSMAN
Chairman of the Board
17
