(Study)
mm
^jlj *| Ik the beginning GcxI created the |
ü ^ heaven and the earth.* Now the |
earth was unformed and void, and \
R^wasiWir ' "A darkness was opon the face of the \
'\í deep; and the spirit of God hovered ¡
*%»L&»^+>wkm | over the face of the waters. ’And ]
tdhoymif§§ God said: ‘Let there be light.' And i
^ere was hght. 4And God gawjJkaJ
1 When God began to create* the heaven and the earth-2the
earth being unformed and void, with darkness over the surface of
the deep and a wind from* God sweeping over the water-^God
said, “Let there be light"; and there was light. <God saw h^
ckvJ tb* h«ht God
The formation of the new translation
Torah
Students of Mrs. Carl Hackel’s Kindergarten Class
studying the Torah.
If you will look at the seal of the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center you will see three very
important words taken from the Ethics of the
Fathers. They are Torah, Avodah, Gemilat
Hasadim; Study, Prayer and Deeds of Kind¬
ness. For over 50 years the Jacksonville Jew¬
ish Center has used this as its credo. The
guiding force assisting us in the fulfillment of
these three precepts has been the United
Synagogue of America.
To illustrate Torah, we proudly point to our
school system starting with Kindergarten and
going all the way through high school. We
have worked ever closely with the United
Synagogue Commission on Jewish education
in seeing that our school system maintains
the high level that is expected of all conserva¬
tive congregations. We point with pride to
our adult education which takes its direction
from the National Academy for Adult Jewish
Studies. The Academy, as well as the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center has worked tirelessly
to create a climate for adult Jewish learning
and to raise standards in this important field.
In fact, second to the education of our chil¬
dren the activities of adult Jewish education
will determine the very future of our syna¬
gogue and our sister congregations through¬
out the United States. We point with pride to
our youth department ranging from the
Tween-Agers through senior United Syna¬
gogue youth groups and to the Ramah pro¬
gram that this synagogue encourages for our
youngsters. We point with pride to our ATID
group which in the past few years has emerged
as a fullfledged member of our synagogue.
These young adults have made Shabbat and
Torah something livable for our generation.
“On three things the world stands, Torah,
Prayer and Deeds of Kindness, our house of
worship is truly a house of Torah".
mop
(Prayer and Activity)
Besides meaning prayer, it means activity,
and this word is synonymous with the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center. The Center is truly a
center of activities, ranging from congrega¬
tional standards that concern themselves with
Jewish law, the Sabbath, Kashrut, public
functions, fund raising, Bar Mitzvah stan¬
dards, and the relationship with other con¬
gregations in the general community. We have
been a beacon of the Jacksonville community
12
