(S^enter
^Sisterhood
Torah Fund Brunch
In previous years our Center Year Book gave a
resume of what our Sisterhood accomplished during
the past year, the many affairs we sponsored and rec¬
ognition of all the women who worked. This year, not
to be different nor minimize what has been done in
the past or the many people who worked, we will look
ahead and visualize what our Sisterhood will do in
the future.
First and foremost our committee will assist our
youth, beginning with Nursery School and continuing
through Kindergarten, Foundation School, Sunday
School, Hebrew School, Girl Scouts and Brownies, Con¬
firmation Class to our ATID group (college level) and
continuing upward to our Adult Education classes,
Jewish Family Living, Israeli affairs and whatever the
needs may be to strengthen our Jewish way of life.
The above are our main concern but our members
also work towards raising funds to help support our
teaching staff and scholarships to Camp Ramah.
Patronize our Gift Shop, buy Barton’s Candy,
World Book Encyclopedias, Leagrams and have your
name embroidered on a tablecloth — this year we will
plan fund raising affairs. With our Executive Board
and the Chairman working together with all the Sister¬
hood members, we will have a rewarding and successful
year.
We also must look outside our community and
support the combined campaign for Torah Fund and
the Mathilde Schechter Residence Hall if we want our
children and future generations to get the best training
in our religion.
Changes are always a challenge, and if our pro¬
gramming and organization need revisions, we are will¬
ing to try new methods. Come to our meetings — ask
Mrs. Lewis Ansbacher, Mrs. Norman Slaff, the guest
speaker and Mrs. Jack Shorstein at the Torah Fund
Brunch.
questions — let us know your ideas — find out what
Sisterhood is and what it stands for — let us all pull
together and support our Sisterhood projects and our
children and grandchildren will benefit.
On behalf of the Officers and Board members, we
want to wish the entire congregation a Healthy, Happy
and Prosperous New Year.
Mrs. Leon Schinasi
39
