Rabbi Arnold S. Turetsky was the Rabbi of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center for the past three years.
The years have flown by swiftly but the accomplish¬
ments achieved will remain with us for a long time
to come.
His three years of service at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center were marked with increased attendance
at Shabbat Services, a revitalized adult education
program, the creation and development of our ATID
group which started as an experiment in June of 1965
and to date is operating with a great deal of effective¬
ness and success, the personal visits to the campus
grounds in Gainesville which made a bridge between
the students at school and their home synagogue. The
Rabbi and his wife, Noemie, will long be remembered
for the devoted way in which they instilled Judaism
among our members.
We truly will miss Rabbi Turetsky and his family,
and for these three years we say “Todah Rabah".
Rabbi Arnold S. Turetsky
iScope oj ¿inactivities
Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are
held daily, morning and evening in the Chapel. Friday
Family Services, Sabbath and Holiday Services are
observed in the Sanctuary throughout the year.
Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish
customs are observed in connection with Circumcision,
naming of girls,, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat
Mitzvah, Confirmation, Marriages, ,Conversion of Jud¬
aism, Bereavement.
Education — Daily Kindergarten and Nursery with
outstanding program of secular and religious content.
Hebrew School, carefully graded with intensive He¬
brew content. Sunday School, with a curriculum includ¬
ing Jewish history and customs, Solomon Schechter
Day School, a graded secular and Hebrew School, 1st
through 5th grade, with Pre-Jr., Junior, Teen and
Confirmation Congregations and Minyan Clubs.
Extension Services — Library, outstanding collection
of juvenile and adult Jewish books; Adult Education,
religious and cultural Jewish courses; Music, programs
of religious and cultural Jewish music; Sisterhood and
Men's Club; Social activities provided by Mr. and Mrs.
Club, Amity Club, “32 Club", Regency Club; Family
Recreation Program (Olympic Pool), summer week¬
days and Sundays for all ages at our Campsite.
Youth Activities — ATID for college age youth, United
Synagogue Youth, various age levels are served by
Center Youth League, Charles Palot Club, Major's Pre-
Teens, Tween-Agers; Scouting (Boy Scouts, Cub
Scouts, Brownies and Girl Scouts); Athletics, pro¬
grams for youth and adults; Day Camp — nine weeks
summer program at our 36 acre Campsite.
k
Family Recreation Program — Center Campsite . . .
ÍI Athletics, swimming, and snack bar is available during
I the summer months.
47
