RELIGIOUS EDUCATION
JACK SHORSTEIN
Chairman
TED GROSS
Principal
LOUIS SAFER
Co-Chairman
This is an age when every basic value is put to
question by teen-agers. Great stress has therefore been
placed in our curricular development on the High
School years. There were two obstacles: irregular begin¬
nings in the elementary department, and irregular at¬
tendance in the advanced department. A Code of
Requirements was therefore published and distributed
to all members. Comments on this Code from national
and regional sources have described it as courageous,
resourceful, and a milestone in the development of
Jewish education in Amrica.
Our Hebrew High School students have enabled
us to place Haftorah instruction where it belongs: as
training for the Jr. Congregational system. Thus Bar
and Bas Mitzvah candidates are expected to prepare
themselves for their ceremonies, with only occasional
aid from members of the staff.
In the Sunday Religious School, the entire High
School Department was concentrated in the hands
of a limited number of capable teachers, who have
much to give to their students. Together with con¬
trolled discipline procedures this has resulted in the
most effective teaching program ever offered on Sun¬
MRS.
SHELDON GENDZIER
Administrative Assistant
day mornings.
The Ramah summer camping scholarship program
of the Center has been published by the Southeastern
regional office of the United Synagogue and is being
used as a guide by many congregations. There are 18
prospective candidates for the 1967 summer season.
With 22 of our pupils in the Post Bar Mitzvah
Torah Reading Group, it has become common practice
to have them take over this function throughout the
year, except on Sabbaths when a pupil is being Bar
Mitzvah.
The Daily Kindergarten reached the highest en¬
rollment in its history attaining the number of 105
pupils and has resulted in three separate classes for
the five-year-old group.
In his visit here, the Assistant Director of the
United Synagogue Commission on Jewish Education
expressed surprise at the unusually extended activities
accepted by the members of our staff. We are thank¬
ful to them and to the members of the Educational
Committee under the chairmanship of Mr. Jack Shor-
stein for their devotd efforts.
MRS. A. ROSENZWEIG
School Secretary
67
