zz/^fctivi
v it íes
MRS. LOUIS SLOTT
Center Youth Chairman
IRWIN WIENER
Youth Director
GEORGE GLOSSMAN
Asst. Youth Director
At the Center a great deal of emphasis is placed
on the proper training and direction of the youth in
the congregation.
To insure its own future, every organization and
every movement needs to sponsor a youth department.
But, as stated in an editorial in the United Synagogue
Review, winter 1963 . . . “There is something distinc¬
tive about our concept of youth work which is unique
to the Conservative Movement. We have never re¬
garded youth work as merely group work or recrea¬
tional work. In our scheme of things, our all pervading
purpose is to bring the message of Judaism to our
young people, and everything in which we are engaged
is aimed at this purpose. In a real sense, therefore, our
youth work is educational work — informal education,
to be sure, but educational work nevertheless.” As
interested members of our congregation, we should not
lose sight of the fact that U. S. Y. should be treated
as an integral part of the educational program at the
Center.
The puropse of a U. S. Y. program is to offer to
our post-Bar Mitzvah youth social, cultural, educa¬
tional and religious activities on an informal, more
“palatable” level.
Obviously, U. S. Y. is not the only means of keep¬
ing children close to a synagogue and increasing a
child’s identification with Judaism. But it is the most
comprehensive method presently available. The sec-
cess of any particular U. S. Y. chapter is dependent
on the attitude taken by both the youth and their
parents. It is certainly dependent in large measure on
the active support of the Congregation — financially,
physically and personally.
This past year a National Pre USY Chapter was
chartered at the Center. It was formed from the com¬
bination of Major’s Pre-Teens and TweenAgers.
We look forward to another successful year of
accomplishments.
GEORGE GLOSSMAN
Assistant Youth Director
*
o
rejan
izations
Center Youth League (CYL) — A co-ed USY Chapter
for 11th and 12th graders meeting twice monthly on
Sunday from September to May.
Charles Palot Club (CPC) — USY Chapter for 9th
and 10th grade boys and girls, meeting throughout the
school year twice monthly on Sundays at the Center.
Major’s Pre-USY — A co-ed youth club for 5th to 8th
graders with varied social, religious, and athletic func¬
tions held monthly.
To this list is also added our sponsorship of Boy
Scouts ,Troop 14), Cub Scouts (Pack 14), Girl Scouts
(Troops 6 and 193) and Brownie Troops 219 and 269).
101
