lÁni ted
'ynacjocjMe
CENTER YOUTH LEAGUE
Officers of C. Y. L.: Miss Rita Weinstein, Advisor; Debby Morris, Morrey Edwards,
Gilda Goldman, Eliot Safer (President), Hilda Goldman, Gary Wolfson and Sherri Silverman.
Under the excellent leadership of Leonard Selber,
the Center Youth League began the year’s activities in
July. Throughout the summer informal groups met and
discussed current problems facing our Jewish youth.
Our U. S. Y.’ers went off to L. T. I. with renewed
spirits and returned to hold a gala opening dance and
beach party.
This year’s Tri-City Convention was hosted by
Jacksonville with Leon Yergin, Tri-City President,
Gail Price and Mendy Marks, the Convention Co-
Chairmen working towards a successful Conclave.
Throughout the year discussion groups continued,
along with several fund raising projects. In March the
annual Passover macaroon sale paved the way for the
establishment of a U. S. Y. Scholarship Fund. Jack
Mizrahi helped double last year’s sales which will pro¬
vide scholarships for deserving members to attend
conclaves. The first scholarships were given to Leonard
Selber, Jack Mizrahi and Peggy Cohen for the Re¬
gional Convention in Atlanta.
The year came to a close with the Annual Ban¬
quet and Installation of next year’s officers. It marked
the departure of many faithful U. S. Y. workers and
the arrival of a new group of outstanding leaders.
Jack Mizrahi and Gail Price were the recipients of
the awards for outstanding boy and girl in the Center
Youth League.
We are looking forward to the success of the
coming year under new leadership and the added im¬
petus of having three newly chosen Regional Chairman
in our midst.
CHARLES PALOT CLUB
Officers of C. P. C.: Wendy Fraden, Barbara Talpalar, Mayer Becker (President),
Donna Price, Cynthia Safer, Jeffery Morris, and Mrs. Rene Slott Montaigne.
There are three main facets of United Synagogue
Youth: Learning, helping others and having a good
time with our Jewish friends. Through our programs,
Charles Palot Club was active in all three respects.
We had many programs on study this year, both
religious and secular. Our study groups after Friday
evening services entitled us to a Regional study group
award. We had a speaker from Israeli bonds, a repre¬
sentative from the Florida Highway Patrol and a
Psychologist speak to us.
One of the most worthwhile activities was con¬
ducting services for River Garden one Shabbos, and
then entertaining the residents with Israeli singing and
dancing. We sponsored a booth at the Sisterhood Han-
ukah Fair and had a car wash to raise money for
Building Spiritual Bridges. This year at Regional Con¬
vention in Atlanta our sixteen delegates presented the
region with a check for $150 for B. S. B. We had
dances, a beach party and bowling-dinner parties.
As you can see, this past year has been a most
busy and successful one for C. P. C. Many thanks are
due our Advisor, Mrs. Rene Slott Montaigne, for all
her efforts on behalf of our organization.
This summer also will be active for U. S. Y.’ers.
Besides our eighteen delegates to L. T. I. at Hender¬
sonville, N. C., one other U. S. Y’er, Eliot Safer, is
going on U. S. Y. on Wheels for six weeks, touring
the United States with about 40 other USY’ers.
105
