1966 C
enter
2\v/ C
amp
Located on a beautifully wooded 36 acre tract of
land on State Road No. 13, the Center Day Camp has
completed a very successful 21st season.
Under the supervision of Mrs. Louis Slott, Direc¬
tor, and Jerrold Cohn, Assistant Director, a well diver¬
sified program of the finest instruction in Water sports,
Arts and Crafts, Nature, Athletics and physical fitness
has been offered to all Jewish children between the
ages of 4 to 14.
Our qualified staff who have been trained in our
own Counselor-in-Training program have done an ex¬
cellent job in giving special attention to the needs of
the individual camper.
Directed by Bruce Yergin, our Red Cross trained
instructors have taught many to swim and all campers
to feel at home in the water. Asa member of the Na¬
tional Water Skiing Association, our Camp, under the
capable direction of Barry Setzer, has offered a full
program of skiing to our campers.
Arts and Crafts, supervised by Mrs. M. J. Reiser
(Aunt Tillie) and her well trained staff, offer the finest
program of any Camp in this area.
Mrs. Richard Nykerk, Secretary; Jerrold Cohn, Assistant
Director; Mrs. Louis Slott, Director
As a progressive Camp we are constantly adding
to our program and this year the special Shabbat
observance on Friday, with the entire Camp participat¬
ing in prayer, games and Israeli songs and dances,, has
been highly accepted.
Other popular additions to our program have been
the monkey rope, out-of-door sketching in pencil and
charcoal and taking care of the camp pets, rabbits,
chickens and hamsters.
Listed among the most popular trips arranged by
the program director, Jack Fleet, have been the Chil¬
dren’s Museum, Zoo, Cummer Art Gallery, Haydon
Bums Library, Coca-Cola, Frito-Lays„ Bowling and
the Kiddie Show at Florida Theatre.
As our Comp continues to grow we look forward COUNSELOR-IN-TRAINING Class with their Instructor Jerrold
to becoming the largest and finest Day Camp in the Cohn. Best C. I. T. Awards presented to Arlene Dittman and
southeast. Michael Witten.
Camp Director, Mrs. Louis Slott; Asst. Director, Mr. Jerrold Cohn; Arts and Crafts, Mrs. Tillie
Reiser; Water-front Director, Bruce Yergin; Instrm tors, Frank Moss, Steve Klausner, Michelle Yergin;
Skiing, Barry Setzer; Senior Counselors, Hannah 1 ink, Holly Lodinger, Susan Gendzier, Anita Mesnick,
Pam Reich, Sandra Agress, Sandi Reich, Marvin Slott, Jack Fleet, Avery Weiss and Jack Bettman.
Asst. Counselors, Charlet Lind, Michael Backer, Mark Gradman, Shelley Newman. Advanced CIT’s,
Andrea De Bruin, Robin Ganson, Laurie Usdin, Debbie Michaelson, Sheila Mesnick, Beth Lesnick,
Mark Rosner, Bruce Caslar and Richard Ghelerter.
115
