72
iver
1966-1967
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
First Vice-President Mrs. I. P. Edwards
Second Vice-President Mrs. Myron Rosenberg
Third Vice-President Mrs. J. Paul Witten
Recording Secretary Mrs. Larry Richter
Financial Serretary Mrs. Albert Kofka
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Sam Lazarus
Treasurer (General) Mrs. Sam Siegel
Treasurer (Projects) Mrs. Louis Witten
River Garden Auxiliary is entering its 43rd year
of “Service with a Heart”. Formerly known as Ladies
Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society, this organization was
founded by a group of dedicated women who dreamed
of having a home for Jewish aged in Jacksonville. In
1946 their dream became a reality and last year by
unanimous vote, the name of Ladies Aid was offi¬
cially changed to River Garden Auxiliary befitting the
primary role of the organization.
The Auxiliary provides the extra budgetary needs
as furnishing, redecorating, air conditioning, kitchen
and infirmary equipment, and hobby shop materials.
Funds are raised through our Tombola, Donor, social
printing projects, as well as annual dues and life mem¬
berships. Linen at the Home is replenished through
our annual Linen Shower affair.
In the field of service, Ladies Aid sponsors activity
and volunteer programs. Residents participate in proj¬
ects served by the Auxiliary such as ceramic and art
classes, hobby shop, resident’s magazine. Special par¬
ties are planned for Mother’s Day, Father’s Day and
Chanukah. Personal service to the residents is rendered
Officers of River Garden Auxiliary
by our Red Cross volunteers. Our members also pro¬
vide door-to-door transportation for non residents to
attend the weekly Golden Sunshine meetings, held at
River Garden. This autonomous group emerged from
River Garden Auxiliary sponsored weekly senior citi¬
zens meetings. We continue to lend support and guid¬
ance to the group. A monthly bridge party is held
providing residents the opportunity to play bridge with
members of the Auxiliary.
As our new year rolls around, we pledge our con¬
tinued devotion and service to River Garden and its
residents in the hope that we can help bring some
measure of comfort and meaning to their lives.
Compliments
GREETINGS
R. L TRUMP & SON
— GENERAL CONTRACTOR —
INSURANCE SPECIALISTS
INC.
Complete Insurance Facilities
1045 Veronica
Phone 389-3325
American Heritage Life Building
354-3781
AL SAGER VOLKSWAGEN
YOUR SOUTHSIDE VOLKSWAGEN DEALER
2118 KINGS AVE. U. S. No. I SOUTH 359-2181
Patronize Our Advertisers — They Deserve Your Support
177
