RIVER GARDEN HOME
SAMUEL J. THIER, President
O F F I (
Samuel J. Thier President
Sheldon Gendzier Executive Vice President
Chairman, Admissions Board
S. William Goldstein Vice President
Co-chairman, Admissions Board
Donald D. Cohn Vice President
Co-chairman, Admissions Board
Eli Becker Vice President
Albert M. Kofka Vice President
Chairman, Public Relations
William Goldman Co-chairman, Public Relations
❖ ❖ ❖
1946 - 1966
Two decades of River Garden’s service to the aged and
infirm was celebrated and honored in 1966. It was an occasion
of rejoicing that so much was accomplished and an occasion of
reflecting on what is ahead in the field of aging.
In 1946, River Garden was a brand new social experiment
in community responsibility for the care of some of its elderly
members. It was not so new since the fifth Mosaic command¬
ment, “Honor thy mother and father” had been in vogue for
about 5,000 years; but the idea of a home for the aged for small
Florida communities was not the most popular of projects.
Social needs quickly proved the validity of the dreams
of that gallant group of women in Ladies Hebrew Sheltering
Aid Society. Their efforts were first justified in 1947 when
ground was broken for the South Building, and again when
ground was broken in 1955 for the North Building.
E R S
Mrs. David Meyerhardt Vice President
Chairman, Residents Welfare
Dr. Harry Yoffee Vice President, Medical Director
Norman Hofheimer Secretary
Sol Katz Treasurer
Sidney Entman Executive Director
Lily Volotin Administrative Assistant
HONORARY PRESIDENTS
Ira Stein Irving Klepper
Harry Gendzier Joe Becker
Dr. Sam Witten Arthur J. Gutman
* *
The final approval and accolades for their vision occurred
when the original wooden mansion was replaced by the 4-story
Wolfson Memorial Building. Thus, from a modest faciilty
housing eleven elderly people, the Home now accommodates
110 aged and infirm residents in up-to-date and modern
buildings.
Buildings in themselves do not provide living experiences
but are only vehicles in which activities take place. It is the
broad gamut of medical, nursing, religious, recreational, social
and personal services which create the warmth and efficiency
of a “home”. It is staff, volunteers, and the community who
care which create the climate of River Garden.
As the Home faces the challenges of the next decade, we
do know that we will soon build again as plans for the Eugenia
Coleman Memorial Building are being formulated. The idea
of housing for the elderly is still maturing. Other projects
and other needs as they become formalized will be met with
the same zeal and ardor as demonstrated these past twenty
years.
SEASON'S GREETINGS
S. LUNDY'S SONS
UNDERWOOD
9343 3rd Ave.
(lecveterd
Three Fine Stores To Serve You
PHILADELPHIA, PA. 19123
299 Hogan Street Phone 353-1222
2016 San Marco Phone 398-6482
Roosevelt Mall Phone 388-5406
Mention the Center Year Book when Patronizing our Advertisers
175
