<Wationa / C ounci l of JewiJ. CW<
omen
JACKSONVILLE SECTION
OFFICERS
President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Corres. Secretary ....
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Financial Secretary
... Mrs. Joel Goldman
... Mrs. Paul J. Witten
... Mrs. Melvin Esman
... Mrs. Joseph Mason
Mrs. Morris Elterman
.... Mrs. Lloyd Roberts
... Mrs. Bernard Kaye
Mrs. Stanley Vandroff
.... Mrs. Sydney Weiss
MRS. JOEL GOLDMAN
The members of the Jacksonville Section of the
National Council of Jewish Women ask the community
for their assistance in carrying out the various projects:
1. Juvenile Shelter — We are the only civic group
offering planned, year-round programs and activities for
children desperately in need of help.
2. We collect and donate new clothing for indig¬
ent children.
3. Mental Health Fair — Our annual program and
and seminar, jointly sponsored with the Mental Health
Association of Duval County, increases public under¬
standing in this field.
4. Teachers' Aid — Our trained members aid
classroom teachers with academic instruction of chil¬
dren with speech and hearing handicaps.
5. Women in Community Service (WICS) — We
screen underprivileged girls ages 16 thru 21 for the
Job Corps Training Centers.
6. Sewing Committee — We make layettes for
distribution to the needy.
7. Medical Loan Shelf — Through the Visiting
Nurse Association, we supply hospital and sick room
equipment to the indigent in our community.
8. Senior Citizens Program — We sponsor “Edu¬
cation Day" for Senior Citizens. Leading doctors and
social workers conduct this free program for all Senior
Citizens groups.
9. Pre-school Vision Screening — Our trained vol¬
unteers test the eyes of pre-school children in Duval
County for Ambalyopia (lazy eye blindness).
O'he (^Lsvenincj Cjroup
N. C. J. W.
Chairman Mrs. Gertrude Patterson
Liason with Day Group Miss Bertha Levison
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Pete Rosenblum
Treasurer Mrs. Minna Geller
Recording Secretary Mrs. Mary Katz
The Evening Group of N. C. J. W. meets monthly at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and provides programs at River Garden, makes educational
cards for the speech and hearing school program, packs toys and supplies
for Israeli kindergartens and also packs boxes of supplies for the Duval
Medical Center.
185
