s.
enior
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Abe Newman
Vice-President
(Fund Raising) .... Mrs. Maurice Goldstein
Vice-President
(Program) Mrs. David Goodman
Vice-President
(Membership) Mrs. A. Ira Fink
Vice-President
(Education) Mrs. David Lewis
Treasurer Mrs. Jack Shorstein
Recording Secretary Mrs. Norman Moss
Financial Secretary Mrs. Mac Presser
The local chapter of Hadassah was formed in
1925. It is one of the largest organizations for Jewish
women in Jacksonville. Almost 750 women boast
membership in the chapter and annually seek to raise
quotas totaling nearly $17,500.
The chief fund raising project for this year will
be a Thrift Shop. Merchandise in top notch condition
will be sold. Another new innovation is the forming of
a young matrons group.
Hadassah projects are two-fold. On the American
scene, an educational program, a youth activities pro¬
gram, the Young Judaeans, Junior Hadassah, co-
Mrs. Abe Newman, President
sponsored with Z. O. A., and Camp Judaea in Hender¬
sonville, North Carolina. Hadassah Medical Organiza¬
tion, Youth Alipah, Jewish National Fund, and Voca¬
tional Education are its projects in Israel.
Hadassah meets on the second Tuesday of each
month from September through May. This year's cal¬
endar will offer a variety of activities to meet the
educational and social needs of each member.
The Jacksonville Chapter announces a new group
for young women, under the chairmanship of Mrs.
Lewis Young.
iniiuiiiiiiiiiMiifiitmt
venincj
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Minna Geller
Vice-President
(Education) Mrs. Leonard Saraga
Vice-President
(Membership) Mrs. Samuel Sherter
Vice-President
(Program) Mrs. Alfred Rosenzweig
Vice-President
(Fund Raising) Mrs. Richard Angorn
Honorary Vice-President and
Donor Chairman Miss Lottie Salzman
Treasurer Mrs. George Ringold
Financial Secretary Mrs. A1 Sinoff
Recording Secretary Mrs. Stanley Weintraub
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Albert Bressler
This evening group of Hadassah comprises over
100 members, most of whom are business and profes¬
sional women who are only able to attend evening
meetings, but also many non-working women for
whom evening meetings are more convenient. Meet¬
ings are in the Jacksonville Jewish Center the second
Monday of each month. Fund raising and education
are stressed with monthly programs highlighting these
themes. A very successful season was terminated with
a dinner meeting at the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
catered by Mrs. Philip Gottlieb.
183
