an
J CAM,
ven s
s.
ervices
LOUIS ANSBACHER
OFFICERS
President Louis Ansbacher
Vice-President Bennett Hirsh
Vice-President Dr. Morris Price
Vice-President Dr. Jack Snider
Vice-President Bert Whitfield
Treasurer David Moss
Executive Director .... Lawrence Rackow
LAWRENCE RACKOW
— FOR ALL PEOPLE —
1. Family and Individual Counseling
2. Adoption Program
3. Foster Home Care
4. Services to Senior Citizens
5. Employment and Vocational Counseling
6. New American Resettlement and Restitution Pro¬
grams
7. Short Term Financial Assistance
8. Transient Program (for persons passing through
town)
9. Program to help Persons in Prison
10. Day Camp and College Scholarship Programs
11. Friendly Visiting Program
Interpersonal problems cut through all levels. Rich
or poor, highly educated or illiterate, prominent or
humble, there are times and situations when help is
is needed. A professional staff, alone or backed by the
skills and services of the many cooperating doctors,
dentists, lawyers and rabbis and the varied services of
its sister agencies locally and nationally, are available
to help the individuals find solutions to many vexing
probems.
Fonded in 1917 as the United Jewish Charities,
the Jewish Family & Children’s Services, Inc., is now
entering its 50th year of service. For the youth pro¬
fession of social work and particularly for the small
community in which it grew, its history is compara¬
tively long and rich — reflecting both the traditional
Jewish emphasis on family life and tsedakah, and the
constant search to absorb and utilize the current in¬
sights to meet the ever changing needs of individuals
which make up the community.
Our present emphasis on services as a right, for
all levels of the economic and social ladder is a far
cry from “charity for the needy and the worthy poor”
as are the varied confidential professional services of
the staff from the limited activities of half a century
ago. The names, need, times and techniques have
changed but the deeply ingrained concern for one’s
fellow man and the modest but pioneering spirit that
caused the Jewish Welfare Society to be the first
and, for many years, the only Jewish licensed child
placing agent in the state, that caused it to explore
the needs for a child guidance clinic and to start a
demonstrating non-sectarian agency in the only city
in the United States that did not have one, are inspir¬
ations worthy of emulation by each generation.
— 50 YEARS OF HELPFULNESS —
s
eanne
^4U oH’s <J~Cair ^as hi
ions
Jeanne Abbott
3314 BEACH BLVD.
PRESENTS ...
A FABULOUS
NEW CONCEPT IN
HAIR COLORING
... A MACHINE
THAT SAVES HOURS
PHONE 359-2236
Now no more needless waiting and wasting of time. You can have
your touch-up done on your lunch hour — TINTS 5 to 8 MINUTES.
BLEACH & TONES 8 to 12 MINUTES.
Jeanne Abbott offers you free counseling in all phases of Beauty
Services: HAIR COLORING, Permanent Waving, Corrective Make-
Up or whatever your needs might be. Miss Abbott is on hand to
assist both patron and operator at all times.
Miss Abbott Says,
"There are no ugly women — just lazy ones, every woman can look
lovelier with more know-how." GIVE MISS ABBOTT A CALL TO¬
DAY AND LET HER HELP YOU WITH YOUR BEAUTY NEEDS!
Patronize Our Advertisers — Use the Yellow Pages
179
