THE JEWISH CENTER
V
• •«I
2) TOE CENTER SYNA¬
GOGUE has succeeded in sat¬
isfying the religious needs of the Or¬
thodox and Conservative Jews of our com¬
munity. The daily JVlinyon > conducted in
the Prayer Room, morning and evening, is used by
members and non members alike- On Sabbaths and
festivals our religious services are open to the pubic and are
always atended by many visitors. On Rosh Hashonah and
Yom Kippur, special provisions are made to serve all Jews
in the community. The conservative minded, to which group
most of our members belong, are given a modern, dignified
traditional service in the main Synagogue» while the more
orthodox group are accomodated in the Center auditorium,
where the strict Orthodox ritual is observed.
1) THE JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER, since its inception, has been striving
to serve the Jewish community with a program of activities that is all embracing.
While it is mainly a religious institution, the Center sponsors also an extensive
a
educational and cultural program. Its services are not limited to members
vv only. It caters to all Jewish groups and aids every worthwhile Jewish
undertaking. It is, therefore, the home of the great majority of Jewish
organizations in the community. On the followng two pages will
be found a brief outline of the manifold ways in which the
Center serves the Jewish Community of Jacksonville.
3) THE RABBI OF THE CENTER is a graduate of the
Jewish I heological Seminary of America, Wayne Univer¬
sity and Columbia University. Rabbi JM. O. Margolis is
just completing ten years of service to the Jewish community
oí Jacksonvile. During that period, which included years
of deepest depression, the Rabbi has given all of his time
and energy to maintaining and serving every form of com¬
munal activity, within and outside the walls of the Center-
His services are never limited to members. The non
member as well as the member» (receive his court- t
/
eous attention and his service. I he transient and /
the poor receive a friendly word and a
helping hand.
/
V
/
/
• ••
/
4
4) THE EDUCATIONAL ACTIVITIES OF
JT T
f I HE CEN I ER make pos sib I e a well rounded program
w
oí Jewish education for both young and old. A daily Heb¬
rew School offers an intensive course in Hebrew and Bible. J he
Sunday School provides for an eleven year curriculum in Jewish
History, Customs and Cermonies and Jewish Ethics. No Jewish child
in Jacksonville has ever been denied a Jewish education because parents were
unable to pay for the Jewish education of their children. Adult Classes are
also provided by the Center. J hese are affil iated with the National Academy for
Jewish studies, sponsored by the Jewish 1 heological Seminary of America
IT DESERVES YOUR SUPPORT
—
Page Twenty-eight
