Mrs. Joseph Strauss, President
Jacksonville Chapter of
Hadassah
Has Outstanding Year
Hadassah is the Women s Zionist Or¬
ganization of America whose purpose it
is to assist in the upbuilding and main¬
taining of Palestine as a national Jewish
homeland. The marvelous accomplish¬
ments there in the past 25 years have
been greatly due to this group of women.
Had assah has undertaken the task of
making Palestine a country both habit¬
able and healthful. Through the estab¬
lishment of a net-work of medical clinics,
hospitalization, nursing service and mod¬
ern methods of sanitation, Hadassah has
practically abolished the dread of malaria
and trachoma and has made Palestine as
livable as any place on earth.
Hadassah s work reaches out to desti¬
tute children from Europe and makes it
possible for them to find safety in this
new home. Through Youth Aliyah, it
has helped transfer, settle and educate
in Palestine some 8,000 of these young
people, who are beginning to show how
valuable a contribution they can make
toward achieving a democratic victory.
Between October 1940 and 1941 a total
of 1250 were able to get to Palestine. De-
spite war conditions, continued immigra¬
tion into Palestine is still possible through
Youth Aliyah channels.
One of the most important phases o(
the work of Hadassah is the Child Wel¬
fare program, the aim of which is to check
malnutrition among the school children
of Palestine by providing them with nour¬
ishing meals. 4 his project is now (eed-
ing 25,000 schoo I child ren through its
school luncheons and providing a year-
round check up on child health through
its 47 infant welfare stations and its
school hygiene program in clubs, kinder¬
gartens, elementary and secondary
schools throughout Palestine. Through
the I hrift Luncheons here, the local
chapter raises its quota for this fund.
Linens and clothing gathered through
the annual linen shower and the sewing
groups that meet throughout the year,
supply many useful garments for hospi¬
tals and refugees. The Palestine Supplies
committee also is sending to Palestine
some 30 tons of supplies — drugs, equip¬
ment, food and clothing each month.
In the new land areas that have been
acquired by the Jewish National Fund
in the crucial period of 1941-42, Hadas¬
sah has a considerable share in which
it takes justifiable pride. Through its box
collections here, and the sale of tree cer¬
tificates, this organization gives valuable
assistance to this fund.
I hrough its Donors affair and the an¬
nual fall dance, the Jacksonville Chapter
contributes its share for the Hadassah
Medical Organization fund, which is
used to maintain Hadassah s vast med¬
ical and public health system in Pales¬
tine. Because of the war emergency and
because of the thousands of impoverished
refugees who are reaching Palestine,
Hadassah has had to expand its health
program. 1 hey have provided for hun¬
dreds of extra hospital beds and have
established a large hospital fund for the
purpose of giving free hospitalization to
indigent patients.
I his year that has reached so high a
mark of service in Palestine is also rich
in development and service on the Amer¬
ican scene. In accordance with Hadas¬
sah s program ol education, the chapter
here conducts a study group, a monthly
Oneg Shabbat gathering, and each month
presents a specific phase of Hadassah s
program by one of the committee chair¬
men.
In the realm ol defense work, a survey
shows that the majority of our member¬
ship has participated in at least one of
the many phases: first-aid nutrition, air
raid shelter, Red Cross sewing and knit¬
ting and bandage rolling. Our chapter has
made contributions to the Red Cross, to
the Blood Bank, to the U. S. O. and
with magazine subscriptions to the U.
S.O. We also worked with the Junior
League in collecting blankets and were
success ful in obtaining 86 blankets from
our members for this project. A number
of dances were given for the service men,
and the Business and Professional Wom¬
en’s Division sponsored some very en¬
tertaining house parties for the men in
the service.
Our chapter was very active in the
sale of tuberculosis seals, contributed to
the administrative fund of the nursery
schools maintained here for children of
working parents. Individual contributions
were made to the Council for the pre¬
vention of cancer, through the efforts of
a chairman appointed by our chapter.
An inspiring and stimulating contribu¬
tion to Jacksonville Jewry was our South¬
eastern Regional Conference, which
brought us Mrs. Moses P. Epstein, Mi ss
Edith Bukspan and many other brilliant
speakers.
Membership is the foundation upon
which Hadassah s entire program rests
and its progress is revealed in the addi¬
tion of 67 new members during the past
year.
I he Business and Prof essional Wom¬
en’s Division is a part of Senior Hadas¬
sah and this group has made remarkable
strides in the past year. The membership
has increas ed from 30 to 52 and they
have participated in every Senior Hadas¬
sah phase, by assuming a definite quota
for every project and in every instance
fulfilling the pledge.
Page One-hundred-three
