SERVES THE ( OMMUNITY
5) THE CENTER RADIO PROGRAM ov er station WJAX is a service to the com¬
munity of Jacksonville and to our neighbor communities, which received much com¬
mendation and praise during the past five years from both Jew and Gentile. Center
programs heard over a wide area, helped to conteract anti-Semetic propaganda
and served to enlighten both Jew and Gentile regarding the essential beleifs
and teachings of the Jewish religion. As aresult of these radio programs /
a number of Christian and Jewish organizations and individuals in /
neighboring towns were moved to contribute to various Jewish causes.
V
• I
*
\
8) CLUBS AND ORGANIZATIONS, charitable, \
fraternal, Zionist and social meet regularly in the Center v\^
and utilize its facilities for lectures, concerts and social under-
takings. 1 he following organizations last year utilized Cente?
facilities: I he Daughters of Israel, Senior? Junior, and B. and I .
W. Hadassah, Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society, B nai B rith,
Young Judean Clubs, A.Z.A. Fraternity, Jax Commercial Alliance
J he Progressive Society and Credit Union, Boy Scouts? J roop 14, Cub
Scouts, Girl Scouts, J roop 2, Jewish Community Council, Jewish War '
Veterns and Ladies Auxiliary, The Zionist District, and Masada. In addition
the Center auditorium was the scene of many dances sponsored on Saturday
nights and Sunday afternoons by the Ar my and Navy Committee of ih e Jewish
Welfare Board for the service men in this vicinity. I he Center auditorium was also
utilized by the Duval County Defense Cou ncil for neighborhood Air Raid Meetings and
lor the training of auxiliary police.
6) THE JEWISH CENTER
CEMET ERY is administered by the
f Cemetery Committee in a dignified manner.
J he grounds are beautiful and well maintained.
Although use of the Cemetery is restricted to Center
members, persons unable to afford Center membership are
extended cemetery privileges. The Chesed Shel Emeth Fund
makes possible free burial for indigent persons. The final
rites are performed by the Chevra Kadisha Committee in
accordance with orthodox ritual.
^ ^ UNIQUE SERVICE to the Jewish Community was
rendered by the Jacksonville Jewish Center, through its part
in the revival of the Y. M. H. A. The movement for the rest¬
oration of the dormant Y. M. H. A. was started about four
years ago by the Jewish Men’s Club, which came in existence
at the instigation of Rabbi Margolis. The movement gained
momentum, but its progress was blocked by lack of funds and
a suitable budding. Last January the Center bought the
building adjoining it on Third Street and offered it to the
M. H. A. for its use as a temporary or permanent
home. Subsequently a nearby lot was purchased by the
v Center which will make possible an extensive
V athletic program for the newly organized Y. M.
H. A. I his act of service on the part of one
organization to another, is unique in the his¬
tory of Jewish communities and is typical
vv the splendid spirit of cooperation
N which prevails in our community.
V
• ••
BECOME A MEMBER TODAY
Page 7 iverity-nine
