ZIONIST DISTRICT
OF JACKSONVILLE
Zionism is a tradition of long standing in Jacksonville.
In the past it found expression through various organizations
which came into existence from time to time, such as the
B nai Zion and the Progressive Society. 7 he Zionist sen¬
timent was always very strong and the response of the com¬
munity to Zionist fund raising efforts was excellent. How¬
ever? aside from the Hadassah, there was no well organized
adult group. In September, 1939 th e local district of the
Zionist Organization of America, which was inactive for
many years, was reorganized with Ben Stein as president.
Mr. Stein was suceeded by I. M. Leiberman in 1940, who
in turn relinquished his office to Harry Katz, incumbent in
October 1941.
D uring the past year the organization made considerable
progress in the enrollment of new members which at present
number 116.
A number oí cultural events were sponsored by the
organization. Some o( these were held in cooperation with
the Hadassah and Masada groups. I he most successful events
were the Brandéis Memorial Meeting? which was held on
November 2, 1941 and was addressed by Charles E. Bennet
and Rabbi Morris D. Margo! is and a lecture given by
M aurice Samuels on March 8th under the auspices of
the district. Both events were well attended and left a deep
impression. On December 5? Harry Katz, president, was the
guest speaker at a special Friday night service sponsored by
the district. 1 he speaker gave an inspiring report of the
Southeastern District Convention. On February 23 the film
‘This Is I he Land was shown at an open meeting which
well attended.
During the past year two members of the District were
inscribed in the Chaim Weitzman Golden Book of the J.
N. F. Rev. and Mrs. J. Robin, on the occasion of their
fiftieth wedding anniversary were thus honored by Alex
Robin , Jack Becker, and Abe Newman. Mr. I. M. Leiberman
was similarly honored by his family on the occassion of his
sixtieth birthday.
The J. N. F. collections were very successfully carried
out? the 1 isha B’Ab campaign alone netting over one hun¬
dred dollars. This was made posible through the efforts of
Mr. Sam Smith and Mr. Jack Becker.
The work of the district was considerably helped by
)Ccasionaf visits of Mr. Adefbert Freedman, Executive Direct¬
or of the Southeastern region. I he District is looking for¬
ward to a similarly active year during 1943.
Officers
President
Vice President
Secretary
Ireasurer
Harry Katz
- Dr. S am Witten
Murray Glickstein
Jack Becker
v - —
Page Seventy-eight
if
