/>
Rabbi M. D. Margolis
Hyman Selber
David Gershon
Miri
am
Spitz
Year Book Staff
In a Democracy, matters pertaining to the spirit are as
important during war as matters pertaining to physical needs.
It is good to see democratic peoples fighting from within and
without to perpetuate those matters which will bring about
the ultimate recognition by all peoples of the Fatherhood of
God and the brotherhood of man.
This 39th Annual Center Yearbook which is published
during the year that our country is at war, symbolizes the
faith of the American that those labors devoted to the glory
of God will endure, while those labors devoted to the nazi-
fascist concept of blood and soil will perish.
The Yearbook is a picture of a section of the American
community at work. It portrays the educational, religious,
philanthropic, and recreational progress made by one insti¬
tution within the democratic framework—the Jewish Center.
Other institutions within this framework have made similar
progress.
Matters of the spirit, however, cannot be successful with¬
out the loyalty, cooperation, and tireless efforts o f the mem¬
bers of the institution. It is only fitting and proper, thereiore,
COMPLIMENTS OF
Monroe Calculating Machine Co.
INC.
CALCULATING — ADDING-LISTING — BOOKKEEPING
CHECK WRITING MACHINES
300 Rogers Building
Phone 5-1080
NEW YEAR GREETINGS
AVONDALE PAINT STORE
RELIABLE PAINTERS—PAPERHANGERS
FLOOR SANDERS
FREE ESTIMATES
3616 St. Johns Avenue N
Page Bight
Phone 2-5511
that we express our thanks to those who have made this
Yearbook a reality. Mr. H. Selber? responsible for the finan¬
cial and general management of the Yearbook, and Miss M.
Spitz, gave numberless hours after the days work to make this
book a success; Rabbi M. D. Margo lis edited the many write¬
ups and wrote many of the articles which give color and
content to the book. Miss Ethei Joel devoted much of her
time to the solicitation of of New Year Greetings, and
Mr. D avid Gershon worked hard and long hours to
obtain the advertisements which fill the book. To all of these
we owe a deep debt of gratitude—may we have many more
such faithful workers.
We also wish to express our thanks to the advertisers
who have helped to make this book a financial success. We
hope that the readers will remember them when they could
use tkeir services.
Let us pray that next year this Yearbook will be dedi¬
cated to the celebration of a just and victorious peace for all
peoples, and that the coming New Year will bring us closer
to God and our fellowmen.
GREETINGS
N O B B S
INSURANCE
204 Liggett Bldg.
Phone 5-2269
COMPLIMENTS
THE SCHWOB CO.
37 West Forsyth Street
