sv
JEWISH WELFARE SOCIETY
1942
Dave Davis, President
Throughout the years of its existence,
the Jewish Welfare Society of Jackson¬
ville, an agency of the local Community
Chest, has endeavored to serve the Jew¬
ish needy of the community. It has been
the aim of the Society, not only to relieve
the immediate, pressing needs of the less
fortunate, but also to rehabilitate them
to the point at which they are able to
meet their own situations. During the
past year about five hundred (500) cases
received assistance from this organization.
Problems dealt with have included un¬
employment, old age, chronic and acute
illnesses, dependency of children, trans¬
portation and insufficient income.
The Jewish Welfare Society continues
to co-operate with the National Refugee
Service, Inc., of New York. Funds for
this purpose are supplied by the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Community Council. J he
organization is endeavoring to see to it
that every American not only accepts the
new-comer, but also recognizes his value
as a citizen with much to contribute to
the democratic way of life. And in their
turn, today, many refugee boys are serving
in the United States Army, while scien¬
tists and inventors among them are giv¬
ing freely of their learning and experience
in order to further the war e ffort.
Since America entered the war vast
changes have also taken place in local
conditions. Millions of men either al¬
ready are, or will be in the armed serv¬
ices by the end o f the year. This condi¬
tion has, of course, reduced unemploy¬
ment sharply. But while the Social
Agencies have less unemployment with
which io contend, new burdens have
been added through war time responsi¬
bilities.
Many have asked the question, How
will conditions affect the Jewish Welfare
Society?” And Mrs. Estelle G. Stern,
the executive secretary, answers by stat¬
ing: 'There has been marked increase
in the cost of living and we have had to
increase the allowances to our families
and unattached people. Many Jewish
doctors and dentists, who have given
their services gratis to our clients, have
volunteered for war duty. We will have
an increase of cases of middle-aged men
who, through priorities of war materials
wi ii i ose their positions in small business¬
es. It will be very difficult to find foster
home care for our children, because fam¬
ilies are too upset to take in children, even
if an increased rate for board is offered.
Nursing home care has increased and it
wi II be difli cult to secure practical nurses.
We are faced with a housing problem.
It is almost impossible to lind apartments.
At the annual meeting ol the Jewish
Welfare Society honors were conferred
on D avid Davis and Miss Cassie Joel.
Mr. Davis, who has been president of
the organization for twenty-two (22)
years, was presented with a wrist watch
from the board members, while Miss
Joel, chairman of the hospital committee,
who has been with the association since
its inception, was given a radio.
J he Jewish Welfare Society wishes
to take cognizance of the excellent co¬
operation received from the following
local agencies: the Ladies Hebrew Shel¬
tering Aid Society; the Duval Family
Welfare Board; the Duval County Hos¬
pital; the Girl Scouts; the District and
State Welfare Boards; the Legal Aid
Association the State Rehabilitation De¬
partment; the Tuberculosis Association,
and the Duval County Health Unit.
A fine opportunity is offered those
wishing to assist in the unselfish work
of this organization, and at the same
time, to remember their loved ones on
occasions of either joy or sorrow, through
the FI ower Memorial Fund. When the
fragrance of Howers is lost and when the
beauty of material things has departed,
the memory of your tender charity will
live, hallowed by the reverence of those
whom you have made better and happier
by your loving sympathy.”
Officers
David Davis ; President
Morton Hirschberg First Vice-President
I. M. Lieberman Second Vice-President
A. H. Rothstein Third Vice-President
Joseph M. Glickstein Treasurer
Mrs. Estelle G. Stern ..Executive Secretary
Honorary Members Advisory Members
Rabbi and Mrs. I. L. Kaplan Mrs. Flora T. Max Felix GÜckstein, D. D. S. Daniel Funkenstein, M. D.
d-ll; ka i i* i_j• Li Aaron Oberdorfer, M. D. B. Manhoff, M. D.
Kabbi Morris Margolis Mrs. Julius Hirschberg i \/ c r kx n n n • i d t
........ ^ J. V. Safer, M. D. Dr. Daniel B. Torn
Mrs. Neal F.nkelste.n Mr. and Mrs. Henry Jacobs Samuel Witten, D. D. S. Dr. Leo M. Wachtel
Board Members
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Becker Miss Rose Goldstein Mr. and Mrs. Max Moss
Mrs. Alexander Brest Miss Ray Halle Mr. Abe Newman
Mr., and Mrs. Sidney J. Brown Mr. and Mrs. Louis Hoff ?nd M„rS'. Nathd" Newman
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Bucholtz Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Jacobs Mr. and Mrs. Ben Setzer
Mr. and Mrs. Halle Cohen Miss Cassie Joel Mrs. Albert Sommer
Mr. Maurice Cherry Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Kipnis Mrs. Estelle G. Stern
i S* k ^war<^s Mr. and Mrs. Lasar Klepper Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Weil
Mrs. Nathan Dwoskin Mr. and Mrs. D. Moscovitz Mr. and Mrs. Saul Wolfson
-'J
Page Eighty-nine
