Mr. Selber took a special interest in the physical
welfare of the Center building, supervising all repairs
and improvements and? being handy with tools, often
doing odd jobs himself. He took care of the grounds
and annually built the Center Sukkah.
His greatet service to the Center, however, was
the splendid transformation he brought to the Center
Cemetary grounds since he undertook supervision in
1937. The much neglected property was converted in¬
to a beautiful park. The roads were improved, city wat¬
er was brought in and every barren spot was made
green with grass and beautiful shrubbery. Mr. Selber
gave to this work every minute of his time for several
years and earned the lasting gratitude of the institution.
This 39th edition of the Jacksonville Jewish Cen¬
ter year book is dedicated to Mr. Simon Selber, one of
the most loyal and most devoted members of the insti¬
tution.
Mr. Selber came to America in 1904 and settled in
Jacksonville seven years later. He immediately joined
the old B Nai Israel Synagogue, but poor health pre¬
vented him from taking an active part in the a ffairs oí
the congregation.
In 1928, the year the Center was com pletedt Mr.
Selber became a mourner. I he observance o f the K a-
dish, morning and evening, brought him into intimate
contact with Center activities. 1 he daily exercise of
walking to and from the Synagogue greatly improved
his health. Since that time, Mr. Selber, as an express¬
ion of gratitude for his regained hea ith , devoted all
of his time and energy to the welfare o rti íe Jacksonville
Jewish Center. He was an active member and chair¬
man of a number of important committees, such as the
Religious Committee, the Education Committee, the
Ho use Committee) and the Finance Committee.
His devotion to the Jewish Center has inspired
the loyalty of his children to the institution. They be¬
came indefatigable workers for the Center and promin¬
ent leaders in the community.
On the occasion o I the N ew Year, the officers and .
members of the Center, extend to Mr. Selber and his
family their very best wishes for a year of good health
prosperity and happiness.
■'
Page Twenty-five
