«
üntxoducínq ¿SamuzH cddoazntjz’icj
The growth and development of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center in recent years has made it necessary that an Execu¬
tive Director be engaged who shall be responsible (or its
many and varied activities. We are fortunate to have been
able to secure the services of Mr. Samuel H. Rosenberg whose
wide experience in the fields of Jewish education and Center
administration thoroughly qualify him for this position.
Mr. Rosenberg studied at Yes hivath Rabbi I saac Elch-
nan and at the Beth Midrash LaMorim (Hebrew Depart¬
ment) associated with the Yeshivah. He received his secular
training at New York University, and he did post-graduate
work in education and school administration at Columbia
University and at the Teacher s Institute of the Jewish Theo-
Iogical Seminary of America.
Kluger ol New York; Ohel Yitzchok I almud I orah and
Congregation Ahavath Sholom, both of Brooklyn, New
Y ork; ancl C ongregation Darchei Noam ol Arverne, Long
Isl and. For the past seven years Mr. Rosenberg was in
charge of education and recreation at Temple Beth Zion
in Buffalo, New York. At the last named institution Mr.
Ro senberg conducted a number of novel educational exper¬
iments. The results of some of his works were published by
the Buffalo Bureau of Jewish Education. He is co-author of
a book, “Guide to the Prophets ’, to be published by the
Bloch Publishing Company of New York. He is also a mem¬
ber of the National Association for Jewish Education and
National Association of Jewish Center Executives.
After graduation, Mr. Rosenberg gained extensive ex¬
perience as teacher, principal and director of activities in
<*
the service of a number of Jewish organizations. At different
times he was associated with Yeshivath Rabbi Solomon
As Executive director of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
Mr. Rosenberg will be responsible for the Center administra¬
tion and activities, and will also serve as principal of the
Sunday and Hebrew Schools.
We are happy to have Mr. Rosenberg in our midst and
we pray that his work in the community will bear good fruit.
Page Twenty-six
y
