1&íje Üítyh Holy Saya
The outstanding characteristic of the High Holidays is that they concern themselves primarily with the
Jew as an individual. All other festivals have either national or agricultural origins, and serve to strengthen
the bonds between the Jew, his people and its past. Rosh Hashonah and Yom Kippur bring home to the in¬
dividual Jew the meaning of his daily struggle for existence, his relationship to his fellow human beings and
to God, the Creator and Ruler of the universe.
The great hold that these Days of Awe (Yomim Noroim) have upon us in this age of irreligión may be
partially explained by the fact that the ideals and emotions stimulated by them probe deeply into the private
life of every Jew and lift him to a high spiritual level.
If the ritual of introspection and self-purification of these solemn days were accepted by the world at
large, it would bring inestimable good to humanity and help to dissolve the world’s ills.
In a world corrupted by greed, hatred and bloodshed, Rosh Hashonah and Yom Kippur, with their call to re¬
pentance, their prayers for universal peace and the establishment of the Kingdom of God on earth, offer a
valuable message to humanity.
Stosty líaslyonalt
Rosh Hashonah aims to improve human nature. 1 he
prayers, the ritual, the music, and the sounding of the
Shofar are calculated to elicit from the worshipper the finest
and highest expressions of his personality. They impress
upon him the vanity and uselessness of envy, greed and
hate, and stimulate in him emotions of tolerance, love and
the proper understanding o f the real values of life.
During these days, God, as it were, sits in judgment
over us, reviewing our good and bad deeds. This, more
concretely, takes the form of every individual searching his
inner self and resolving to eliminate that which is cruel and
u gly in his life. The New Year ritual prepares him to meet
the coming year cleansed in spirit and determined to foil ow
the path of the good life so that he may find favor in the eyes
of God and man.
fmtt 2Ctppur
One o f the prime functions of Yom Kippur is to break
down the natual resentment on the part of human beings
to admit that they are wrong. I he solemn Kol Nidre service
is opened with a petition to God that he may permit us
to pray in the company of the transgressors, a term which
may be applicable to every member in the congregation.
The public recitation of the long catalogue of sins, among
which we are sure to find some that apply to ourselves,
the requests for forgiveness, which fill the prayer-book, the
custom of asking forgiveness from those whom we know
that we have wronged, all of these are calculated to bring
about a mood in which the worshipper acknowledges his
errors and sins. This is the first step necessary in making
any improvements, for without acknowledging error there
can be no correction of error.
Yom Kippur also serves to demonstrate the supremacy
of the spirit over the fl esh. 1 wenty four hours of fasting
is not only a denial of the natural hungers of the body but
also a test of a man’s willpower to withstand the temp¬
tations to which he may be exposed in the year to come.
ytcfiedmCe dlebu-iceó
ROSH HASHONAH
Sept, lb—Rosh Hash nah Evening Service— 7:30 p. m.
Sept. 11 and 13:
Morning Services 7:30 a. m.
Shofar and Sermon 9:30 a. m.
Musaf Service 10:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.
YOM KIPPUR
Sept. 30—Kol Nidre Service at 7:15 p. m.
Oct. 1—Morning S ervice at 8:30 a. m.
Sermon and Yis kor at 11:00 a.
Musaf Service at 12 noon.
Mincho S ervice at 4:00 p. m.
N’ eelah Service, 5:45 to 7:15 p. m.
m..
The Religious Committee of the Center has decided to adhere strictly to the
above schedule in order that the services may be ended by 12:30 P. M. Members
are strongly urged to attend the services on time, in order to make possible this
early conclusion of the services.
Rabbi Morris D. Margolis will officiate in the Synagogue and will be assisted
by Zvi Abrams, J. Lapinsky and Philip Selber. The Center Choir will lead in the
congregational singing and will render a number of liturgical compositions. Members
of the choir are as follows: Zvi Abrams, Irvin Slott, Meyer Leibovitz, Morty Moscovitz,
Mandy Margol and Joe Mizrahi.
Rev. B. Safer will officiate in the Auditorium and will be assisted by Rev. J.
Robin. Rev. Safer will deliver his sermons in Yiddish.
The Junior Congregation will hold separate services in the Prayer Room
under the guidance of Mr. Sam Rosenberg. The service will begin at 9:30 a. m.
Page Eleven
