Rabbi MORRIS D. MARGOLIS
I en years cigo, September, 1932. Rabí ji Morris D. M ar-
golis, a young graduate of the Jewish I heological Semi¬
nary of America arrived in Jacksonville to assume the
spiritual leadership of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. 1 he
task that lay ahead of him was an arduous one. Tbe
community was divided into factions. 1 here was still
friction between the orthodox and conservative elements in
the synagogue, occasioned by the period of transition from
the old BN ai Israel Congregation to the new Jacksonville
Jewish Center which was completed in 1928. Frequent
changes in the pulpit caused divided hearts and created per¬
sonal grievances. I he Center had no definite policy and no
established traditions. I he Sunday School an cl He! )rew
School were in a chaotic condition. 1 here was bitter feel¬
ing between the two congregations in the community.
Jacksonville Jewry in general was permeated by an attitude
that Charity begins at home, which greatly hampered the
functioning, let alone the grow th, of those groups in the
community that tried to do Zionist, fraternal, and charitable
work in cooperation with national organizations. In addi¬
tion, the cramped budget of the Center necessitated by a
small membership and years of depression, made it im¬
possible for the institution to engage an adequate staff.
1 he young Rabbi was entrusted with the job of functioning
as rabbi, cantor, choir director, principal of the Sunday
School and Hebrew School, as well as teacher. Indeed,
it was a formidable task. Instead ol being discouraged, the
difficult ies of his first position became a challenge to Rabbi
Margolis. He gave to it every ounce of energy, every
moment of his time, and every thought of his waking hours.
1 oday, despite the struggles and hardships he had en¬
dured, Rabbi Margolis may well look back with satisfaction
upon the f irst ten years of his ministry. As rabbi and
leader he may we 11 feel that h is efforts have been a beneficent
and lasting effect upon the community. His preaching, his
sincere and eloquent presentation ol the message of religion
have helped to sustain the morale of the community during
this trying period for Israel. His tact and understanding
have helped to contribute to a lessening of friction between
groups. Jacksonville is one o f the very few communities in
^ ^ —
Page Twenty-four
Ten Years of Service
IN APPRECIATION
the country, il not the only one, where conservative and
reform congregations hold regularly annual joint services. As
secretary of the Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
during its first three years of existence, Rabbi Margolis did
much to lay the foundation for this significant community
effort and to convince Jacksonville Jewry of the value of
organized and unified charity work.
His pastoral duties the Rabbi performed with keen sym¬
pathy, and humane understanding. At occasions of joy or
sorrow he became an integral part of the families to whom
he ministered. 1 he Hebrew School and Sunday School
gained in attendance and adopted a well balanced curricu¬
lum which instilled in the pupils loyalty to Jewish life,
Jewish institutions and traditions.
One of the most memorable experiences of the commu¬
nity was the presentation in 1938 of an operetta based on
Jewish folk songs, under the Rabbi s direction. To make
this artistic and cultural achievement possible, the Rabbi
harnessed the energies of all the Jewish youth groups in the
community and secured the cooperation of the WPA pro¬
fessional groups, including the C Composer s Forum, the
Symphony Orchestra, the WPA Theatre, the Recreation
Department and the Sewing Project. 1 he production and
presentation of this beautifully conceived and well executed
work of art left lingering memories in the minds of hundreds
who witnessed the two performances. It was a real con-
tributi on to Jewish art as well as to American folk I ore.
1 o the non-Jewish community Rabbi Margolis became a
symbol of a modern, scholarly ,dignified Jew, whose faith
in his God, whose loyalty to his people and whose cham¬
pionship of American ideals, aroused respect and admira¬
tion. 1 he enthusiastic response on the part of many Cientiles
who form part of his large radio audience in Florida and
Georgia is an index of the valuable services the Rabbi has
rendered in improving Christian-Jewish relationships in
this area.
As a person the Rabbi has gained the friendship and
loyalty of many. His own personal courage and endurance
under affliction have become as expressive of his faith and
philosophy of life as his most eloquent words.
On the occasion of his tenth anniversery as Rabbi of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center, members and officers of the
institution extend their heartiest congratulations to Rabbi
Margolis and express their deep appreciation of his spiritual
leadership. May Cmd grand him many happy years of
fruitful work in our midst for the glory of the Faith of
Israel and the betterment of humanity.
