*
=N\
Mrs. ISADORE GARTNER
President
DAUGHTGRS OF ISRAEL
The Daughters of Israel serves in the capacity of an
auxiliary to the Center and its main activities have for
their objective the furtherance of all Center projects and
institutions. The Daughters of Israel is represented on the
Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and
its members play an important part in the life o f th e com¬
munity.
Through its various committees, the Daughters of Israel
fast year participated actively in the Jewish Community
Council campaign, the Red Cross work and defense activi¬
ties. Especially active was the U. S. O. Committee which
assisted the Jewish Welfare Board in sponsoring dances and
social affairs for the U. S. service men stationed in the
vicinity of Jacksonville. I his committee also sponsored
a number of social hours following the Jewish religious
services conducted in Camp Bfanding on Friday nights.
Aside from these special activities occasioned by the war
emergency, the Daughters of Israel carried on its regular
work of assistance to the Center. A large sum of money
was raised from the two annual events, The Th anksgiving
D anee an d The Cabaret and Minstrel. The latter event
was one of the most memorable in the history o f the organ¬
ization. For the first time the Daughters of Israel presented
a full fledged, all girl minstrel, in connection with their
cabaret, entitled, Burnt Cork and Tinsel. Its tuneful
melodies, colorful costumes, its dancing and perfect timing
won the admiration and warm applause of the packed
auditorium. Mrs. M. J. Reiser, who directed the minstrel,
received much praise for this splendid performance. I he
minstrel was repeated a number of times at the request
of various organizations.
Among the success ful events sponsored by the Daughters
ol Israel during the past year are, the opening luncheon on
October 8th, the Purim Soodah on March 3rd, which was
catered by 1 he Daughters of Israel Catering Committee, a
reception in honor of Rabbi and Mrs. M. D. Margolis on
February 1st, a number of card parties and the closing
luncheon and installation of officers on May 6th.
I he Daughters of Israel bought a new grand piano for
the Center auditorium and acquired some new kindergarten
equipment. J he Religious Committee of the organization
also assisted the Sunday School and the Hebrew School in
the celebration of various school events, providing refresh¬
ments on Simchas Torah* Chanukah, Chamisho O ser
B’sh vat, and preparing the children s Sedar. The Daugh¬
ters of Israel also presented the Confirmation class with
Bibles and paid the salaries of the Sunday School staff.
I he Daughters of Israel is affiliated with the Women s
League of the United Synagogue of America and also
makes annual contributions to the Red Cross, Hope Haven,
Infantile Paralysis Fund, Jewish Braille Institute and to the
local Defense Council for the Blood Bank.
Officers
President Mrs. Isadore Gartner
1st Vice President Mrs. Louis Witten
2nd Vice President Mr. Perry Safer
3rd Vice President Mrs. Philip Selber
Cor. Secretary Mrs. William Gordon
Rec. Secretary Mrs. Haskell Zimmerman
Financial Secrtary Mrs. M. Hammerman
Tre asurer Mrs. Florence Bono
Pae Ninety-seven
