#
A\
DAVID LASAROW
Un der the dynamic leadership o(
D avid H. Lasarow, serving his second
term of office, the Jacksonville Jewish
Community Council not only held its
gains achieved during 1941 hut even sur¬
passed its splendid accomplishment ol
a year ago hy increasing its total pledges
to more than 10% above the 1941 total.
Mr. I ^asarow, whose devotion of such
unlimited time and service was chie fly
responsible for the success o I the 1941
campaign, was again chosen to head the
annual campaign. As President o f the
Council he assumed complete leadership
of the 1942 campaign and personally
directed it to the most successful con¬
clusion in the history of the local we I fare
fund.
Serving with Mr. Lasarow in the
successful execution ol this year s cam¬
paign were AI ex Brest, general chair¬
man, and Harold S. Cohen, co-chairman.
Wh ereas the success of the 1941 cam¬
paign can be attributed to the heroic
and single handed efforts of a small com¬
mittee, much o f the credit for this vears
* j
outstanding achievement goes to the suc¬
cessful coordination of the various sub¬
committees and the splendid cooperation
rendered by each ol them.
brom a standpoint ol the total raised,
the most important of these commilees
was the Initial Oifts Committee, the
chairman of which was Herbert M ayer son.
Serving with Mr. Meyerson were Harold
The Jacksonville
Jewish Community
Council
Cohn, Alex Brest, Abe Newman, Alex
Rob in, Joseph Glickstein and David
Lasarow. I hese seven men raised approxi¬
mately 70% of the total.
I he men, s division under the chair¬
manship o f I. M. Lieberman, made a
splendid contribution to the success of
the drive, assuming the responsi bility lor
a large majority of the pledges handled
during the previous year by the Initial
Gifts Committee.
A new addition to the campaign
organization, the Young Men’s Division
proved the wisdom of its creation by far
exceeding its quota in its first year of
campaigning. 1 his committee headed by
Jerry Kipnis as chairman and Eli Fink-
Iestein as co-chairman, contacted the
young business and professional men of
Jacksonville.
Another divsion to exceed its quota
was the Junior Division, under the chair¬
manship of Harold Leitman, who was
assisted by Judith Wilensky, co- ch air¬
man. Despite the loss of a number of
young people to the armed forces th is
division was most successful in being able
to exceed its 1941 total.
Probably the most valuable commit¬
tee from a standpoint of service was the
Women s Division, under the chairman¬
ship of Mrs. Joseph Hackel and the co-
chairmanship of Mrs. I. H. Edwards. I his
committee, which has been guided by its
nresent chairman since its inception two
years ago, not only solicited the largest
number ol contributors during the cam¬
paign but also acted in the more importan'
role ol a collection committee. I he Coun¬
cil s splendid percentage ol collection is
due mainly to the splen did cooperation
of large groups of women volunteer work¬
ers representing all of the women’s organ¬
izations in the city.
Below is listed the organizations and
institutions benefiting from the proceeds
of this years campaign.
United Jewish Appeal
American Ort Federation
Esras Torah
Youth Aliyeh
National Labor Committee for Palestine
Heb rew Immigrant Aid Society
League for Religious Labor in Palestine
Dominican Republican Settlement Fund
American Friends of Hebrew University
Jewish Telegraphic Agency
M iscellaneous European and Palestine Charitable
and Ed ucational Institutions
B'nai B'rith Wider Scope
Histadruth Ivrith
Yiddish Scientific Institute
Jewish Teachers Seminary
National Farm School
Hebrew Theological College - Chicago
Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary
Miscellaneous American Yeshivas
Central Conference of American Rabbis
Ex-Patients Tuberculosis Home - Denver
National Jewish Hospital - Denver
National Home For Jewish Children - Denver
Jewish Consumptives Relief Society - Denver
Jewish Consumptive and Ex-Patients' Associa¬
tion Los Angeles
Leo M. Levi Memorial Hospital - Hot Springs
Joint Defense Appeal consisting of:
American Jewish Committee and
B'nai B'rith Anti-Defamation League
American Jewish Congress
Jewish Labor Committee
Council of Jewish Federations and Welfare Funds
Jewish Welfare Board
Florida State Resettlement Committee
Florida B'nai B'rith Student Union Committe
\
Hebrew Orphans' Home
Jacksonville Welfare Society
Local Child Care Fund (Special)
Local Visiting Rabbi's Transient Fund
Local Refugee Committee
Looal Public Relations Committee
Local Jewish Welfare Board
Page \iziglity-seveii
