JEWISH WELFARE BOARD
Jacksonville Section
Ira Stein, President
Mrs. Sam We iss, Vice-President
David D avis, Treasurer
H arold Leitman, Secretary
I heo dore I. Tamil, Executive Secretary
IRA STEIN
Representing as it does all pkases
of Jewish life, Orthodox, Conservative
and Reform, the Jewish Welfare Board
is the civilian agency responsible for
the Jewish soldier and sailor during
his time away from camp. Operating
through its Army and Navy Com¬
mittee, the Jewish Welfare Board,
which is a member agency of the U.
S. O., is ready to serve the Jewish
soldier and sailor at all times, and
places at his disposal Spiritual, Rec¬
reational and Entertainment programs.
The Jacksonville Section ol the
J. W. B.„ through its Army and Navy
Committee, made up of representatives
of 18 Jacksonville Jewish organizations
has served the Jewish soldier and sail¬
or by doing everything possible to pro¬
vide them with the advantages and
pleasures which they enjoyed in the
normal community life which they have
left behind. During the past year, our
Social Affairs Committee arranged
weekly Saturday night social gather¬
ings in the form of dances and buifet
suppers. These affair were held in the
Vestry Rooms of the Jewish Temple
and in the Auditorium of the Jewish
Center, and proved very popular with
the servicemen throughout the year.
These weekly socials were held under
the sponsorship ol our various affiliated
organizations in cooperation with the
Social Affairs Committee. It is inte¬
resting to note that the attendance at
our Saturday night affairs has increas¬
ed even though there has been a large
turnover of servicemen during the past
year.
To the many members of the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Community who gave
financial assistance to our Religious
Committee in preparing lor the Pass-
over Holidays? we want to extend a
great big THANK YOU. Dr. Israel
Kaplan and Rabbi Morris Margolis
rendered a splendid service in conduct¬
ing their Congregational Sedorim. Ov¬
er 700 Jewish S ervicemen attended
these Sedorim as guest of the Con¬
gregation in which the services were
held. To those many Jewish families
who invited servicemen to their homes
for Passover, we are truly greatful, and
want to thank them for their splen-
Jid cooperation.
During the past year hundreds
ol Jacksonville Jewish families opened
their homes to serivcemen ol Jewish
faith. It is impossible to give an accu¬
rate estimate of the number of families
who invited servicemen to their homes,
as there were a large number of direct
invitations of which the Army and
Navy Committee has no record. How¬
ever, during the past year, approxi-*
mately 1,350 Jewish servicemen were
assigned to various homes through the
efforts of our Home Hospitality Com¬
mittee. This was in addition to the
Home Hospitalty extended during the
Passover, Sh’vuoth, Rosh Hashonah
and Yom Kippur Holidays.
On M arch 19, 1942, an organ¬
ization of Jewish girls of Jacksonville
vas formed. T his organization is known
as the Military Maids * and now has
a membership ol about 100 girls. The
purpose ol the organization is to stim¬
ulate interest of the girls and assure
attendance at all the Jewish Welfare
Board U. S. O. functions. Through the
efforts and assistance of the “Military
Maids” our social affairs for the young
Jewish servicemen have become in¬
creasingly popular.
Jacksonville s newly reorganized
Y. M. H. A. opened its doors to the
Jewish Community on May 28, 1942.
Phis building located at 219 West
I bird Street, immediately became a
second home for the young Jewish
servicemen while they were on leave
in Jacksonville. Equipped with a mod¬
ern Lounge, Writing Room, Library,
Bill ard Room, Ping Pong Room, Gym¬
nasium and Shower Rooms, Game
Ro oms, the Y. M. H. A. was immed¬
iately recognized by the Jewish service¬
men as being the common meeting-
place, where they could secure the nor¬
malizing influences that go to make a
better and happier soldier and sailor.
Plans are now under way to convert
the gymnasium, over the week-ends,
into sleeping quarters. This will enable
us to accommodate about 35 service¬
men with sleeping accommodations
and hot and cold showers.
The story of Jewish participation
in the present world conflict has only
begun to unfold. I hat story is being
written in far-off fox holes, on the
decks of ships, and in the bomb bays
of high flying planes. Our boys are
fighting for us - - and our Jacksonville
Jewish Community, in cooperation with
the Army and Navy Committee of the
Jewish Welfare Board, is throwing its
full weight behind our boys.
vs —
Page Ninety
if
