)RA STEIN LOU WOLFSON SIDNEY X. COHEN
Jacksonville’s Y. M. H. A.
FROM yV DREAM . . TO REALIZATION
When I ennyson wrote the old order changeth, giving
way to new”» we may be sure that he was not thinking in
terms of the Nazis doomed new order. Rather, he had in
mind natural growth and constructive development as typifi¬
ed by the now actively functioning Young Men s Hebrew As¬
sociation.
Much water has passed under the bri dg e since the Cen¬
ter’s Annual Directory last year devoted two-thirds of a page
to the activities of the Jewish Men s Club. I he Jewish Men s
is no more. There is no sorrow for its passing. It has fulfilled
its destiny—the purpose for which it was created. Out of the
ashes of the JMC meeting in the auditorium of the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center? has risen the much more concrete
YMHA in a building of its own at 219 W. 1 hird Street,
adjacent to the Center.
quarters are unpretentious excepting in the eyes of its found¬
ers to whom the I aj Mahal can be no more beautiful. Bu»,
the YMHA is amply sufficient in which to conduct the cul-
gatural and physical development programs for which it was
built. Already the Y is headquarters for numerous youth or¬
ganizations, some affiliated with the Center, others which
are not? directly or indirectly. Already the Y is a second
home’ to many of its more than 120 members, using its fa¬
cilities each evening. 1 here is every reason to believe that the
future will find Jacksonville’s YMHA the fi nest Jewish
Athlet ic Center in the South.
The YMHA was formally opened and dedicated on Sun
day, June 6th when hundreds of men and women attended
between 2 and 8 p.m. Since the formal opening, a YYVHA
—a woman s auxiliary—has been formed and will funct¬
ion in tangible form during the forthcoming season.
The members and officers o( the Jewish Men s Club
are content to be forgotten. Rabbi Margoliswho provided the
spark, Nat Shortstein, Itz Greenberg? Harry Broida, Abe
Diamond—these and many others are nam/'s that will pass
from memory, but their untiring and unselfish service brought
about the revival ol an institution for which there was a
genuine and great need.
In the light of world-shaking events that have transpired
within the past vear, perhaps it is unseemly to say that the
YMHA is one of 1942 s most important developments. Yet
to Jacksonville, at least, it has extraordinary significance.
For wars may come and wars may go, but communities sur¬
vive . . . and languish or thrive in direct ratio to the zeal of
its citizens and their sincerity of purpose.
The YMHA is dedicated to the youth of Jacksonville, its
As this is being written, a new group of officers and dir¬
ectors is being elected. It may be that there will be few
changes, for the enthusiastic, whole hearted zeal of the Y s
initial officers is widely recognized. loo much cannol be said
lor llie perseverance and constructive efforts ol (ra Stein, the
Y s first president; nor of Alex Brest and Lou Wolfson on the
building committee; ol Ralph Mizrahi, its architect; of Phil¬
lip Selber, Itz Greenberg, Leon Shapiro? Sidney Cohen. The
foundations upon which they have built are firm and strong.
Th ere can be no doubt that the Jacksonville YMHA will be¬
come the vitalizing force which its founders sought to make
it. Every Jewish resident of Jacksonville is cordially invited
to become a member, and help in th e development of a great¬
er, finer, more useful YMHA.
President
Vi ce President
Treasurer
Secretary
Officers
Ira Stein
Ben Setzer
Hyman Bloom
Itz Greenberg
Auditor Joe Becker
Sergeant-at-Arms Leon Shapiro
Board Members — Lou Wolfson, Dave Lasarow,
Philip Selber, Abe Dia mond and Harold Leitman
V===^=
Page Seventy-six
