<=A\ Td. <d\ a tficin ÍÓ> cvoiiin, ÍJ~xí±íAínt
For two decades the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid
Society and Home for the Aged has been of much service
to needy people of Jacksonville, supplying them with food,
fuel, clothing, medical care and housing. The society,
through its non-interest loan fund has enabled many families
to overcome financial difficulties and re-establish them¬
selves. During the winter many transients pass through our
city, and these are given food and lodging.
Each year at Passover, contributions are sent to the Gen¬
eral Orphan Home for Girls in Palestine, and special food
baskets are sent to state and city institutions. In addition
to the regular program of aid work, on all major Jewish
holidays, extra funds and food baskets are distributed to
indigent families.
I he important work of building a Home for the Aged
has been retarded due to the war, nevertheless many con¬
tributions have been received, and the Society continus its
efforts towards the fulfillment of this much needed project.
A substantial portion of the Home Funds has been invested
in War Saving Bonds, in this manner contributing to the
war effort.
LaJies Heb rew Sheltering Aid
Societg an J h
ame
for the Aged
Following the needs of the times, we have contributed
to the American Red Cross and the magazine fund of the
U. S. O. The members have cooperated whole-heartedly with
the U. S. O. and sponsored several dances at the Center
for the men in service.
During the past year, funds for the continuation of our
work were raised from dues, individual contributions and
luncheons. J hree other outstanding activities were the rum¬
mage sale, turkey project and chain card parties, each highly
successful through the chairmanships of Mrs. A. Nabin,
Mrs. Sam Bryan and Mrs. Sam Witten, respectively.
The Society wishes to express its appreciation to Dr. J.
Safer for the donation of his services in caring for tbe sick
and to Dr. S. Witten for dental aid. We are also apprecia¬
tive of the cooperation of the Jewish Welfare Society which
works closely with the Relief Committee, composed of Mrs.
A. Nabin, Mrs. H. Yoffee, Mrs. R. Stein and Mrs. J. Shapiro,
all of whom have given most generously of their time and
energy.
PLEASES PARTICULAR PEOPLE
Specializing in Fancy Live Poultry
Free Delivery On Orders of 50c or More
591 STOCKTON ST.
PHONE 7-7413
324 BROAD ST.
PHONE 5-3269
2010 KINGS AVE.
(Southside) PH. 9-1233
Page One-hundred-seven
