ABE NEWMAN
aaz
l3'
f
xonz
<
V■
ou%
On a peaceful Sunday morning, a dastardly attack
was made on Pearl Harbor and our nation forced into a war,
the like of which is unknown in the long and bloody history
of mankind.
It is the biggest of all wars. Not only in the number
of nations engaged, not only in the number of men involved
not only in the area of action covering land, sea, air and the
depths beneath the sea, but it is also the biggest in civilian
casua (ties and in mass murders. What is worse is that the
very foundations of our civilization are at stake.
We enter the new year with the manpower and resour¬
ces of our nation rapidly being transformed into an all out
war effort to win the battle of human liberty. The millions of
men who have left their homes for service with the armed
forces, and the mounting casualty lists are grim reminders
that the cost of war is blood, sweat and tears.
We shall win the war and we s hall win the peace .
I hat was the pronouncement of our President, and it is our
duty to strain every point and to make every sacrifice that
will help to attain those objectives in the shortest possible
time.
I he war has placed additional responsibilities on the
Jacksonville Jewish community and on our institution. I hou-
sands of men of our faith are stationed at Camp Bfanding and
at the Naval Air Station. We have co-operated with the
Jewish Welfare Board and other organizations to the fullest
extent in taking care of the recreational and spiritual needs
of these men. We deem it a privilege to have been able to
serve them.
The war also made us realize the urgent need of a
Y. M. H. A. in our community. During the early part of
the year, we bo ught the building adjoining the Center, and
later the lot back of it, all of which has been turned over
to the Y. M. H, A. for its use. Since our dividends are
measured largely in public service we are greatly satisfied
with the results of our efforts. When we see the number of
peoole, particularly young people, who are using the beau¬
tiful and well equipped Y. ML H. A., we feel that we have
made a very fine investment.
Jewish education is still our major problem. To increase
our educational facilities, we have engaged Mr. Samuel H.
Rosenberg, an able and experienced educator, to direct our
Hebrew and Sunday Schools. He comes well recommended
and well qualified for the work. We ask the cooperation of
all our members and parents in particular, to help Mr. Ro¬
senberg in his difficult task. J o a great extent the kind of
Jewish education we give our children, will determine what
kind of Jews they will be.
I want to thank the Rabbi and other members of the
staff, my fellow officers and directors for the splendid assist¬
ance and cooperation that they have given me durin g the
past year.
Let us enter the New Year fully resolved to carry out
the great tasks that lie before us. Let us pray that victory
for the United Nations will soon be forth coming ana that
the N ew Year will bring to all of us, peace, good health,
happiness and prosperity. Amen.
Page 7 wenty three
