In a year that witnessed tire pass¬
ing of the old7” and “the coming of the
new ”, Jacksonville Chapter No. 272 of
Aleph Zadik Aleph established itself as
the outstandng chapter in the newly or¬
ganized Florida Region.
As hosts to the first annual Florida
regional convention which was held here
in December, the local chapter, despite
nany unforeseen obstacles associated with
such a progressive move, entertained over
100 delegates from the seven other Flor¬
ida chapters in the traditional AZA way.
Jacksonvlle No. 272 was designated
as the best chapter participating in the
convention by virtue of its outstanding
record in the convention tournaments.
MELVIN MARGOL
Head Advisor
WILLIAM ROSE
Vice President
A. Z. a.
JUNIOR B’NAl B’RITH
BERYL WEINSTEIN
Treasurer
Alephs who were members of the championship basketball team include
Captain Bernard Sachs, Nat Davis, Paul Weiss, Hilbert Margol, Howard Margol
Abe Fraden, and Wilbur Margol. Advisor Jay Markowitz served as coach.
Alephs Hilbert M,argoI, Harold I ^evin, an d Wilbur Margol captured the bowl¬
ing tournament, while Aleph Louis Safer won the ping pong tournament, which
saw both Jacksonville entrants reach the finals.
Alephs Irvin Slott and Louis Safer gave the chapter its first regional debate
cup since its founding, in 1935, when they won the debate competition.
Jacksonville No. 272 continued to gain glory as it sponsored a large delegat¬
ion to the Fifth Regional Convention at Augusta, Georgia. Although the de¬
bate team was defeated in the finals of the debate contest, the basketball team
continued its winning ways by easily capturing the basketball trophy. Many
of the delegates to the convention were serving 272 for the last time, having com¬
pleted their period of membership. Their great record at this convention was a
fitting swan song and served as an ins piration to the coming new order.
With the memories of the great heig hts that former alephs had reached for
Jacksonville No. 272, a new group of y ounger boys predominated the AZA mem¬
bership roll.
Although young and inexperienced this group has fulfilled its obligations as
an AZA chapter. With a complete “five fold and full” program, this new 272
is seeking to attain greater heights than have ever been reached before.
Socially this group has sponsored numerous dances and an all-day outing
to Gold Head State Park. The latest undertaking of 272 is the sponsoring of a
raffle to raise money for the AZA ambulance fund.
I he local chapter has just returned
al Convention held in Miami on Labor D
convention which again saw 272 establish
from the Second Annual Florida Region-
ay. Over half the chapter attended this
itsell as Florida s outstanding chapter.
With the principles and program of the national AZA ogranization as its
guide, Jacksonville Chapter No. 272 is confident that it will be able to main¬
tain the great name that the chapter has achieved in the past and will continue
to be a credit to the Jewish community of of Jacksonville and to the Adolph B.
Weil chapter of B nai B rith, its sponsor.
Officers
President
Isadore Weiss
Vice President
William Rose
Secretary
William Carasik
Treasurer
Beryl Weinstein
Members
Herbert W einstein
Isadore Weiss
Wil iam Rose
William Carasik
Berly Weinstein
Ed Bell
Billy Cohen
Will iam Foor
Irvin Gendzier
FI aro Id L _evin
Benny Margol
Wilbur Margol
Benny Price
W:k Silver
Morris Silverman
Herbert Weiss
Hibbie Margol
Howard Margol
Irvin Slott
Louis Safer
Harry Brownstéin
Morly Moscovitz
Sam S ilberstein
Leonard Silver
Harold Col íen
v —
Page Fifty
