To Jewish Parents...
«
BELOW IS A LIST OF THE USUAL EXCUSES GIVEN BY PARENTS FOR NOT SENDING THEIR CHILDREN
TO HEBREW SCHOOL. DO YOU KNOW THE ANSWERS?
Excuse 1: “Child is too busy.”
Answer: Time must be found for the child’s Jew¬
ish education, for it is of supreme importance to the
future happiness of the child, his family and his com¬
munity. How about the tens of thousands of Jewish
children who are enrolled in Hebrew schools? They
manage to find time. Certainly the child’s Jewish ed¬
ucation is more important than instruction in music
and other special fields. The class time of the child
can be adjusted so as not to conflict with his other
activities.
Excuse 2: “Child is too young.”
Answer: A thorough Jewish education requires at
least six or seven years of continuous study. The
child’s Jewish education should begin when his Public
School education begins. The young child is highly
impressionistic and it is important that he be under
the influence of a Hebrew school during his early
years. There are thousands of children between the
ages of six and nine in Jewish schools. The classes
for younger children meet immediately after Public
School so that the children may be home early. The
program of instruction for younger children includes
songs, stories, games and other activities which make
their learning pleasant and interesting.
Excuse 3: “Girls do not need Jewish education.”
Answer: These are modern times, when girls re¬
ceive as good a general education as do boys. Our
girls should be treated as the equals of boys also in
their Jewish education. The Jewish girl of today is the
Jewish mother of tomorrow. Upon her will depend the
kind of Jewish homes we are to • have in the future.
Hers will be the responsibility of bringing up the next
generation. She must be adequately prepared for
these tasks. Tens of thousands of Jewish girls are en¬
rolled in Hebrew schools and are benefitting greatly
from this Jewish education. Do not deprive your girl
of her due.
Excuse 4: “There is plenty of time to prepare the
child for Bar Mitzvah.”
Answer: If Bar Mitzvah is to mean something to
the boy, he should study in a good school for several
years. At least two to three years are necessary to
give the boy a minimum preparation for Bar Mitzvah,
Excuse 5: “Child is studying privately”
Answer: A well-organized school is the best place
for the child. The school has a systematic course of
study, which is taught by trained teachers and is sup¬
ervised by a principal. Private instruction is usually
inefficient and unsatisfactory. In a school, the child
makes better progress because he is studying with
other children, and is stimulated by them. The holi¬
day celebrations, religious services, singing and other
activities make the learning interesting and enjoy¬
able. He not only acquires Jewish knowledge but also
learns how to live as a Jew. The child needs the social
milieu which the school provides.
Excuse 6: “None of the child's playmates go to He¬
brew School
Answer: Child will acquire new friends in the He¬
brew school and thus widen his circle of playmates
and acquaintances.
Excuse 7: “Child is attending Sunday School.”
Answer: It is impossible to obtain a satisfactory
Jewish education by attending only once a week.
There is so much of Jewish history, religion, Hebrew
and other subjects to be studied. Many of the better
Sunday schools are now beginning to organize week¬
day classes for their pupils.
Excuse 8: “Other children dropped out.”
Answer: Very often pupils drop out because their
attendance is poor and therefore they make no prog¬
ress. Children who attend regularly and do their work
well usually continue until they are graduated.
Excuse 9: “Tuition rates are too high.”
Answer: There is no cost for the Jewish education
that your child will receive, in our Talmud Torah.
Tuition is free for children of our members and to
children whose parents cannot afford to be members
of our center.
REGISTER YOUR CHILD IN THE HEBREW
SCHOOL TODAY!
