The life of a Jewish community depends largely on the
number and quality of its lay leaders and communal workers.
Mr. I. M. Lieberman belongs to that invaluable few in our
midst whose keen interest in Jewish affairs and whose bound¬
less devotion to Jewish causes makes them indispensable to any
community effort.
Mr. Lieberman made America his home 37 years ago when
he arrived in New York City from Brailowa, Russia. His first
public service was the organization of the Brailower Aid So¬
ciety of New York which is still in existence. At the end of one
year he settled in Hartford, Conn., where he was instrumental
in forming the first Austrian Lodge of the Independent Order
Brith Sholom, which under a modified name is still active in
that city. For reasons of health, Mr. Lieberman came to Jack¬
sonville in 1915, and immediately became active in Jewish
affairs. He was one of the organizers of the Jacksonville Brith
Sholom Lodge which played an important role until its disolu¬
tion in 1931. Mr. Lieberman then reorganized the group into
the Jewish Progressive Society of which he was president for
many years? and which did benevolent and social work.
Being an ardent Zionist, Mr. Lieberman deplored the lack
of Zionist work in Jacksonville. After a long and hard struggle
he succeeded in convincing the membership of the Progressive
Society to adopt the Zionist platform and engage in Zionist ac¬
tivities. In 1939 a seperate Zionist District was organized with
Mr. Lieberman as president, while the Progressive Society also
under his guidance, adopted the project of the Progressive
Credit Union. The latter contributes greatly to the welfare of
the small Jewish business man in Jacksonville.
During the past ten years Mr. Lieberman has been very
active as a member of the Board of Directors of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, and is now a vice-president of the institution.
He has always been among the first to volunteer his services
when any large project was undertaken. He is at his best at
social function, banquets? concerts, and dances. He is then the
jolly, solicitious, and amiable host completely forget¬
ful of self and concerned only with the welfare of his guests.
Mr. Lieberman s ineterest extends to every worthwhile Jew¬
ish cause. He is an indefatigable worker in the annual campai¬
gns sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Community Council.
For this work he was last year awarded a silver plague. Mr.
Lieberman attended many Zionist and JDC conventions,
and is on the national council ol the ZOA and the JDC. He
is also vice-president of the Southeastern Zionist Region.
Being a 'regular, good fellow Mr. Lieberman has made
many friends among his Christian neighbors and business as¬
sociates. Fie has been active in civic organizations such as the
Chamber of Commerce, and the Lions Club which this year
has entrusted him with the chairmanship of the Sight Conser¬
vation and Blind Committee. In 1940 Governor Spessard Holl¬
and bestowed on him the hororary title of Lieutenant-Colonel.
On the occasion of his sixtieth birthday his family honor¬
ed him wi th an inscription in the Chaim Weitzman volume
of the JNF Golden Book. As an expression of his loyalty to
the synagogue, Mr. Lieberman has this year undertaken the
membership campaign and pledged himself to secure sixty new
members for the institution.
His sixtieth birthday finds Mr. Lieberman in the prime of
lile, and a most valuable and respected member of the com¬
munity. The members and officers of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center extend to him and his family their best wishes for many
happy years to come? and pray that he may contiune to enjoy
good health and that he may be successful in all his undertak¬
ings.
Page 7 wenty-seven
