Philip Selber
Mrs. Harry Abrams
M. J. Reiser
Morris Wilson
WM
Eunice Davis
Peggy Schemer
Mrs. Philip Selber
ceriTER sun DAY SCHOOL
Mrs. M. J. Reiser
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Sunday School maintained
its high enrollment mark oí 225 pupils and confirmed the first
class to complete the ten year curriculum. J here were two
kindergartens , supervised by Mrs. M. J. Reiser anr Mrs. Philip
Selber, assisted by Pearl Haber. I he other ten grades were
taught by the following teachers: Miriam Cohen, Ruth Spiwak,
Victoria Levy, Jeanette Marks, Peggy Schemer, Eunice Davis*
M. B. Wil son, M. J. Reiser, Mrs. Harry Abrams an d Philip
Selber. J h e following texts were in use: I he Bible Jingles
Coloring Book, was used by Grade 1 and 2; A Chidren s
History of Israe I (Ish Kish or) Vol. 1 , and 2* was used by grades
3 and 4. The Soloff series of books entitled, When the Jewish
People Was Young, How the Jewish People Grew Up and
How the Jewish People Lives I oday plus the accompaning
work books, was used by grades 5, 6 and 7. Grade 8 used I he
Story of the Jew (Levinger) and Holidays and Festivals
(Edidin). (nade 9 used The History of the Jews in America
(Levinger) and Customs and Ceremonies (Edidin). I he 10th
grade used Rebuilding Palestine (Edidin) and What Is Jud¬
aism (Steinbach). As part of its confirmation requirements the
10th grade had a complete reveiw of Jewish Customs and
Ceremonies, Bibical History and Jewish Ethics. At the closing
exercises on June 7th, grades 8 and 9 were awarded the Pilton
Memorial Cup for the best attendance record and Mildred
Leonard a pupil of grade 8 was awarded the Hackel Merit Cup
for the greatest progress made , during the year by a Sunday
School pupil.
I he outstanding event during the Sunday School year
was the Chanukah celebration* which was a double affair. On
Sunday morning, December 14th the kintergarten and junior
grades had an interesting program which was attended by many
parents. I he following Sunday at 3 p. m. the senior grades
presented a very colorful program* the chief feature of which
was a play, 'Great Women in Israel , which made a deep
impression. I his play was presented again at the January meet¬
ing o f the D aughters of Israel. The play was directed by Mrs.
M. j. Re iser. Th e annua I Puri m Carnival was also a joyous
occasion, in connection with the observence of Purim an
operetta was presented entitled I he Purim Wizard of Oz ,
which was highly enjoyed by the pupils and the men in uni¬
form who were guests ol the Center.
JUNIOR STAFF
Ruth Spiwak Jeanette Marks
V-
Page Thirty-eight
Pearl Haber Miriam Cohen Victoria Levy
