92M;
<s^tessag[e front tlu
Rabbi David Gaffney
in his study
The last words of the verse read . . so that I
may dwell in their midst.” We must become a com-
munity in which, as it were, God could dwell with
pride. A synagogue which elicits among its congre-
gants, a microcosm of the Jewish people, love, sensiti-
vity, concern and compassion; a synagogue which
exudes friendliness and warmth, which elicits among
its members a concern for the plight of those less
fortunate than we, for all of mankind, for the Jew
in the Soviet Union and for the security and vitality
of the State of Israel, is a place in which the spirit of
God may dwell.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is at the threshold
of a historic beginning. Through the efforts of our
Building Development Fund Committee and the guid-
anee of our Architects Committee we are at a point
in which a move to our site on State Road 13 is
imminent. As I write these words construction on the
new Sanctuary-Center has begun and with God’s help
we will be worshipping together at the next High
Holidays in our new home. I pray ihat we remain
conscious of the challenge and sensitive to the pur-
pose for which synagogues are fashioned so that we
may fulfill the historic demand expressed by the
words “let them make Me a Sanctuary so that I may
dwell in their midst.”
With every best wish to our members and friends,
from Inge, myself, Asher and Shalva, for a year of
blessing, health, joy, contentment, fulfillment and
peace. Amen
״Let them make me a sanctuary so that I may dwell
in their midst”
Exodus 25:8
This verse, taken from the book of Exodus, is the
traditional Biblical source for the enterprise in which
hundreds of generations of Jewish communities have
been engaged—the building of Houses of Worship and
the fashioning of Jewish communities around the
synagogue as the center of its collective life. The
verse, beginning as it does with the words “Let them
make me . . .” as well as subsequent verses in the
text suggest that support for the sanctuary was often
the free will and voluntary offering of the heart.
And so it is. Judaism is a voluntary enterprise.
One can choose to become sensitive to Jewish
literature and the patterns of Jewish life ... or discard
and ignore them. This does not mean that a decision
can be dismissed cavalierly in a “you can take it or
leave it” attitude. On the contrary, the most import-
ant things in life are “voluntary.” Love, the blessing
of family, the quest for wisdom and understanding;
each represent a “voluntary” enterprise which can en-
rich us. We are impoverished not so much by what we
cannot take from life but by what we choose not to
give to life. Synagogue affiliation alone, however, in
and of itself, does not enrich us. It is important to
belong. But affiliation without affirmation is, to auote
an old Yiddish song, like a body without a soul. Syna-
gogues exist so that through prayer, study and fellow-
ship; through the modes and patterns of Jewish life,
a common ground is created for families, for parents,
children and a community to realize the best that is
within themselves and the traditions to which they
are heirs.
The second phrase of the verse from Exodus.
“Mikdash,” has as its root the Hebrew word of “holy.”
,This is not the place to engage in a study of langu-
age or theology, but the word “holy” at the very
least indicates that a synagogue has a purpose and
goal; an end towards which it directs itself . . . the
common striving of a group of Jews to establish a
conscious relationship between themselves and God,
mankind, their history, rich and life-affirming tradi-
tions and their destiny. Only the synagogue has so
comprehensive a goal for the Jewish community. As
significant and important as are the concerns of other
Jewish affiliations and organizations, without the on-
going and historic inspiration which comes from the
synagogue, we would long since have disappeared as a
vital people, religious and culture.
9
