YOUTH ACTIVITIES
CENTER YOUTH LEAGUE — U.S.Y.
Officers of C.Y.L.
the residents took particular pride in the involvement
of our youth.
In addition to our programs we have an exquisite
evening at the end of the year Banquet, where Edith
Gendzier, our dynamic President responsible for our
success and Sam Jacobson received the best C.Y.L.
Boy and Girl Award. All in all it was a most promis-
ing year, full of fun, laughter and Jewish content. I
can only hope for next year that we are as fortunate
in our programs, and that we can involve more Jewish
youth, our key to greatness.
Shalom Ul’hitraot,
Karen Mizrahi
OFFICERS
President Karen Mizrahi
1st Vice-President Sam Jacobson
2nd Vice-President Lauren Schemer
3rd Vice-President Roland Mizrahi
Treasurer Philip Tenenbaum
Corresponding Secretary Stephen Presser
Recording Secretary Kathy Korn
C.Y.L. had a most successful year. Looking back
from the viewpoint of Programming Vice-President,
our programs involved a book review given by Mrs.
Howard Korn on “The Rosenberg Trial,״ a Sensitivity
Session led by Mrs. Marcus and her team, which
proved to be a rewarding evening. Not only from the
standpoint of letting your emotions be known, but
because the Jewish people are a sensitive people, and
are concerned about the feelings of others.
Since the aroma of traditional foods cooking in
“Mama’s” kitchen, is also part of our heritage, we
held a progressive dinner which included about 50
youth. We tried to come a little closer to the ancient
mystics by inviting a modem day hypnotist, who ran
through different exercises to relax us, then following
up with a demonstration of how one would enter a
subconscious hypnotic state.
USY is not only a social club, it has a three
fold purpose—social, service and religious activities.
Besides participating in services within our own syna-
gogue, we led Shabbat Services for River Garden, as
well as a dance presentation for them. With enjoyment
Ruach at Closing Banquet
Ruthe Lazarus, 1973 Recipient,
Mark Gendzier presenting award for Presenting Best CYL Boy award to
best C.Y.L. Girl to Edith Gendzier Sam Jacobson
107
