9Qw.r QarJen Jie! tew <d~Come ^jj~ or ^*J he ¿Z^f^ed
Albert M. Kofka (left) being congratulated by Honor-
ary President Samuel J. Thier, who installed him at
the 20th Annual Meeting, of the Home. In background
(left to right) Lewis Meisel, Chairman of the Admis-
sions Board; Donald Cohn, Chairman of the Board of
Trustees; and Miss Minnie Schreiber, President-elect.
needs of the individual requires professional support.
All admissions are based on medical referrals.
The Home is recognized as a long-term health
facility, as evidenced by its approval by the Accredi-
tation Council for Long-Term Care Facilities; mem-
bership in the American and Florida Hospital Associa-
tions, as well as the National Association of Jewish
Homes for the Aged and the Florida and American
Association of Homes for the Aging.
The uniqueness of River Garden is that its em-
phasis is on “wellness,” not “illness,” despite the fact
that it is a medical facility. The stress is on the capa-
cities, not the disabilities, which modem medicine can
not reverse, but only alleviate. Therefore, the focus is
on what can still be done. Over 20 activity programs
have been designed to fit individual preference and
capability. Participating in chapel services, arts and
crafts, River Garden Players, Tea and Talk, Men’s
Only, the Yiddish or Classical Music Hour, or more
sedentary activities is only a medium for developing
new relationships to substitute for those which are
now gone by loss or separation from loved ones.
Another interesting fact is that the Home does
not limit its admissions to those over 65 only, but
does waive the age limitation for younger people who
are in need of our special services. Twenty residents
in the younger category are now being served by the
Home.
Mental impairment in the aged is not unusual
and all too often committment to a State Hospital
occurs. River Garden is particularly proud of its record
in this area because so few elderly Jewish patients
are now in the State Hospital' System. As soon as the
acute phases of the illness is over, the referral is made
to the Home.
The Home, which serves Florida, excepting the
Greater Miami area, appreciates the support and co-
operation of the Jewish Communities of Florida. Thanks
to these communities, no one is ever denied admission
because of limited financial resources.
The goal for this year is only a continuum of
our basic aim: to provide a rich Jewish life style to
our aged and infirm brethem.
A scene from the River Garden Players’ presentation
of “Sophie Levine’s Knitting Book,” which was directed
by Mrs. Tillie Reiser and Peggy Sussman.
RIVER GARDEN OFFICERS AND TRUSTEES
President Albert Kofka
President Elect Miss Minnie Schreiber
Vice-President Admissions Lewis Meisel
Co-Chairman Admissions Bernard Nachman
Co-Chairman Admissions Herman Paul
Vice-President House Committee Eli Becker
Vice-President Residents' Welfare .... Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
Vice-President Public Relatnions Mrs. Joseph Bernstein
Medical Director Dr. Harry Yoffee
Treasurer Jack Schwager
Secretary Sol Katz
Investment Counselor Norman Hofheimer
Chairman of the Board Donald D. Cohn
Director Sidney Entman
Asst. Director Lawrence Kirschenbaum
Administrative Asst. Fran Dyal
Attending Physician Dr. Melvin Newman
Honorary Presidents Joe Becker, Harry Gendzier,
Sheldon Gendzier, Arthur Gutman, S. William Gold-
stein, Irving Klepper, Samuel J. Thier, Dr. Sam Wit-
ten, Donald D. Cohn
Board Members.... Aaron Block, Jack Coleman, Stephen
Davis, Frank Diamond, Leon Donziger, William Dubow,
William Goldman, Mrs. William Goldman, Dr. Michael
Greenberg, Bennet Hirsch, Mrs. Abe Horvitz, Mrs.
Laser Klepper, Martin Lind, Bennie Margol, Rudy
Moss, Mrs. Nathan Newman, Mrs. Myron Rosenberg,
Mrs. Moe Safer, Mrs. Jack Schwager, Alfred Seitner,
Mrs. Roy J. Sloat, Lou Small, David Stein, Herbert
Warner, Edward Witten, Ike Witten, Mrs. Ike Witten,
Mrs. Paul Witten, Mrs. Sam Witten, Leon Zimmerman
River Garden began its 29th year of services to
the Jewish Communities of Florida as of April 1, 1974.
It has been a steady growth as the Home responded
to the demands of ever increasing numbers of aging in
need of a protected environment.
Although River Garden is called a Home for the
Aged, in reality, we are licensed as a skilled nursing
home by the Division of Health of the State of Florida.
This means that the Home is not a retirement center
for elderly, but serves the “pathology” of aging where-
in the physical, emotional, mental and psychological
177
