C30unc<7
uy
ontntun
c
lie
sonvi
Jack Becker
President
President Jack Becker
Vice-President
Rabbi Howard R. Greenstein
Vice-President - Richard S. Jaffa
Vice-President Mrs. Lewis I. Meisel
Vice-President Joseph P. Safer
Vice-President Mrs. Marilyn Stein
Vice-President Mrs. Arnold Vandroff
Treasurer Arnold Vandroff
Secretary - M. S. Dunay
Members-At-Large
Mrs. Michael Donziger, Dr. Saul Eisen, Stanley Green-
field, David Lewis, Joseph Mizrahi, Jack Price, Sam
Price, Mrs. Myron Rosenberg, Joel Selber; Mrs. Roy
Sloat, Mrs. Joseph Wilensky, Hyman Selber.
Honorary Presidents
Alexander Brest, Jack Coleman, Edgar M. Felson, Ben
Friedman, Harry Gendzier, Joel Goldman, Morton
Hirschberg, Leon Irgang, George Richter, Al L.
Schneider.
In the course of time the overall structure of this
Council was generally broadened. While the main
purpose is still fund raising, it also attempts to be a
unifying force of Jacksonville Jewry. Now, our united
voice is heard on matters of importance to Jews all
over the world. Israel, Soviet Jewry, etc., are among
our primary objectives of grave concern and concerted
actions.
Last, but not least, the aim and goal of the
Council is to extend the horizon of Jewish identity
and to intensify a desire for Jewish education to a
more significant depth on a community wide basis.
We endeavor to eliminate duplication, fragmantation
and its consequences. A united effort on this particular
field benefits all segments of the community.
We all have so much in common. Let us strive
together for the causes that are dear to all of us.
The Jacksonville Jewish Community Council was
organized in the middle 193IO’s by Rabbi Israel L.
Kaplan and Rabbi M. D. Margohs, then Rabbi of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center, and a few others.
The original purpose of the founders was to eli-
minate the large number of solicitors, ‘meshoolachim’,
who visited the city regularly. We realized that a
considerable percentage of the money collected was
absorbed by the various solicitors’ expenses. Hence,
the Council was formed to eliminate the unnecessary
high cost of collection and give the institutions a
greater share of the funds raised collectively by local
volunteer workers.
During the Second World War this organization
was expanded considerably, as the need for relief of
European Jewry increased enormously.
Avondale Paint & Wall Coverings
MARTIN LIND, Owner
3606 ST. JOHNS AVE. PHONE 389-5511
GRAHAM APPLIANCE SERVICE
Authorized Frigidaire Service
Phone 744-0322 - 744-0323
1500 Maitland Avenue
DANNY FAY & SON, INC.
Distributors
WISE POTATO CHIPS & SNACKS
6006 Richard Street
Phorte 737-0620
173
Consult Our Yellow Pases Classified Directory
