</ C3hilJren's *Services *Jmc.
an
J.F.C.S. is a licensed child placing agency — lor
foster care and adoption. For the past three years, no
children have been available for adoption. We have
therefore stopped taking applications. Records of in-
quiries are kept so that if and when children become
available, these families will be contacted.
The Agency provides short term financial assist-
anee to local families and transients. Day camp scholar-
ships are available as are interest free college loans.
Throughout its 57 year old history the Agency
has striven to meet the recognized needs through the
latest known techniques. As of this writing the Agency
is going back to an old tradition of rescuing its bro-
thers from persecution. The community has agreed to
re-settle three Russian families.
Executive Director .. Lawrence Rackow,
ASCW
President Lawrence Jaben
President Elect Donald Cohn
Vice Presidents Theodore Edidin
David Konigsburg
Milton Mann, M.D.
Morris Price, M.D•
Edward Seigel
Treasurer Norman Moss
Honorary Treasurer .... David Moss
The Jewish Family and Children’s Services is
the Casework agency of the Jacksonville Jewish Com-
munity. In 1973, a total of 396 families or individuals
were served through its various programs. Its main
service is counseling. This is done on an individual,
family or group basis with Parent Child counseling,
personal adjustment and marital counseling. (A week-
ly Rap Group for those 16-24 years of age has been
meeting for the past four years.)
Senior citizens make up a large percentage of our
case load. Our services to the Aged includes the local
intake for the River Garden Hebrew Home for the
Aged, transportation to doctors and sometimes shop-
ping trips for those without family in the dty, and
friendly visiting. Its outreach program consists of
monthly visits with the patients at the State Hospital
at MacClenny and the prisoners at Raiford.
DANDEE BAKERS
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
2155 SOUTEL DRIVE PHONE 764-9647
175
Consult Our Yellou/ Pases Classified Directory
