•//«
sonville
Chapter Officers of Hadassah
THE HADASSAH MEDICAL ORGANIZATION
YOUTH ALIYAH
HADASSAH ISRAEL EDUCATION SERVICES
JEWISH NATIONAL FUND
HADASSAH YOUTH ACTIVITIES
In the United States Hadassah activities include:
American Affairs, Jewish Education, Zionist Affairs,
Israel Bonds, Tourism and Leadership Training.
Hadassah is also a non-governmental organization
of the United Nations. It is affiliated nationally with
organizations whose goals it approves, among them:
the World Health Organization, Foreign Policy Assn,
and the American Council of Voluntary Agencies.
Three Chapter functions are planned for the com-
ing year. The Oneg Shabbat to be held in December,
Education Day in February and the Donor and 50th
Anniversary Celebration in April.
CHAPTER EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
President Mrs. A. J. Bloom
Vice-President-Education Mrs. Henry Cristol
Vice-President-Program Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Vice-President-Fund Raising Mrs. Abe Newman
Vice-President-Membership Mrs. I. Moscovitz
Vice-President-Tikva Group Mrs. Sumner Waitz
Vice-President-Hannah Senesch Mrs. Geo. Ringold
Vice-President-Shir Li Group Mrs. Marshall Fox
Treasurer Mrs. Abe Horovitz
Financial Secretary Mrs. Melvin Bamert
Recording Secretary Mrs. Joel Fleet
Corresponding Secretary | Mrs. Lillian Meizlik
In 1975 The Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah
will celebrate its 50th Anniversary, having been char-
tered in 1925. Through the past 50 years Hadassah
has always been a vital force in the Jewish life of this
community. Hadassah, the Women’s Zionist Organi-
zation of America, is proud of its past achievements,
its foresight, pioneering and standard-setting. This has
been our history since 1912; it is our guideline for
the future. We invite all Jewish women to become a
member of our organization and help us continue to
“make history” through our impact on the growth
and development of Israel — the enrichment of our
lives as Jews—the betterment of life in the U. S. and,
indeed, for all mankind.
The Jacksonville Chapter consists of three active
groups: Tikva, the afternoon group; Hannah Senesch,
the evening Business and Professional women’s group;
and Shir Li, the young matrons group also meeting in
the evenings.
Every Hadassah project involves members in
Israel’s achievements and in its survival. Each mem-
ber serves this valiant young democracy through:
<J־lannal1 ene sell ^irowp oj־ <J~Cadassalt
Officers of Hannah Senesch
President Mrs. George Ringold
Vice-President-Fund Raising Mrs. Sam Sherter
Vice-President-Membership Mrs. Sol Gottlieb
Vice-President-Education Mrs. Herman Axelberg
Vice-President-Program Mrs. Rose Gordon
Financial Secretary Mrs. Lili Raines
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Albert Bressler
Recording Secretary Mrs. Alfred Rosenzweig
Hannah Senesch, Hadassah’s evening group, a dy-
namic part of the Jacksonville Chapter, brings to the
organization the experience, knowledge and financial
assistance of members unable to attend day-time meet-
ings because of business or other commitments. Their
stimulating cultural, educational and fund-raising pro-
gram are indicative to their sincere interest in the
further development and security of Israel. Meetings
are held the second Wednesday of each month in the
Mt. Carmel Gardens Auditorium.
185
