TIKVA OFFICERS
President Mrs. Sumner Waitz (Joan)
Vice Presidents
Membership Mrs. Myer Cohen (Dodie)
Fund Raising Mrs. Kenneth Allen (Edith)
Program Mrs. Carl Kantor (Caroline)
Education Mrs. Bernard Greenberg (Elinor)
Corresponding Sec Mrs. Joe P. Safer (Ruth)
Recording Sec Mrs. Jack Price (Judy)
Treasurer Mrs. Maynard Brook (Barbara)
Financial Sec . Mrs. Philip Keitlen (Selma)
We invite everyone to “FOLLOW THE YELLOW
BRICK ROAD” to our opening meeting on September
24, 1974 at 12 noon at Beauclerc Country Club.
SHIR LI GROUP OF HADASSAH
President Mrs. Marshall S. Fox (Karen)
Vice Presidents
Membership Mrs. Shelley Teitelbaum (Anita)
Fund Raising Mrs. Gene Komblum (Annetta)
Program Mrs. Mark Berkson (Rhoda)
Education .... Mrs. Howard Weinstein (Gail)
Treasurer Mrs. A1 Lewitt (Sharon)
Financial Secretary Mrs. Robert Weiner (Phyllis)
Recording Secretary Mrs. Tommy Cohen (Vickie)
Corresponding Secretary .... Mrs. David Berlin (Cheryl)
Social Secretary Mrs. Steven Rohan (Betty)
Advisor Mrs. Abe Newman (Hattie)
What could be more inspiring and exciting than
a group of young women sharing their interests and
working together toward the growth and development
of Israel? Our programs are timely and varied. Our
projects include the “Healarama Raffle” with proceeds
going to the Hadassah Hospital in Israel, JNF trees,
the Garage Sale for the Hadassah Israel Educational
Services and more.
We welcome new members. Come and join us!
YOUNG JUDAEA
Young Judaea (Hashachar) is a Zionist youth
movement dedicated to developing knowledge of Israel
and geared towards the promotion of Jewish identity.
Sponsored by Hadassah, the movement is known
throughout the U.S. from California to Puerto Rico.
There is always something new to learn from the dif-
ferent personalities of people in the movement to
gaining knowledge of our Jewish homeland.
Although there were very few members in Young
Judaea two conventions were attended, one in Day-
tona and the other at Camp Judaea in Hendersonville,
N.C. and a conclave in Tampa, Fla.
The Judaeans attended Camp Tel Yehudah in
New York this past summer and had an active season,
participating in Israeli dancing, singing, and having
fun.
We hope to continue growing in Jacksonville and
throughout the U.S. introducing Judaism, traditions
and learning about Israel is our main aim.
Leaders: Carol Bettman, Janet Goldstein, Steven
Hurwitz, Amy Esman, Lori Plotkin and Seth Margol.
