nterica
Z'ionist rofanization csj~ ¿ו^׳כ
DAVID GOODMAN,
President
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
OFFICERS
President ...... David Goodman
Secretary Leo Meizlik
Membership Chairman Bruno Loehner
Education and Program Chairman Jack Becker
Chairman of the Board Cantor A. Marton
Public Relations Isadore Moscovitz
Board Members
David Moed, David Moss, Philip Bork, Irvin
Rothstein and Hyman Selber
an excellent magazine for its members, supports the
Mollie Goodman academic high school, and the K’Fa
Silver (for American Jewish youth) in Israel, and pro-
vides a home for visiting Americans in Tel Aviv with
the Z.O.A. House there.
It is imperative that in these times, when the Nixon
administration is being so strongly influenced by the
oil interests that every American Jew should put his
name on record in support of Israel by joining Z.O.A.
Membership is $20 per year. Stand up and be counted
by calling David Goodman, Bruno Loehner or Albert
Meyerhoff.
nion
CLreMt LI
The Zionist Organization of America is unquestion-
ably the outstanding American Jewish organization
whose purpose is exclusively for Israel. It is a political
group (not a fund raising), designed to oppose pres-
sure on the U.S. government by oil interests, etc. These
business interests, aided by other pro-Arab groups, con-
stantly seek to force our government into a pro-Arab
policy.
The Z.O.A. is the only organization which can ef-
fectively counter anti-Israel political pressure in Wash-
ington. It behooves every American Jew to join the
Z.O.A., just as we must support Israel in other ways.
In addition to its main purpose, the Z.O.A. provides
ive
Tr
OFFICERS ' fWf?^
President Moe B. Safer
Vice-President Edwin Presser
Secretary Herman Gelman
Treasurer Joseph Cohen
Directors W. Z. Goldberg,
David Gradman and Eugene Henry
Associate Directors Samuel Schuster,
Wallace Rubenstein and Joe P. Safer
Credit Chairman Mac Presser
Committee Irvin Gendzier, Murray B. Glickstein,
Max Becker, Stanley B. Gelman, Milton Hecht
does us a favor when he calls — We are not doing
him a favor when we serve him. The Member is not
a cold statistic — He is a human being with feelings
and emotions like our own. The Member is not some-
one to argue or match wits with. The Member is a
person who brings us his wants — it is״ our job to
fill these wants. The Member is deserving of the most
courteous and attentive treatment we can give him.
The Member is not dependent o nus, we are dependent
on him. The Member is the life blood of this Credit
Union.
The year’s activities climax with the annual dinner
meeting at the Center. Anyone who wishes to join is
extended a cordial invitation. !33
The Progressive Credit Union sponsored by the
Jewish Progressive Society is organized to encourage
thrift and provide a safe, convenient medium where-
by members can invest and accumulate savings. The
Credit Union carries life savings insurance of $2,000
and loan protection insurance without any direct cost
to the members. Last year the Board declared a 5(/c
dividend on savings and 10% rebate of interest to
borrowing members.
Ten Commandments of our Credit Union: The
Member is the most important person in our Credit
Union. The Member is not an outsider, he is an owner
of our Credit Union. The Member is not an interrup-
tion of our work, he is the purpose of it. The Member
