.זף .2ר .ס
O.R.T. SCHOOL
The past year has been a very important one for
O.R.T. in Jacksonville. Through the efforts of many
devoted women, our afternoon chapter has grown to
nearly 400 and our two new chapters are well under-
way with exciting plans for the coming year. In ád-
dition Jacksonville joined the newly formed District 6
encompassing the Southeastern U.S.
Last year’s Art Auction, Gift Wrap, Supermarket
Spree Raffle and other projects were tremendously
successful but we feel the most important thing we
did was to bring the film “L’Chaim” here for all to
view. This film was shown once in conjunction with
the Women’s Division of Jewish Community Council,
once to our youth and at Wolfson High School at
night. We sincerely hope that those of you already
devoted to the O.R.T. Program of building vocational
schools around the world and providing help to
Jews in every way possible were inspired further by
the film. To those of you who did not know why O.R.T.
exists, we hope you now have an understanding of
why we work so hard all year and that you will join
with us so that we may continue with our efforts.
Next year we will again hold our annual projects
and have added several more such as beautiful child
contest, mah jongg card tournaments and progressive
dinners.
The three Presidents of the Jacksonville Chapters,
Judi Greenhut, Rita Weinstein and Linda Meyers all
express their willingness and desire to work and sup-
port not only the O.R.T. Program but other com-
munity organizations in their very important work as
well. We would also like to thank all of you for your
continued generosity and encouragement.
Danish Bakery
QUALITY IS OUR SPECIALTY
Phone 733-6515־
Mr. Leo Lazos, of our staff of fine
Hk bakers, joins the management in the
bakers, joins the management in invit-
ing your continued patronage in the
V selection of the Best in Pastries,
Bread, and^Qak'es
Wedding, Anniversary, Bar & Bat
Mitzvah, Birthday Cakes, etc.
Henry's Poultry
Wholesale Distributors of
Government Inspected & Graded Poultry
FRESH DRESSED
2116 W. Beaver Street — Phone. 356-7815
UNIVERSITY MALL - 3600 UNIVERSITY BLVD. W.
Adjoining Publix Supermarket
Joe T. Gaslin Company
Land O'Frost wafer sliced meats approx. 1011־ slices
per package.
EXQUISITE
WEDDING CAKES
ONLY THE BRIDE COULD
BE MORE BEAUTIFUL
3 oz. Land O'Frost wafer sliced Beef
3 oz. Land O'Frost wafer sliced Chicken
Cakes for Bar & Bat Mitzvahs & All Occasions
3 oz. Land O'Frost wafer sliced Turkey
3 oz. Land O'Frost wafer sliced Corned Beef
(k(É8$R
3 oz.-Land ©1Frost wafer sliced Pastrami
043 ו PARK ST. AT FIVE POINTS 355-6905
195
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
