£’n«i S’ritk Qirh
Stacey Mayo
This year we received the award for the No. 2
chapter in the council and received the Best Program-
ming Award. We have the hardest working board ever,
this year, all of whom have many dreams which we
wish to see fulfilled. Fall Convention will be held in
Jacksonville in November and with the help of the
Jewish Community, we hope to make it the best
ever. Come join us.
OFFICERS FOR 1974-1975
President Stacey Mayo
First Vice-President (Programming) Robin Jawitz
Second Vice-President (Membership) Debbie Datz
Third Vice-President (Fund Raising) Robin Lewitt
Secretary Lyn Goldstein
Treasurer Marsha Proctor
BBG is made up of 9-12th grade girls from every
sector of the Jewish community. Whether Orthodox,
Conservative or Reform, we find our goals to be the
same and strive together for a better life for Jews
throughout the world.
Our services to the community are indefinite and
we hope you will call on us if in need at anytime.
The Jacksonville chapter, known as Gators BBG,
is a group of girls who have grown increasingly closer
to each other and have acquired a much better un-
derstanding of Judaism. We seem to enjoy doing just
about anything together, whether it be a big social
function, a rap session on rape, or making Jewish Stars
to raise money for ISF (International Service Fund),
which is set up to help with Scholarships, Israel, etc.
2*aJih ¿y^leph 2Í. ¿>4.)
Todd Dorman
At our installation I was awarded the Stephen
Eric Avart Award for the most outstanding AZA youth
of the 1973-74 year. Along with this award I shall
treasure the memories, friendships and knowledge that
I gained through AZA.
Without our advisor Paul Isaac and co-advisor
Frank Hessel, we would have been lost. So, our thanks
for their untiring efforts. Thanks also to Howard
Schwarts for his help. To the Jewish Youth of Jack-
sonville, the AZA Chapter needs you and you need
AZA, so join today and help pave a new road to a
better understanding of BBYO.
Todd Dorman, Aleph Godol
191
President Todd Dorman
Vice-President Lane Jawitz
Secretary Seth Margol
Treasurer Steven Roobin
Sergeant-at-Arms
Chaplain
It hardly seems possible that a year has passed.
As Aleph Godol (President), I learned many new things
and met people and made friends throughout the Dis-
trict. I based as my motto the following, “You only
get out of something what you put into it.” We make
friendships that are lasting and through BBYO we
learn to work, to help and to grow. I found the year
to be rewarding and fulfilling.
Among the Chapter’s many accomplishments were
socials which included a weekend with Hillel. We held a
Maccabiad, a 50’s Dance and selected and installed the
Sweetheart and Heart Throb. The Jacksonville Chapter
of AZA with BBG hosted the North Florida Council
Executive Board meeting in Jacksonville. We held our
Rush Party at the Center Camp and signed up many
new members. We also held a successful Progressive
Dinner with BBG. We had two car washes for fund
raising and afterwards held a Swim Party at my home.
Many attended all the regional conventions and went
to South Carolina for the District Convention in 1973
and to Georgia for the District Convention in 1974.
