Our worship in our new home and the help through the
great Leader.
(1) Our dream and prayer became true
As you plant sweet roses and honeydew.
(2) The child will climb on the hands of his mother
— As we lift our hands and spirit to our great FATHER.
(3) We start to build a strong Foundation
to satisfy our heart and to the new generation.
(4) The Safer-Torah, is our Love and Everlasting Soul.
To GUIDE our living on every soil.
(5) The Menorah, is the Symbol of our working days.
As GOD wants us to worship HIM on the day of
HIS REST.
(6) We grow every day in mind and SPIRIT.
To build a home for HIM and be EXQUISITE.
(7) When well enter the door of Tabernacle on the first
day, You’ll say, OH! MY!
How nice and decorated is a new LIFE;
(8) It will enrich the pocket of young and OLD.
It equals the whole world as full of GOLD.
(9) YOUR love of worship will INCREASE.
May you please1 help us always with no CEASE?
(10) GIVE, GIVE, till it hurts.
Lord helping you always of all you DESERVE.
(11) As you Sow, You shall Reap.
Is true verses always INDEED.
(12) I am THIRTY years with the Center.
I feel always new bom when I ENTER
(13) Will close with Faith, Peace and Love.
Our prayer answered from Heaven Above.
by Isaac M. Kabbani
CHEVRA KADISHA OF JACKSONVILLE
The care and consideration and respect that
are bestowed upon the living must be accorded the
dead as they are attended, prepared and escorted
to their final abode on earth. To assist in the prepa-
ration and burial of the dead is one of the greatest
mitzvot in our faith.
The association that is organized to perform
this service is appropriately named Chevra Kadisha,
the Holy Society. It was one of the first associations
to be established in the traditional Jewish com-
munity of the past. Membership in the Chevra
Kadisha has always been accounted a unique privi-
lege. The members must be observant Jews, of high
moral character, who meet together from time to
time to review the requisite rituals and practices
and the problems that are encountered when the
Chevra Kadisha officiates.
The local Chevra Kadisha was organized this
past January as an organization completely inde-
pendent of, but working closely with the local
synagogues and rabbis, to prepare and bury the
dead with honor and dignity according to Jewish
law and customs. President of the local group is
Joel Bressler who may be contacted for further
information.
McDUFF JOINS
I lotpxrLnJr
IN CELEBRATING
THEIR...
FOLLOW THE
1־ loLfucrLnJr
VALUES TO
McDUFF
241
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directoty
