stf
ES2222222SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS2S2SSSSSSSSSS2SSSSS? WsMAAAAAA&AAAAAAAAA^WWVVWW
Stories of the Talmud, Selections from
the Shulchan Aruch, History.
It is to be hoped that now when
such a propitious beginning has
been made for the erection of a
Jacksonville Jewish Center under the
leadership of Dr. Samuel Benjamin
and with the writer making every
effort to fulfill the other require-
ments so far as it lies in his power,
the local Jewish community will rise
to the occasion and their child¬
ren’s sake will carry the work to a
successful conclusion.
THE JEW AND JUDAISM IN
AMERICAN HISTORY
Address By President Calvin Coolidge
We have gathered this afternoon
to lay with appropriate ceremony
and solemnity the cornerstone of a
temple. The splendid structure
which is to rise here will be the
home of the Jewish Community Cen¬
ter of Washington. It will be at
once a monument to the achieve¬
ments of the past, and a help in the
expansion of these achievements into
a wider field of usefulness in the
future. About this institution will
be organised, and from it will be
radiated, the influences of those civic
works in which the genius of the
Jewish people has always found such
eloquent expression. Such an estab¬
lishment, so noble in its physical
proportions, so generous in its social
purposes, is truly a part of the civic
endowment of the nation’s capital.
Beyond that, its existence here at
the seat of the national government
makes it in a peculiar way a testi¬
mony and an example before the en¬
tire country.
This year is a year of national
anniversaries, States, cities, and towns
throughout all the older part of the
country, wil be celebrating their
varied parts in the historic events
which a century and a half ago
marked the beginning of the Ameri¬
can Revolution. It will be a year
of dedications and re-dedications. It
will recall the heroic events from
which emerged a great modern na¬
tion consecrated to liberty, equality,
and human rights. It will remind
us, as a nation, of how a common
spiritual inspiration was potent to
bring and mould and weld together
into a national unity, the many and
scattered colonial communities that
had been planted along the Atlantic
seaboard. In a time when the need
of that unification, understanding
and tolerance, which are necessary
to a national spirit, is so great, it
will recall the fact that the fathers
not only confronted these same prob¬
lems in forms far more difficult than
they are today, but also solved them.
Among the peoples of the 13 colo¬
nies, there were few ties of acquain¬
tance, of commercial or industrial in¬
terest. There were great differences
in political sentiments, even within
the local communities, while there
were wide divergences among the
several colonies, in origin, in religion,
in social outlook.
If we would seek a fairly accurate
impression of conditions at the be¬
ginning of the Revolution, we must
attempt a really continental view of
North America as it was in 1775.
The group of new-born common¬
wealths which we commonly refer
to as “the original 13 colonies,” and
which in our minds represent a con¬
siderable measure of nationality al¬
ready achieved, did not in fact even
know that they would be 13 in
number. No man, on the day of
Lexington, could be altogether sure
that the Revolution was more than
a New England affair. It might or
it might not draw the middle and
southern colonies into its armed ar-
!2222SWA?WWWWVWWWVWWWtN7VWWVWWWWWWWW7WWWWWVWWWgS'Jaai]
19
