Jacksonville in the field of Hebrew
education occupies a shameful posh
tion. The situation, however, is not
hopeless. It demands immediate at'
tention, and with sufficient effort a
remedy can be found.
“Three elements,” say our sages,
“enter into the creation of a child’s
life, father, mother, and God.” In
moulding his life a fourth powerful
influence must be added, the teacher.
In raising a child under modern con-
ditions the responsibility is divided
between parents and teachers, the
home and the school and generally
the greatest share is borne by the
latter.
A survey of Jewish life in Jack¬
sonville to-day, and judging by the
number of organised Jews in this
community belonging to one Jewish
organisation or another, there are
three hundred Jewish homes totally
indifferent to everything Jewish,
having no connection whatsoever
with any Jewish activity, and pre¬
sumably so far as the Jewish religion,
culture, and traditions are concerned
absolutely dead. Another large
group hovers on the border line be¬
tween total indifference and some
slight reaction to things Jewish e. g.
belonging in name to some Jewish
organisation but seldom if ever par¬
ticipating in the activities of that or¬
ganisation. Only a very small minor¬
ity, a handful, are fully conscious
of their responsibility as Jews and
understand the importance and value
of Jewish education. It is this group
co-operating with the rabbi and
teachers which can yet save the Jack¬
sonville Jewish community from utter
degradation and extinction.
It is an undeniable fact that Jew¬
ish criminals who are children of the
richest assimilationist class, as well as
those of the slums never received
the least Jewish training, never heard
of the Biblical law, “He who sheds
human blood, his own shall be spilt.”
Where the cause is the same, the
effect must be likewise. What
guarantee, then, have our Jackson¬
ville assimilationist rich or indifferent
middle class that their children will
be any better when they too are ex¬
posed only to the temptations and
wiles of modern life without the
temperate influence of the Jewish re¬
ligion and teachings.
Parents should send their children
to Hebrew school not in a perfunc¬
tory manner, but with a feeling that
it is a holy duty, an absolute neces¬
sity. The children will, then, catch
this spirit too, and their entire at¬
titude to the school and the ideals
for which it stands will soon change
from indifference and antipathy to
love and devotion.
To achieve this aim three main
factors must be taken into considera¬
tion (1) the school building and its
location, (2) the teaching staff or
faculty, (3) the system or curricu¬
lum.
In determining the physical appear¬
ance of the school one must take into
consideration the psychological atti¬
tude of the child to the Hebrew
School. He is naturally disinclined
to go there on the general principle
that it means additional work. Fur¬
thermore it encroaches upon his play
time and there is no adequate com¬
pensation in public approval even if
he succeeds in his Hebrew studies.
And when one knows that even in
the public school where attendance
is compulsory every effort is made
to make the classroom as attractive
as possible one can readily realize
how much more important and neces¬
sary it is to have beautiful surround¬
ings in the Hebrew School.
It is for this reason that every
Jewish community of any conse¬
quence in this country has in the
last few years erected marvelously
beautiful Jewish Centers where the
educational facilities occupy the most
important place. In Jacksonville,
however, the Hebrew School is
located in the basement of an old
dilapidated structure in the slums of
the city. Little wonder, then, that
it has failed to attract the children
and that its influence in the com¬
munity is practically nil.
'
iBTWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWVWWWWWWWWVWWWWWWWvVtai
17
