is the minstrel show, how contrary
to fact and the true Jewish spirit
of martyrdom is that play. But
what do these children and young
men know of Jewish history, tradi-
tions, and loyalty to ideals for which
we have bled and suffered through'
out our existence?
Here is what one of this class,
Morris Diamond, delegate of the
local Young Judaea Club to the last
convention at New Orleans has to
say about his own generation and the
conditions under which it was raised
in Jacksonville, “I had the honor of
representing Jacksonville at the con'
vention. I went to this convention,
sort of in the rut, as to what Ju¬
daism really meant. I was groping
in the dark and in ignorance of my
own ideals and those of my people,
a sort of life in constant dusk. But
what a beautiful awakening the con¬
vention was. It renewed my faith
and imbued me with enthusiasm for
my people and their traditions.”
And this is what he has to say
of Jewish conditions in New Orleans,
“The greater part of the Jewish
youth in New Orleans speaks and
understands Hebrew. It was a rev¬
elation to me to hear boys and girls
of my own age speaking Hebrew
fluently and fully conversant with
Jewish life and conditions both in
the past and present.”
It is interesting to learn how such
pleasing and astounding results have
been obtained in New Orleans, and,
perhaps, profit by this knowledge.
Up to a few years ago New Orleans,
had only one orthodox congregation
and three reform congregations whose
members were but slightly interested
in Judaism and Jewish education.
The organized conservative Jewish
element in New Orleans is probably
no stronger than that in Jacksonville.
But for the last seven years New
Orleans has maintained a Communal
Hebrew' School under the supervision
of a renowned principal and peda¬
gogue with a staff of five expert
teachers. The school has an enroll¬
ment of 200 pupils and has an
annual budget of $20,000. This
amount is raised from voluntary
membership contributions. Recently
a new Hebrew school was organized
by a conservative congregation and
it already has an enrollment of over
1Ó0 children.
The writer had the opportunity to
lecture there in Hebrew before the
pupils of the school and all of them
listened attentively and many later
discussed the subject in Hebrew.
Some of the graduates of the New
Orleans Hebrew School are continu¬
ing their Jewish studies in the Rab¬
binical training schools in New York
and Chicago. Many of the graduates
are easily superior in knowledge to
the teachers employed in some He¬
brew schools in this country and
were it not for their youth could
readily occupy such positions.
The influence of such a Hebrew
School makes itself felt in most un¬
expected places. Thus, for example,
has the New Orleans Orphan Asy¬
lum which has such little regard for
Jewishness that it feeds “trefa” food
to the children, found it necessary to
introduce Hebrew instruction given
by the teachers of this Communal
Hebrew School, and even Tulane Uni¬
versity has established a chair for
Hebrew, thanks largely to the efforts
of the Hebrew School authorities.
The Hebrew School conducts spe¬
cial services for the children which
can well serve as a model for adult
congregations. The order and de¬
corum is perfect. These services are
conducted entirely by the children
themselves and are inspiring in the
highest degree.
But New Orleans is not the excep¬
tion. Almost every American Jew¬
ish community of the size of Jack¬
sonville has similar Hebrew educa¬
tional institutions. For example, not
to go too far afield. Savannah has
a Hebrew School with four teachers
and two hunderd pupils, Miami has
three teachers and one hundred and
fifty children and so we could multi¬
ply examples ad infintum. In com¬
parison, then, with other communities
16
