tains. Major Benjamin Nones has
been referred to as the Jewish Lafay-
ette. He came from France in 1777,
enlisted in the Continentals as a voh
unteer private, served on the staffs
of both Washington and Layfayette,
and later was attached to the com-
mand of Baron De Kalb, in which
were a number of Tews. When De
Kalb was fatally wounded in the
thickest of the fighting at the Battle
of Camden, the three officers who
were at hand to bear him from the
field were Major Nones, Captain De
La Motta, and Captain Jacob De
Leon, all of them Jews. It is inter'
esting to know that at the time of
the Revolution there was a larger
Jewish element in the southern colo-
nies than would have been found
there at most later periods; and these
Jews of the Carolinas and Georgia
were ardent supporters of the Revo-
lution. One corps of infantry raised
in Charleston, South Carolina, was
composed preponderantly of Jews,
and they gave a splendid account of
themselves in the fighting in that
section.
It is easy to understand why a
people with the historic background
of the Jews, should thus overwhelm'
ingly and unhestitatingly have allied
themselves with the cause of free-
dom. From earliest colonial times,
America has been a new land of
promise to this long'persecuted race.
The Jewish community of the
United States is not only the second
most numerous in the world, but in
respect if its old world origins it is
probably the most cosmopolitan. But
whatever their origin as a people,
they have always come to us, eager
to adapt themselves to our institU'
tions, to thrive under the influence
of liberty, to take their full part as
citizens in building and sustaining
the nation, and to bear their part
in its defense; in order to make a
contribution to the national life, fully
worthy of the traditions they had in-
herited.
The institution for which we are
today dedicating this splendid home,
is not a charity to minister to the
body, but rather to the soul. The
14,000 Jews who live in this Capital
City have passed, under the favoring
auspices of American institutions, be'
yond the need for any other benevo'
lence. They are planting here a
home for community service; fixing a
center from which shall go forth
the radiations of united effort for
advancement in culture, in education,
in social opportunity. Here will be
the seat of organized influence for
the preservation and dissemination
of all that is best and most useful,
of all that is leading and enlighten-
ing, in the culture and philosophy of
this “peculiar people” who have so
greatly given to the advancement of
humanity.
Our country has done much for
the Jews who have come here to
accept its citizenship and assume their
share of its responsibilities in the
world. But I think the greatest
thing it has done for them has been
to receive them and treat them pre-
cisely as it has received and treated
all others who have come to it. If
our experiment in free institutions
has proved anything, it is that the
greatest privilege that can be con-
ferred upon people in the mass, is
to free them from the demoralizing
influence enjoyed by the few. This
is proved by the experience here, not
alone of the Jews, but of all the
other racial and national elements
that have entered into the making of
this Nation. We have found that
when men and women are left free
to find the places for which they
are best fitted, some few of them
will indeed attain less exalted stations
than under a regime of privilege;
but the vast multitude will rise to a
higher level, to wider horizons, to
worthier attainments.
To go forward on the same broad-
ening lines that have marked the
national development thus far, must
be our aim. It is an easy thing to
say, but not so simple to do. There
are bogs and morasses, blind roads
and bad detours. No philosophy of
«TWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWVVWWWWWWWVWWWWWSAKsa 11
22
