|KÍAVWWwwvvw\AA^.AA^AA:AXÁAAXAÁAAO'C^AX/C\7CA7l\AAV\AAAAAAAA&A&AV*6&¿VVl2;»:^Y*V>¿|
President, Secretary, Treasurer and three Trustees, and the title to all property,
real or personal, shall vest in the trustees, and all of said officers shall be elected
by the congregation, and all officers shall be elected on the first day of January
of each and every year, unless otherwise changed at any time by the by-laws.
(7) The officers who are to manage the affairs of said corporation and
in whom the title to all property, real and personal, shall vest, until the first
election under the charter, shall be Max Frank, President; Samuel Controvits;,
Vice President; Louis Rosenstein, Secretary; Alex Ossinsky, Treasurer; and E.
H. Pilton, Morris Wexler and A. Hirsch, Trustees.
(8) The By-Laws of the corporation are to be made, altered or rescinded
by the President, Vice-President and Secretary.
(9) The highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which the corpora¬
tion can at any time subject itself, shall not be greater than two-thirds of the
value of the property held by said corporation, whatever that value may be.
MAX FRANK, Jacksonville, Florida.
S. CONTROVITZ, Jacksonville, Fla.
E. H. PILTON, Jacksonville, Fla.
A. HIRSCH, Jacksonville, Fla.
M. WEXLER, Jacksonville, Fla.
ALEX OSSINSKY, Jacksonville, Fla.
L. ROSENSTEIN, Jacksonville, Fla.
STATE OF FLORIDA
Duval County
Before me, the subscriber, personally came L. Rosenstein, who first being
duly sworn, says that he is one of the subscribers to the foregoing proposed char¬
ter and subscribed his name thereto, and that it is intended in good faith to carry
out the purposes and objects set forth therein.
L. ROSENSTEIN.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 2nd day of November, 1901, at
Jacksonville, Florida.
C. SETON FLEMING,
Notary Public, State of Florida at Large.
I certify that on the 6th day of December, 1901, I recorded the foregoing
instrument in the Public Records of Duval County, Florida.
P. D. CASSIDEY.
Clerk Circuit Court.
This matter coming on to be heard upon this 5th day of December, and it
appearing to the Court that due and legal advertisement has been made pursuant
to statute, and it further appearing that the object of the corporation is such as
contemplated by the statue. Now therefore, it is ordered, adjudged and de¬
creed that the enclosed charter proposed be and the same is hereby approved.
Done and ordered this Decembr 5, 1901. R. M. CALL, Judge.
In 1907 the membership of the B’nai Israel Congregation had increased to
seventy five, and the congregation felt strong enough to begin the erection of a
suitable edifice to house its religious and educational activities. For true to the
principles of their faith they laid s cress not only on public worship but
also on the education of their young. Provision was, therefore, made in the
new building for a Hebrew School with three classrooms and a larger room for
assembly purposes. The upper floor serves as the synagogue proper with a
gallery reserved for the ladies.
A large lot in what was then the fashionable residential section on the cor¬
ner of Jefferson and Duval Street was selected as the site. The remarkable
courage and faith of those devoted Sons of Israel can be gauged by the fact that
IwTWWWWWWWWwvwvwwwjsyvwwwwwvwwwwvWwwywwwwwwc-vM
26
