ingly impressive in all the New Eng'
land colonies, and only less so in the
others. In the Connecticut code of
1650, the Mosaic model is adopted,
the magistrates were authorized to
administer justice “according to the
laws here established, and, for want
of them, according to the word of
God.” In the New Haven code of
1655, there were 79 topical statutes
for the Government, half of which
contained references to the Old Tes-
tament. the founders of the New
Haven colony, John Davenport and
Theophilus Eaton, were expert He-
brew scholars. rhe extent to which
they leaned upon the moral and ad'
ministrative system, laid down by the
Hebrew lawgivers, was responsible
for their conviction that the Hebrew
language and literature ought to be
made as familiar as possible to all the
people. So it was that John Daven-
port arranged that in the first public
school in New Haven the Hebrew
language should be taught. The
preachers of those days, saturated in
the religion and literature of the
Hebrew prophets, were leaders, teach'
ers, moral mentors and even political
philosophers for their flocks. A peo-
pie raised under such leadership,
given to much study and contem-
plation of the scriptures, inevitably
became more familiar with the great
figures of Hebrew history, with Josh'
ua, Samuel, Moses, Joseph, David,
Solomon, Gideon, Elisha—than they
were with the stories of their own
ancestors as recorded in the pages
of profane history.
The sturdy old divines of those
days found the Bible a chief source
of illumination for their arguments in
support of the patriot cause. They
knew the Book. They were pro'
foundly familiar with it, and emin¬
ently capable in the exposition of all
its justifications for rebellion. To
them, the record of the exodus from
Egypt was indeed an inspired pre¬
cedent. They knew what arguments
fully influence their people. It re¬
quired no great stretch of logical
processes to demonstrate that the
children of Israel making bricks
without straw in Egypt, had their
modern counterpart in the people of
the colonies, enduring the imposition
of taxation without representation!
And the Jews themselves, of whom
a considerable number were already
scattered throughout the colonies,
were true to the teachings of their
own prophets. The Jewish faith is
predominantly the faith of Liberty.
From the beginnings of the conflict
between the colonies and the mother
country, they were overwhelmingly
on the side of the rising revolution.
You will recognize them when I
read the names of some among the
merchants who unhesitatingly signed
nonimportation resolution of 1765:
Issac Moses, Benjamin Levy, Samson
Levy, David Franks, Joseph Jacobs,
Hayman Levy, Jr., Matthias Bush,
Michael Bratz, Bernard Bratz, Issac
Franks, Moses Mordecai, Benjamin
Jacobs, Samuel Lyon and Manual
Mordecai Noah.
Not only did the colonial Jews
join early and enthusiastically in the
non-intercourse program, but when
the time came for raising and sus¬
taining an army, they were ready to
serve wherever they could be most
useful. There is a romance in the
story of Havm Salomon, Polish Jew
financier of the Revolution. Born
in Poland, he was made prisoner by
the British forces in New York, and
when he escaped set up in business
in Philadelphia. He negotiated for
Robert Morris all the loans raised in
France and Holland, pledged his per¬
sonal faith and fortune for enormous
amounts, and personally advaced large
sums to such men as James Madison,
Thomas Jefferson, Baron Steuben,
General St. Clair, and many other
patriot leaders who testified that
without his aid they could not have
carried on in the cause.
A considerable number of Jews
became officers in the continental
forces. The records show at least
four Jews who served as Lieutenant
Colonels, three as Majors and cer¬
tainly six, probably more, as Cap-
i?W7W999TOWTO9W9TO9W99WWW'7W9W99WV^^g?WWWWWWWWWW?V9yá||
21
