ray of resistance. On the other
hand, the 13 might have been joined
by Canada, whch was British in sov-
ereignty, but chiefly French in popu-
lation, by Florida and Louisiana,
which were both mainly Spanish. In
short, there might have been 14, or
15 or 16 original colonies participating
in the North American revolution
against Europe, or there might have
been less than a half dozen of them.
At that time, France had no terri-
tory within continental North Ameri¬
ca. But this condition had existed
for only a short time since the end
of the Seven Years War. France
had by no. means become reconciled
to this exclusion from a part in the
North American empire; and only a
little later, in the year 1800, under
a new treaty with Spain, resumed
the sovereignty of the Mississippi
Valley. Three years after this, bene¬
fiting by the fortunes of the Na¬
poleonic wu.rs, President Jefferson
confronted, and promptly seized the
opportunity to buy Louisiana from
Napoleon. Even then, many years
were yet to pass before the last
claims of Spain should be extinguish¬
ed from this continent.
I have recounted these scraps of
territorial history, because unless we
keep them in mind we shall not at
all comprehend the task of unifica¬
tion, of nation building, that the
Revolutionary fathers undertook
when they not only dared the power
of Great Britain, but set themselves
against the tradition of the subor¬
dination of America to Europe. As
we look back, we realize that to bind
them together. Their chief commer¬
cial interests were not among them¬
selves, but with the mother country
across the Atlantic. New England
was predominantly Puritan, the
southern colonies were basically cava¬
lier. New York was in the main
Dutch. Pennsylvania had been
founded by the Quakers, while New
Jersey needed to go back but a short
distance to find its beginnings in a
migration from Sweden.
There were well-nigh as many di¬
vergencies of religious faith as there
were of origin, politics and geogra¬
phy. Yet, in the end, these religious
differences proved rather unimpor¬
tant. While the early dangers in
some colonies made a unity in belief
and all else a necessity to existence,
at the bottom of the colonial charac¬
ter lay a stratum of religious liber¬
alism which had animated most of
the early comers. From its begin¬
nings, the new continent had seemed
destined to be the home of religious
tolerance. Those who claimed the
right of individual choice for them¬
selves finally had to grant it to
others. Beyond that—and this was
one of the factors which I think
weighed heaviest on the side of unity
—the Bible was the one work of
literature that was common to all of
them. The scriptures were read and
studied everywhere. There are many
testimonies that their teachings be¬
came the most important intellectual
and spiritual force for unification.
I remember to have read somewhere,
I think in the writings of the his¬
torian Lecky, the observation that
“Hebraic mortar cemented the found¬
ations of American democracy.”
Lecky had in mind this very influ¬
ence of the Bible in drawing together
the feelings and sympathies of the
widely scattered communities. All
the way from New Hampshire to
Georgia, they found a common
ground of faith and reliance in the
scriptural writings.
In those days books were few, and
even those of a secular character
were largely the product of a scholar¬
ship which used the scriptures as the
model and standard of social inter¬
pretation. It was to this, of course,
that Lecky referred. He gauged
correctly a force too often underes¬
timated and his observation was pro¬
foundly wise. It suggests, in a wav
which none of us can fail to under¬
stand, the debt which the younv
American nation owed to the sacred
writing that the Hebrew people gave
to the world.
This biblical influence was strik-
lVWVWVWWWWWWWWWWWW?wwvwvwvwvwvwvvwwsA?wwwvwwwwv-'-w
20
