EkAAAA&AAAAAAAAAAAAAAMA¿AAAAAAA52sAAAAAAAMAA^WsAAAM¿AAAAAA¿¿WWWWywwp
Jewish Organizations in Jacksonville
CONGREGATION B'NAI ISRAEL
More than a quarter of a century has elapsed since the Congregation B’nai
Israel came into existence. Its history tells the story of the everlasting struggle on
the part of the Jew to remain loyal to his religion and traditions despite the
tempting smiles of fortune or the frowns of misfortune. There were only five.
orthodox Jewish families in Jacksonville when the sentiment for the creation of
an orthodox Jewish Congregation began to crystalline and take on a definite
form.
These five families although lacking by a half the necessary number for the
traditional minyan yet held their own services on the High Holidays in the
Masonic Temple which was then located at the corner of Broad and West For'
sythe Street. A reform congregation was already then in existence, but the sense
of loyalty to traditional Judaism was too strong in the hearts of these orthodox
Jews to permit them to assimilate with their financially and numerically stronger
brethren.
Their zeal and loyalty to their holy convictions was rewarded, for in a short
time their number grew so that in the year 1901 they already counted forty
members and proceeded to realize their ideal by legally incorporating the first
orthodox Hebrew Congregation in Jacksonville.
The following is an exact copy of the charter:
To the Honorable R. M. Call, Judge of the Circuit Court of the Fourth Judicial
Circuit of Florida, in and for Duval County, Florida:
We, the undersigned, citizens of Duval County, Florida, desiring to form a
religious society and to become incorporated under the laws of the State of
Florida, herewith present to your Honor the following proposed Charter, duly
subscribed by the intended corporators, and pray that said proposed charter may
be approved.
PROPOSED CHARTER
The name of the corporation shall be “The Hebrew Orthodox Congregation'
Bney Israel” and the place where said corporation is to be located shall be in
the City of Jacksonville, Duval County, Florida.
(2) The general nature of the object of the corporation is to hold and
conduct religious services according to the Hebrew form of worship; to erect
and maintain a synagogue and to have said corporation hold the title to any and
all real estate or personalty said corporation may acquire in any manner whatso'
ever and to provide for the compensation of a Rabbi or such other person as said
congregation or corporation may elect; and provide the manner in which all
matters and things pertaining to said corporation shall be governed and con-
ducted.
(3) The qualification of the members of said congregation shall be good
moral standing and Hebrew or Jewish nationality, and the manner of their ad'
mission shall be by vote of the members present at any meeting called for that
express purpose, and the candidate applying for admission must receive a
majority vote of the members present at such meeting, when he shall be ad'
mitted to membership.
(4) The term for which this corporation is to exist shall be ninety-nine
years.
(5) The names and residences of the subscribers hereto are Max Frank,
Samuel Controvitz, E. H. Pilton, Morris Wexler, A. Hirsch, Alex Ossinsky and
Louis Rosenstein; all of said subscribers are residents of Jacksonville, Florida.
(6) The affairs of the corporation are to be managed by a President, Vice'
l?2Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwv^wwvwwwwwwvwwwwwwvwwwwwwsgi|j
25
