history has ever succeeded in charting
accurately days of the future. No
science of social engineering has been
able to build wide and easy roads by
which to bring up the van of human
progress in sure and easy marches.
The race is always pioneering. It
always has been and always must be.
It dare not tire of unending effort
and repeated disappointments. It
must not in any moment of weariness
Least of all can we indulge the satis-
factions of complacency, imagining
that the sum of useful progress has
been attained. The community or
the civilization that ceases to pro-
gress, begins that hour to recede.
The work of spiritual unification
is not completed. Factional, section¬
al, social and political lines of con¬
flict yet persist. Despite all experi¬
ence, society continues to engender
the hatreds and jealousies whereof
are born domestic strife and interna¬
tional conflicts. But education and
enlightenment are breaking their
force. Reason is emerging. Every
inheritance of the Jewish people,
every teaching of their secular his¬
tory and religious experience, draws
them powerfully to the side of chari¬
ty, liberty and progress. They have
always been arrayed on this side, and
we may be sure they will not desert
it. Made up of so many diverse
elements, our country must cling to
those fundamentals that have been
tried and proved as buttresses of na¬
tional solidarity.
It must be our untiring effort, to
maintain, to improve, and, so far as
may be humanly possible, to perfect
those institutions which have proved
capable of guaranteeing our unity,
and strengthening us in advancing
the estate of the common man. This
edifice which you are rearing here,
is a fine example for other com¬
munities. It speaks a purpose to up¬
hold an ancient and noble philosophy
of life and living, and yet to assure
that such philosophy shall always be
adapted to the requirements of
changing times, increasing knowledge
and developing institutions. It is a
guarantee that you will keep step
with liberty.
This capacity for adaptation in de¬
tail, without sacrifice of essentials,
has been one of the special lessons
which the marvelous history of the
Jewish people has taught. It is a
lesson which our country, and every
country based on the principle of
popular government, must learn and
apply, generation by generation, year
by year, yes, even day by day. You
are raising here a testimonial to the
capacity of the Jewish people to do
this. In the advancing years, as
those who come and go shall gaze
upon this civic and social landmark,
may it be a constant reminder of the
inspiring service that has been ren¬
dered to civilization by men and
women of the Jewish faith. May
they recall the long array of those
who have been eminent in state¬
craft, in science, in literature, in art,
in the professions, in business, in fi¬
nance, in philanthropy and in the
spiritual life of the world. May
they pause long enough to contemplate
that the patriots who laid the found¬
ation of this Republic drew their
faith from the Bible. May they give
due credit to the people among whom
the Holy Scriptures came into being.
And as they ponder the assertion
that “Hebraic mortar cemented the
foundations of American democracy,
they cannot escape the conclusion
that if American democracy is to re¬
main the greatest hope of humanity,
it must continue abundantly in the
faith of the Bible.
PROGRESS
There was a time when certain women who smoked and drank liquor
privately were considered immoral. Some women who do these things publicly
today are considered “smart”. And this is called progress! There are some of
us who prefer to be called old fogies. Alexander Lyons
23
