^¿i¿ií;>¿^^WWWwwv^AA5SSZ^^W^AAAAA¿^®VSAAAAA¿AAAAAAAAAAA¿^AAAAAAAAAA/Í
Feldman, treasurer, and Mr. Philip Bork, secretary; Messrs. Max Rubin
Abraham Newman, Louis Richardson, Henry Herzenberg, Louis H. Cohen and
Hyem Kramer, directors.
It is affiliated with the Zionist Organization of America with headquarters
at New York. The local organization has been active in Keren Hayesod work
and in the raising of funds for other Jewish National purposes.
In 1920 a large Interdenominational Zionist demonstration was held at
the armory. This was preceded by a parade in which all the Jewish organiza¬
tions in the city participated.
JOLLY EIGHT CLUB
The Jolly Eight Club was organized June 30, 1925. It has twelve members
and engages in social and charity work- The officers are Mrs. Gertrude B.
Witten, president; Anna H. Goldstein, secretary; Fannie Stone, treasurer; and
Etta Joel, news reporter.
HEBREW SHELTERING AND AID SOCIETY
The Hebrew Sheltering and Aid Society was organized in January
1922. It now counts 140 members and its object is to give shelter and food
to needy itinerants. It also extends help to deserving poor in the community.
The organization meets the last Tuesday in every month at the Y. M. H.
A. The present officers are Mrs. L. Schevitz, president and Miss Reba Wilen-
sky, secretary. The society was founded by Mrs. Musha Lasky 6? Mrs. M. Stein
WORKMEN’S CIRCLE
The Jacksonville Workmen’s Circle was organized in May 1910. It
has a membership of 72. It is a fraternal organization and members receive
help in case of sickness and their families support in case of death. Its object
is to aid the working class both materially and spiritually.
The organization maintains a school in which Yiddish is the language of
instruction. It has an annual budget of $4,750. The organization meets on
the 1st and 3rd Sunday of the month at its headquarters on Duval Street. It
is Branch 441 of the National Arbeiter Ring with headquarters at New York,
whose object it is to spread socialism among the Jewish masses.
TROOP 14 BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA
Troop 14 Boy Scouts of America was organized by a number of Jewish
boys on February 1st, 1919. It now counts 28 members. The object of the
organization is to interest Jewish boys in the Scout movement, and thus to mold
them into good citizens loyal to their country and devoted to the ideals of their
religion
The organization meets every Tuesday night at the B’nai Israel Congrega¬
tion vestry rooms. Mr. Alfred R. Stein is the Scoutmaster; Mr. Louis Moed,
assistant scoutmaster; and Mr. Joseph Wilensky, scout patrol master.
The Troop has many achievements to its credit, among them the basketball
championship for two years, and the presidential streamer for largest increase in
membership. It is interested in aiding all charities and responds to every call for
service.
PUSHALOTER RELIEF SOCIETY
The Pushaloter Relief Society was organized in 1911 by the late Mike
Schemer and H. Goldman. It now has 36 members. The present president is
Sam Smith. The object of the Society is to help needy Jews from Pushalot both
in the old country and here. Only Jews born in Pushalot or descended from
them are eligible to membership.
iwyvvgvvYWWV^^ymwwiwwwwwwvTOwvwwwwwgwwmxx^h
32
