CON GEGATION AH A VAT CHESED
The Congregation Ahavat Chesed was chartered in 1882. It now has a
membership, including juniors and contributors of 200. The requirements for
membership are to be a member of the Jewish faith and of good moral character.
Regular business meetings of the Congregation are held the second Monday of
each month. Services are held at the Temple Friday nights and Saturday Morn-
ings as well as on all Jewish holidays. The congregation is affiliated with the
Union of American Hebrew Congregations, and employs the reform ritual.
The Congregation Ahavat Chesed owns a beautiful and imposing house of
worship at the corner of Laura and Ashley Street, a prominent and desirable
location, in the very heart of the city. Of the ten original charter members
none are living to-day.
The Temple was originally located at the corner of Laura and Union Street,
but this building was destroyed by fire in the general conflagration of 1900.
The present structure was erected in 1911. Mr. Issac Peiser is the present
president.
Former presidents of the Congregation include Judge M. A. Dzialynski at
one time Mayor of Jacksonville; A. K. Lion, I. L. Moses, and Simon Benjamin.
Several of the members of the Congregation have distinguished themselves in
public life. Included among these are Charles Benedict who was chairman of
the Board of County Commissioners, Leopold Furchgott and Sig. Hess who were
members of the Board of Bond Trustees of the City of Jacksonville, M. H.
Slager and Randolph Grunthal who were members of the City Council, and M.
H. Poliak who was a member of the School Board.
The spiritual leaders of the congregation include Dr. Rabbina, Dr. Witten¬
berg, Dr. Pizer Jacobs, and the present incumbent of the Temple pulpit Dr.
Israel H. Kaplan.
JEWISH WELFARE ASSOCIATION
The Jewish Welfare Association was organized in 1917. It is one of the
28 agencies of the Jacksonville Community Chest, and every Jew who contributes
to the Community Chest becomes automatically a member of this organization.
The object of the association is the promotion of charity and welfare work
among the sick and needy Jews in this community. It may also receive con¬
tributions, donations, and bequests for all forms of relief work.
The Executive Board meets on the first Monday of each month. The
office of the organization is at 411 West Forsyth Street. Mrs. M. Leon Stern
is Executive Secretary. The other officers are Mr. David Davis, president;
Julius Hirschberg, vice president; and Mr. Neal Finkelstein, treasurer.
For the year 1926 the Jewish Welfare Association received $7,000 from
the Community Chest of which amount the following sums were sent to out of
town organizations:
Hebrew Orphan Home. Atlanta $1,500
Denver Jewish Consumptive Relief 240
Denver National Consumptive Hospital 240
Denver Ex-Patients Sanitarium 120
National Farm School. Doyelston, Pa. 60
Locally the following table shows the extent of the association’s activities:
Total number of cases 278
Employment Secured for 36
Meals given to 405
Lodgings given to ....268
^SS’WWWWWWWWWWWWWW^WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWVWgj
35
