pSSSS55SS5S5SSS55S5S5SSS5SS33S555SSSSSS5SS5S5SSSSS5SS5SS5S25S555ZS5SSS22SSSSSZ-|
the necessary financial^ help to Rev. Safer to enable him to set up in business for
the sale of meats and other “kosher” products.
For the education of the children the congregation engaged teachérs, notably
a certain Mr. Rosenberg" who, did some very good work and left a very favorable
impression. Among' others' were Messrs. Sinai, ‘ ^jlverstein and Mrs. Reznick:;
Not until 1919 did the congregation feel strong enough to engage a rabbi.
Dr. Salo Stein was then called to fill the B'nai Israel pulpit. He introduced
Friday night services and mid-week evening lectures. He was succeeded by
Rabbi C. H. Press in 1921 who remained with the congregation for two years.
For a year the congregation remained without a rabbi and then in 1924 at the
instance of the Daughters of Israel, Rabbi Arthur Ginzler was elected primarily
to supervise the Hebrew School but he also directed the religious activities of
the congregation. Dr. Ginzler resigned to accept the call of the congregation at
St. Augustine.
E. H. PILTON DAVID MOSCOVITZ
For nearly 20 years President President
On April 1st, 1926, Dr. Samuel Benjamin was elected rabbi. Dr. Benja¬
min is a graduate of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. He holds the
A. B. degree from Brown University, Providence, and the degree of Dr. Juris
from New York University. Immediately upon graduation from the Seminary
Dr. Benjamin was called to the pulpit of the Anshe Ernes Congregation, Cleve¬
land. In one year he reorganized that congregation into an institution known as
the Cleveland Jewish Center which owns the largest structure of this kind in the
world and which was erected at a cost exceeding one million dollars.
Dr. Benjamin also occupied the pulpit of the Oheb Zedek Congregation,
Cleveland, from which he resigned to go to Palestine in June 1923. In Pales¬
tine, Dr. Benjamin played a prominent role in the civic, economic and political
life of the country. He was the president of the American Organization in
Palestine, president of the American Palestine Bank, member of the Administra¬
tive Committee of the Jewish Community of Jaffe, and Tel Aviv, and a member
of the Municipal Council of Tel Aviv.
Upon his return from Palestine, Dr. Benjamin undertook at the request of
the Jerusalem Synagog-Center Fund a tour of the South on behalf of this
undertaking. Almost one thousand dollars were subscribed by the members of
the B’nai Israel Congregation to this cause in response to his appeal.
In the short time that Rabbi Benjamin has been here the Congregation has
made tremendous strides forward. Its budget has increased from a bare $5,000
annually to $17,000. The membership has already reached 200 and is constantly
growing. The Hebrew School has been completely reorganized. An able prin-
28
