Since the school was reorganized in May 1926 there have registered 125
pupils. The school has continued its sessions throughout the summer and it
may here be noted that it is probably the only school in the country which did
not close, even for a brief vacation during the summer months. It is expected
that when the school season begins in the fall more than 200 children will
register. In that event more teachers will be engaged and classes so arranged
that each child will receive adequate individual attention.
The Hebrew School is now located in the vestry rooms of the B’nai Israel
Congregation. A beautiful and spacious bus brings the children living at a dis'
tance from the school to their classes. Every child is thus enabled to visit the
Hebrew School no matter in what part of the city he resides.
Preparations are being made for an Educational Propaganda Week directly
before the fall registration which will bring home to every parent the need of
giving his child a Jewish training. During the festival of “Sucot” a public cele'
bration will be given by the pupils of the Hebrew School and the progress so far
made clearly shown.
Dr. Samuel Benjamin is supervisor of the school; Mr. Joseph Schenkerman
principal; Miss Pearl Becker, teacher. The Board of Education consists of Mr.
Joseph Witten, Chairman; Mr. J. H. Slott, Secretary; Rev. B. Safer, Rev. M.
Becker, J. Lapinsky, Louis Richardson, Dr. J. T. Wilensky, Mr. M. J. Weinkle
and Harry Finkelstein.
Under the auspices of the Hebrew School in conjunction with the Hebrew
Junior League evening classes for adults have been organized. These classes
meet every Tuesday night at 8:30 o’clock. There are classes in Hebrew Con'
versation, reading and writing; Modern Hebrew Literature, Bible, Jewish History
and Teachers’ Training.
The following pupils of the Hebrew School are deserving of special mention,
for the progress and proficiency shown in their studies:
Irving Kantor, Philip Selber, Florence Cohen, Rachel Cohen, Samuel Cohen,
Bessie Cohen, Aaron Rosenberg, Joseph Mizrachi, Fannie Feinblum, Rose Mos-
covitz, Samuel Bork, Louis Becker, Ralph Meyerson and Irving Klepper.
JEWISH GIRLS’ CLUB
The Jewish Girl’s Club is a junior organization which was organized Feb'
ruary 22, 1924. All Jewish girls between 13 and 15 years of age are eligible
to membership. The club now has 13 members. The officers are Helen Peltz,
President; Clara Morganstern, Secretary; and Pearl Kass, Treasurer.
It is well worth noting that this young club presented an allegorical play at
the Y. M. H. A. and contributed the proceeds, fifty dollars, to the Jacksonville
Hebrew School.
GIRL SCOUTS OF AMERICA
Violet Troop 4, Girl Scouts of America, was organized by Miss Marcella
Richardson, June 6, 1926 with children attending the B’nai Israel Sunday School.
Any girl eleven years of age and older is eligible for membership. The officers
and leaders of the troop are: Captain, Miss Marcella Richardson; Lieutenant,
Miss Sophie Grossman; Patrol Leaáer, Magnolia Patrol, Jeanette Blattner; Patrol
Leader, Red Rose Patrol, Helen Peltz; Corporal Leader, Red Rose Patrol, Edith
Moscovitz; Scribe, Rachel Cohen; Treasurer, Rosylin Magezes Sponsors, Daught'
ers of Israel and Hebrew Junior League.
JACKSONVILLE CAMP, ORDER SONS OF ZION
The Jacksonville Camp of the Order Sons of Zion was organized in 1910 by
the late H. Goldman and Mr. M. J. Weinkle. It now has a membership of
thirty. It is a Zionist organization differing from the Zionist district only in
that its members receive insurance benefits similar to those of other fraternal
organizations.
js^'?wgsggw9wwwwwwwwv;wwwwwwwvwwywwwwwwwwwwwz,s')sa
30
