cipal has been engaged and over 125 pupils are already registered.
Wholly at the instance of Rabbi Benjamin the congregation has launched
a movement for the erection of a Jewish Center in Jacksonville. A site has been
selected at the North West corner of Silver and Third Street facing the park,
and the first payment for this has been made from subscriptions entirely from
members of the B’nai Israel Congregation.
The officers and trustees of the congregation are David Moscovita, PresL
dent; M. Bucholtz, Vice-President; Judah Joel, Treasurer; Hyem Kramer, Secre-
tary; P. Newman, Max Rubin, and M. Feldman, Trustees.
The Board of Education consists of Mr. Joseph Witten, Chairman; J. H.
Slott, Secretary; Mr. Jacob Lapinsky, Rev. Benjamin Safer, Max Rubin, and
Louis Richardson.
The Cemetery Committee consists of Mr. David Davis, Chairman and
Messrs. Max Rubin, E. H. Pilton, Louis Bucholtz and Neal Finkelstein. Mr
Flenry Herzenberg is “Gabai” of the Chevra Kadisha, and the other members
are Rev. B. Safer, S. Cantor, D. Rippa, Harry Klein, S. Ghelerter and Rev. M.
Becker.
JACKSONVILLE HEBREW SCHOOL
The Jacksonville Hebrew School was founded simultaneously with the
B’nai Israel Congregation but has undergone many changes and developments
since that time. At first it was in the form of the typical European “Cheder”
with the “shochet” or cantor acting as the teacher. In 1922 the Daughters of
Israel assumed the responsibility for maintaining the Talmud Torah and with
extraordinary zeal and painstaking care succeeded in introducing a modern
system and methods.
With the coming of Rabbi Samuel Benjamin to Jacksonville the Talmud
Torah was completely reorganized. Mr. Joseph Schenkerman, an able and ex-
perienced pedagogue, was engaged as principal. He introduced the curriculum
adopted by the best Hebrew Schools in the country, and arranged classes to
enable every child desiring a Jewish training to find a proper place.
At present the school has the following classes: (1) A Preparatory Class,
(2) First Class for Beginners, (3) Second Class for Advanced Pupils, (4) Bar
BEAUTIFUL SITE OF PROPOSED JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER
Mitzva Class for boys about to become confirmed. In the first two classes
the natural method i. e. Ivrit b’lvrit is used but in the last two classes due to
the children’s earlier training the Hebrew-English translation system is em¬
ployed.
IZWVWWWWWWWWWWWWWV^WWVWWWVWWVWVVWWWWWWWWWWWSM
29
