KWWyWWWWWWSAAAA¿AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWyWWWW!>AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA¿j
71.61 was sent for the milk fund.
35.00 was sent for the penny luncheons.
35.00 was sent for child welfare work.
188.75 was sent for membership dues.
200.00 was given for the United Jewish Drive.
Mrs. Neal Finkelstein was elected a delegate and attended the Hadassah
and Zionist convention at Buffalo June 2, 1926.
DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
The Daughters of Israel were organized in April 1922 as the ladies auxiliary
of the B’nai Israel Congregation. The organization proved a great success from
the very beginning for its appeal was based on the great ideal of Jewish
education.
The Daughters of Israel in addition to fulfilling all the duties usually in¬
cumbent upon a Sisterhood such as aiding the congregation financially and caring
for various social and philanthropic activities took full resposibility for the main¬
tenance of a Hebrew School in Jacksonville. They engaged Rabbi Arthur Ginz-
ler as the head of the educational activities and thus provided spiritual leadership
for the congregation as a whole.
Mrs. Harry Finkelstein was the first president and it was her splendid
leadership which was largely responsible for the zeal and enthusiasm of the mem¬
bers. At the end of her term Mrs. Samuel Aronowitz was elected president
and continued the good work.
Upon the resignation of Mrs. Samuel Aronowitz due to her leaving town
Mrs. Max Rubin was unaimously elected president. With the indomitable zeal
for which this outstanding Jacksonville Jewish commual leader is noted she in¬
spired the organization to maintain the Hebrew and Sunday School despite all
obstacles and difficulties. During her term over $4,000 were expended by the
Daughters of Israel on behalf of Jewish education. It was largely due too, to
Mrs. Rubin’s broadness of vision and her all embracing love of things Jewish
which led the Daughters of Israel to become affiliated with a national organiza¬
tion, The Women’s League of the United Synagogue of America with head¬
quarters at 531 West 123rd Street, New York City.
On April 20, 1926 new elections were held and the following officers and
members of the Executive Board were chosen: Mrs Harry Finkelstein, president;
Mrs. Louis Bucholtz, vice president; Mrs. Max Rubin, second vice president;
Mrs. M. Sagar, treasurer; Mrs. G. Kass, corresponding and financial secretary;
chairmen of committees: Mrs. Max Rubin, religious; Mrs. J. Goldstein, mem¬
bership; Mrs. J. T. Wilensky, House; Mrs. L. D. Joel, Entertainment; Miss
Ethel Joel, Social Service; Mrs. David Davis, Cooperation with other organiza¬
tions; Mrs. Samuel Bono, Flowers; Mrs. M. Hirsch, Sunday School; Mrs. M.
Witten, Synagogue'Service; Mrs. M. Chavin, By-laws; and Mrs. L. Moscovitz,
Publicity, and Mesdames Neal Finkelstein, M. Sablow, Lazar Klepper, Sam Buch-
oltz, S. Davis, H. Stillman, Jennie Goldstein, Henry Herzenberg, A. Hoffenberg,
Max Ehrlich, P. Newman, Moses Feldman, I. Kramer, A. Nabin and Miss Reba
Wilensky.
In the few weeks since these elections took place the Daughters of Israel
already made several creditable achievements including a successful dance, a Sha-
buot celebration which was very well attended, and a picnic for the Sunday
School children.
The organization has pledged its support to the Jewish Center movement
and much can be expected from its efforts when activities are resumed in the
fall.
BAWCTOOTOCWTOWWWWWWW?;WWWWVWWWWV^^^^^WWWWY^M[
37
