JUDITH WILENSKY
Rain or shine!! she’s always
there. That’s Judith, daughter
of Dr. J. T. Wilensky. Dr
Wilensky considers the study of
Hebrew as great a mitzvah as
observing the Sabbath, to which
he devotedly adheres. Little
Judith is as interested in her
Hebrew work as her older sis-
ters are in community work.
NATHAN GOLDSTEIN
Six year old Nathan Goldstein
is very good in his Hebrew
Studies; that is why the teacher
overlooks his invented excuses for
failing to write his homework
sometimes. At times the teacher
even enjoys to listen to these in¬
teresting stories which include
helping mother wash dishes, go¬
ing to the grocery for her and
similar mother-saving devices.
IRVING KANTOR
Teacher calls him “Yitzchok”
never absent, never late. One
day poor Irving became ill. Irv¬
ing could not rest easy until
mother notified the teacher the
reason for his absence. Of
course, the teacher was not
pleased. He wants Irving to be
well always, to come to cheder,
and continue being champion of
his class.
FANNIE FINEBLUM
Fannie Fineblum, ten years
old, sixth grade public school,
just started going to Hebrew
School. Poor Fannie as a be¬
ginner, was forced into a class
with smaller children. Fannie
wasn’t pleased to have the tiny
tots for her classmates, so she
sacrificed some of her play time
for home work. Working dili¬
gently, she succeeded and is now
in a higher class.
living in a Jewish environment was willing to sacrifice
his last bite of bread in order that his children might
receive a good Jewish training.
But what about the American Jewl After the brea\-
ing of the roots grounded in the older soil of Europe
and under the influence of a general levelling, loosening
and recasting the character and spirit of the Jew has
changed in a single lifetime. But as you loo\ into the
eyes of the children who go to Hebrew School you feel
that mystic power which assures you that all is not lost,
and that the very generation which we said shall be as a
spoil, and lost to us because of our neglect, may yet pro-
duce great Jewish leaders and thinkers.
Of mighty England it is said that the sun never
sets on the British flag. With even greater force and
truth may it be asserted that the Jewish boo\s of learn-
ing are never closed. Every minute of the twenty-four
hours there is some place in the world where the scatter'
ed and dispersed children of Israel are welding the
strong chain which \eeps them united in one harmonious
whole by drawing upon the same source of strength and
inspiration, the Jewish Bible and Jewish tradition. In old
fashioned “cheder” or modern Hebrew School we are
raising our army, our reserve force, which shall fight
our battle, a holy war, a war not of blood and conquest
but for self preservation and maintenance of ideals.
“LJot by power, nor yet by might, but by my spirit,”
saith the Lord. And as we loo\ at these children’s faces,
the pupils of our Talmud Torah, we are filled with
pride and hope, and our lips tremble in prayer in which
all of you must join, “Go forth with this your might and
prove a salvation unto Israel.”
39
PHILIP SELBER
What should a pupil do when
he hasn’t anyone to assist him
in his home work?
Philip Sclbcr solved this prob¬
lem in his own way. An hour
before the class assembles you’ll
find Philip already in the class¬
room r'--'oarinp his le'-sons. Of
course, the teachers and the rabbi
are also there and Selber knows
that they are always ready to
help a diligent pupil no mat¬
ter how busy with other duties.
BESSIE COHEN
Arrived only recently from
Baltimore. Her mother sees no
reason why Jacksonville should
not be just as good a place in
which to study Hebrew. Bessie
in the same spirit is progressing
nicely in the Jacksonville He¬
brew School.
