OCALA (Jewish Population SO)
There is one conservative congregation in the city. Mr. M. Israelson is the
president. The congregation owns a cemetery.
OKEECHOBEE (Jewish Population 100)
There is a conservative congregation in the city. Services are held on Sabbaths.
Holy Days and festivals. The traditional orthodox prayer book is used.
ORLANDO (Jewish Population 800)
The Congregation Ovev Sholon has just completed a beautiful new synagogue at
a cost of $50,000. It is a conservative congregation. Mr. A. Raffield is president
Mr. Alan Roth, 135 S. Orange St., was the chairman of the Building Fund Com¬
mittee. The congregation maintains a shochet. For the United Palestine Appeal last
year Orlando contributed $12,000.
In the ceremony of laying cornerstone for the new synagogue there participated
representatives from all the religious denominations in the city, the mayor, and Dr.
Samuel Benjamin of Jacksonville.
PALATKA (Jewish Population 100)
No organized Jewish community services are held only on High Holy Days.
Orthodox ritual followed.
PENSACOLA (Jewish Population 650)
Temple Beth El located on E. Chase Street is the oldest Jewish congregation in
the city. Rabbi B. Cohen is the spiritual leader. The services are in English. The
congregation maintains a Sunday School with an enrollment of about 100 pupils.
There is an orthodox congregation, B’nai Israel also located on East Chase St.
The congregation maintains a shochet. The services are in Hebrew.
SANFORD (Jewish Population 125)
The city has a conservative congregation called Beth Israel Mr. M. Kronen is the
secretary. The orthodox prayer book is used. The services are in Hebrew and are
held on Holy Days and festivals.
SARASOTA (Jewish Population 300)
There is a conservative congregation. Mr. Ralph Saltzman is the president. It
is planned to build a new synagogue in the near future.
SEBRING (Jewish Population 200)
The community has an orthodox congregation. A new synagogue has recently
seen erected. Mr. M. Cahn is the president.
ST. PETERSBURG (Jewish Population 600)
This city has a conservative Jewish congregation. Mr. S. G. Shapiro is president.
The erection of a synagogue is being contemplated. Among the active members of the
Jewish community are:— Mr. Seirkese, 800 Central Ave. Mr. H. S. Siegel, 719
Central Ave., and Mr. M. Katz, 842 Central Ave.
St. AUGUSTINE (Jewish Population 300)
The First Congregation B’nai Israel of St. Augustine, Florida was organized by
a handful of Jewish people in the year 1909; the following being charter members:
M. Friedman, J. Tarlinsky, Max Eff, Issac Eff, W. A. Pinkoson, S. A. Snyder, N.
Gamse, D. Mehlman, J. A. Lew and Jacob Ross.
Divine services were at first held in an upstairs room on the corner of Bridge
and Washington Streets, with Jake Tarlinsky as first president of the Congregation.
In April 1923, the present pretty synagogue, an imposing structure of brick, was
erected on South Cordova Street, and dedicated as an orthodox conservative place
of worship, M. Friedman and Isaac Eff being president and vice president, respectively,
at that time. L. Weiner was the first Shochet and Hebrew teacher enployed by the
Congregation.
In September 1925, the congregation engaged Rabbi Arthur Ginzler as the first
Rabbi of this, the oldest community of America.
A modern Talmud Torah and Sunday School is maintained by the congregation
under the supervision of the Rabbi, About thirty-five children receive, at present,
daily instruction in Hebrew, religion and the cognate subjects pertaining to Judaism,
Services are being held every Friday evening and Saturday morning, and on all
Festivals and specially appointed religious occasions. A sermon delivered by the Rabbi
in the vernacular is a regular feature at most of these services. Weekly classes for
adults to study the Bible, Tewish History and current events have been instituted.
These classes stimulate considerable interest and are well frequented.
Boy Scouts Troop number 4 was orgaized by Rabbi Ginzler in February 1926.
44
