EjWsAA&ZWVWWWWWWWWWWSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA/y\AA/yVVWWWVWV 1
those between the ages of fifteen and
eighteen, and Senior Service Mem-
bers, comprising all members over
the age of eighteen years.
It is the aim and purpose of the
Y. M. H. A. among other things to
instill into the hearts and minds of
our Jewish vouth the principles of
pure and unadulterated manhood.
It is the aim and purpose of the or-
ganigation to so broaden and instruct
them in the principles of wholesome
and clean athletics, intellectual edu¬
cation and advancement, and a deep
seated religiously moral training that
when they grow to be young men
they will take their places in the
world as good American Jews and
good American Citizens with credit
and honor to themselves and glory
and pride to us.
Jewish Organizations in Florida
JACKSONVILLE (Jewish Population 4000)
For detailed list of organizations see article Jewish Organizations in Jacksonville.
DAYTONA (Jewish Population 700)
Congregation B’ nai Israel—officers:— Harry Pepper, president T. S. Ravitch, rabbi
Conservative congregation. Services: Sabbaths, Holy Days and festivals. Traditional
prayer book used. English sermons. Hebrew School—sessions daily, one teacher, 50
pupils. Auxiliary societies—Sisterhood and Young People’s League. B’nai Brith
Lodge—Recently organized by T. S. Ravitch.
FORT LAUDERDALE (Jewish Population 400)
There is one conservative congregation in the city. Mr. M. Lehrman, 126 Andrews
Street is the president. A new synagogue is being planned.
FORT MEYERS (Jewish Population 40)
No definite information has been received about this little community.
GAINESVILLE (Jewish Population 75)
Congregation B’nai Israel—A. Greenberg, president; Orthodox congregation.
Services on Sabbaths, Holy Days and festivals, orthodox Hebrew prayer book used.
No spiritual leader.
The University of Florida is located in this city. It has two Jewish fraternities
with a total membership of 75. During the college season some of the students
teach in the Sunday School of the B'nai Israel Congregation. There is no spiritual
leader in the town.
The congregation owns a cemetery.
HOLLYWOOD (Jewish Population 400)
The Jewish community in this city is very young but has grown large in the last
two years. The erection of a synagogue is now being planned. An active worker in
the Jewish community is Mrs. Ruth Rivkin, Morse Building. Mr. A. Tonkin is
president of the congregation.
KEY WEST (Jewish Population 125)
There is one orthodox congregation. Mr. Joseph Pearlman is the president. The
congregation owns its own building. The community maintains a “shochét. ”
MIAMI (Jewish Population 3 500)
With the tremendous growth of the population generally the Jewish community
too has increased remarkably. The Beth David Congregation is the oldest Tewish in¬
stitution in the city. It is a conservative congregation, and is located at 139 N. W.
3rd Ave. The president is Mr. N. J. Magid, 412 Calumet Building. The rabbi is
Murray A. Alstat, a graduate of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. Services
are held daily. The orthodox prayer book is used. Sermons are in English. The
congregation maintains a Hebrew School with a hunderd and fifty pupils and three teachers.
A reform Temple has recently been organized. The Temple is contemplating
the erection of a beautiful building. Rabbi Kaplan, a graduate of the Hebrew Union
College, has been elected spiritual leader.
Miami has a strong Zionist District which succeeded in raising many thousands
of dollars for the Keren Havesod last year. It also has a B’nai Brith Lodge and
several fraternal and social clubs and societies.
43
