JOE MIZRAHI
Joe Mizrahi, seven year old
son of a Sphardic Jew to whom
Hebrew served once as the
mother tongue. Little Joe would
like to talk Hebrew too, and he
tries his best. Teacher says He'
brew as an Oriental language is
just wonderfully in harmony with
Joe’s handsome, typical Oriental
Jewish face.
ROSE SAFER
Teacher calls her “Shoshan'
oh” she thought at the beginn'
ing that Hebrew was very hard.
3ut after a few weeks of learning,
and not missing a day, trying
her best and succeeding now.
Rose says, “How wonderful and
interesting Hebrew is.”
NORMAN MOSCOVITZ
Six year old, son of the pre*
sident of the Congregation has
his own reason for liking Che*
der: “When I will become Bar
Mitzvah”, says Norman, ‘T
want to deliver a speech in He'
brew and understand the pray'
ers.” And little Norman knows
that to be able to deliver a
speech in the Hebrew language
and to understand the prayers
and all the nice stories of that
big book called “The Bible” he
has to start right now, and not
two months before Bar Mitzvah.
SOPHIE ROPHIE
She’s a sweet little girl but
not a pupil of the kindergarten.
For we are not lucky enough to
have one as yet, but she is a
regular pupil at the school in
one of the higher classes. Her
father, Mr. Rophie, a Sephardic
Jew, doesn’t consider her too
young to attend Hebrew School
even though Sophie is only five.
In his country, among the Sep¬
hardic Jews, children start tie-
brew at the age of three and
Sophie is true to the traditions
of her father and never misses
a day.
IRVING KLEPPER
Only one more year and he
will be “Bar Mitzvah.” Irving
has been attending a certain
Sunday School since early child'
hood, but to become Bar MitZ'
yah, his father, Mr. Klepper,
a lmaskil” realizes that a Sun'
day School education is not
enough for a Jewish child. Irv'
ing hopes that in a year’s time
with hard work and with a will'
ing heart he will make up for
what time he has lost so far.
JACOB WEINSTEIN
Usually a boy becomes Bar
Mitzva when thirteen years of
age. There are some ex'
ceptions. Their Bar Mitzva is
a year earlier. Jacob Wein-
stein is one of these exceptions.
He is an orphan. But by
his diligence and devotion to
his Hebrew School studies he
will know more at twelve
than most boys do at thirteen.
OUR JEWS OF TO-MORROW
(Thoughts of the Present with a View to The Future)
By Joseph Schen\erman, Principal B’nai Israel Hebrew School
‘'From the mouths of babes and sucklings hast Thou founded Thy Strength.”
A ship on a storm tossed sea in danger of foundering
and sinking is crowded with passengers who must see\
safety in the lifeboats. To everyone life is dear. ?Jo one
wants to find a premature end in a watery grave. And
yet the wonder and magic of it all. The cry is raised
“Children First’’ and the strongest men yield that the
weakest children might be saved.
True this is possible only with civilized, cultured, in¬
telligent people. With the barbarians it is different.
Just as in hoary antiquity they to-day sacrifice their
children on the slightest whim or pretext. In spite of
this fact there is probably much of the instinctive in
the manly self sacrifice of the adult on behalf of the
child but it is more than that. It is the conscious feeling
that the child is entitled to a chance in life and that in
having that chance may rise to heights not yet attained by
his predecessors which often prompts the self sacrifice of
the individual for the welfare of the race.
It is to the honor and glory of the Jewish people
that it recognized this principle even in the days of
earliest antiquity. The Bible denounces in most vehement
terms those who offer their children as a sacrifice to Molech
the dread fire God, and both the Bible and rabbinic
literature abound in tender references to the care and
upbringing of the children. TJo wonder that the Jew
38
