23
THE CENTER SISTERHOOD (continued)
woman. Cultural efforts and civic education rank high
among them.
A natural association with our national ties is the Torah
Fund Project. Most of our members contribute annually
towards the Seminary campaign through this special
Women’s League solicitation. The training of Rabbis and
teachers so badly needed throughout the country is thus
supported.
Our Book and Gift Shop is featured below. We
are indeed indebted to its Chairman for leading the
project to cultural and financial success. The beautifully
stocked show-case in the lobby of the Activities Building
acquaints our membership with articles Jewishly and
artistically significant. It serves as a constant reminder of
the place that Jewish ceremonial objects have in our lives.
In the past year the profits were used to provide much
needed equipment for the Center office.
The youth of the congregation has been assisted by the
Sisterhood in many ways. We supplement the Center’s
budgetary appropriation for the variety of needs for C.Y.L.
in its vital program and we encourage other youth ac-
tivities of the congregation. In the past year the “Fund
for Youth” dance was instrumental in providing the finan-
cial support for these youth projects. Its popularity sug-
gested the idea that it become an annual event.
A large porportion of the Sisterhood’s income was ac-
counted for through the New Year’s affair and the annual
Donor Dance. These and many other functions of smaller
porportion were initiated and carried out with the single
over-all purpose — to make the religious life of our com-
munity more meaningful to young and old.
Sisterhood subsidizes the Sunday Religious School budget
of the Center by contributing towards the payment of
salaries. Our children are our constant delight. Whether
by means of offering prizes at the end of the year or by
making the Holiday celebrations a little more joyous
through the work of our Religious Committee, the Sister-
hoods feels that influencing our children in the Jewish
tradition is one of our most sacred tasks.
It would be too difficult to enter here upon the enu-
meration of all committees and their projects. Surely,
a detailed description of their accomplishments, even in
one year, would require more space than we can take in
this Year Book. Photographs on these two pages and others
scattered throughout the Year Book reflect the vital place
that Sisterhood holds in the Center as a Synagogue, as an
educational agency and as a focal point for social activities.
A word to the ladies. Sisterhood needs your help in this
important work. By your active participation you are show-
ing a respect for the ideals of Judaism. In the coming year
the Center embarks on the rebuilding of the Synagogue
and the complete renovation of the classrooms. In order
to extend the greatest amount of assistance to our parent
organization Sisterhood needs your active support. Be a
member and be an active worker.
May the efforts of the entire Center Family be crowned
with success.
THE
WORLD BOOK
ENCYCLOPEDIA
Can now be ordered
through the Center
Sisterhood.
FIRST CHOICE OF
SCHOOLS AND LIBRARIES
All inquiries should be
sent to the Center office
or contact
MRS HYMAN SELBER
MRS. PHILIP SELBER
A UNIVERSITY IN YOUR HOME
Sisterhood Book and Gift Shop showcase in Center Lobby, displaying
items for sale. Standing in rear of case, Mrs. I. Gartner, Chairman
and Miss Miriam Spitz who assists her in this project.
