CENTER MEN'S CLUB
OFFICERS
President Irwin Gendzier
Vice Presidents .... Herbert L. Sandler
Hymie Fialkow
Sbieldon Gendzier
Norman Moss
Secretary Earl A. Goldstein
Treasurer Sam Bryan
Membership Secretary Ted Friedman
IRWIN GENDZIER
The Center Men’s Club is one arm of the Center, a
part of the whole, a part strong in its endeavors, con-
tinually expanding and striving in every way to aid and
assist the Center in attaining its educational, social, cul-
tural and religious goals.
We feel that to base our future actions on past activity
is using a standard that is continually too low. We are
forever striving for greater projects, and to enhance those
values which the Center is constituted to provide. Close
affiliation with the Men’s Club aids in directing the
energies, skills and talents of its membership towards a
richer self, at the same time strengthening and developing
Jewish life in our community.
The Men’s Club annual Labor Day Dance and Spring
Frolics Dance are two affairs always enjoyed by many
people each year. This past year we brought to Jack-
sonville a Yiddish theatre group. Everyone present at
this show enjoyed themselves thoroughly.
The sponsorship of the Minyan Club is the religious
activity from which we derive the greatest satisfaction.
This group is composed of boys about to be or who have
already been Bar Mitzvah. The Men’s Club arranges
transportation for the boys every Sunday morning and
after the services acts as hosts at a breakfast. The Men’s
Club also assists, in cooperation with the Center Sister-
hood, in the celebration of various Holidays and Festivals
and Sunday School projects.
For the coming year we hope to begin an enlarged and
more active program of youth work. Awards will be
given to the outstanding students in the Center Hebrew
school. Also outstanding members of all Center affiliated
youth organizations will be recipients of Men’s Club
awards. We are hoping to start a fund to send deserving
children to Camp Ramah. In this way we hope to
develop future leaders for the Jacksonville Jewish com-
munity.
The men who give of their time and effort in carrying
out the program of the Men’s Club are too numerous to
mention. However they are rewarded by the knowledge
of a job well done. They have helped themselves by
helping others. In a service organization such as ours,
there is no better goal. There is a place in the Men’s
Club for every Center member who desires to avail him-
self of the joys and opportunities inherent therein.
A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR
FLORIDA SMELTING CO.
THE HALPERNS
5800 Buffalo Ave. Phone 5-3854
MEET ME AT
M A L ' S
WHERE STYLE BEGINS
Mai Pressman . . .
220 Hogan St. Phone 6-9927
Season's Greetings
McKesson & robbins, inc.
DRUGS & LIQUORS
25 N. Market Street
COMPLIMENTS
Earley Tire and Battery Co.
1973 Hendricks Avenue Phone 98-3414
3973 Hendricks Avenue Phone 98-3416
COMPLIMENTS
J. C. KIRKLAND ELECTRIC CO.
357 Woodbine Phone 3-1170
SEASON'S GREETINGS
FINKEL OUTDOOR PRODUCTS
603 King St. Phone 7-7140
Mention the Center Year Book when Patronizing our Advertisers
25
