65
EVENTS OF THE YEAR
NER TAMID PRESENTATION
The Boy Scout of America medal for reverence given to
Jewish Scouts, the Ner Tamid Award, was presented to
Martin Rothstein at the Boy Scout Sabbath Service, Febru-
ary 13, 1953. Rabbi Tofield is pinning the medal on Scout
Rothstein.
BOY SCOUTS
(Continued from Page 33)
outstanding Scout; Jerry Rothstein, highest personal ad-
vancement.
As retiring Scoutmaster, Ted Freedman was presented
with a memento from the Troop. Through their leaders,
the patrols received Patrol Flags, and the boys received
sendee stars. The banquet was prepared and served by
mothers of the Scouts.
The Troop was given permission to use the indoor
swimming pool at the Naval Air Station. There, under
the able tutorship of Frank YVoloszynowski and Jimmy Con-
stantine, the boys received 12 weeks of instruction in swim-
ming and life saving. As a result of this, most of the boys
in our troop today know how to handle themselves in the
water. This course was climaxed by a picnic, given by the
mo then at the Naval Air Station on the day of the last
swimming session.
As a sendee project our boys successfully set up a check-
out system for all the books in the Center Library 7 .
Not to be outdone by the Scouts, their parents had a
most informative, enjoyable and instructive three session
course on Child Guidance, with Dr. Edward L. Flemming
as lecturer.
Summer Camp, at Echocotee, this year was under the
leadership of Paul Bossen. The following Scouts partici-
pated: Barney Chepenik, Herbert Fishier, Stephen Hackel,
George Glossman, Ronnie Levin, Gene Shafton, Sam Sut-
ton, Brian Stein, Shaler Moscovitz and Stanley Stone.
Judging by the number of border strips which were re-
ceived, together with the Camp Patches, as a result of
various accomplishments in Scout lore, the boys not only
had a good time, but an instructive one as well. During
the Camp session Barney Chepenik was inducted and took
the ordeal of The Order of the Arrow, National Society
of Scouts and Explorers Honor Campers.
During the summer, meetings have been held every 7
Tuesday at 7:45 P.M. in the Gymnasium, where, under
the tutorship of Frank Woloszvnowski, Scouts have been
given training in body building and self defense.
