THE SEMINARY IN AMERICAN JUDAISM
A treat is in store for anyone who visits New York City
when he makes a pilgrimage to the headquarters of Con-
servative Judaism in America. He may call at one, or both
of its two locations.
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America, located
at 122nd Street and Broadway, houses the offices of the
various Seminary departments, the United Synagogue of
America and the Rabbinical Assembly of America. The
visitor will primarily be attracted by the exhibits in the
lobby and the reading room of its world famous library,
(see photograph on this page.)
We mention only the graphic portrayals in the treasure
house of Judaism that has been planted on this continent.
Anyone who has special interests in the American Jewish
life will of course seek out the individual or office devoted
to the cause. A telephone call to Riverside, 9-8000, or
a stop at the information desk, will bring ready guidance.
The grandeur and spiritual strength that is housed in
the Jewish Museum, sponsored by the Jewish Theological
Seminary, is impossible to convey in words. An hour or two
spent at its building on 92nd Street and 5th Avenue will
convince anyone that he walks in the midst of beauty on
a road winding through Jewish creativeness of the past
and of the present. Special exhibits are featured in modern
Jewish art, ceremonial objects of inestimable value and
the handwork by children or of special child interest, (see
the sample show case on this page.)
Friends of the Seminary
PHILIP BORK
The Jacksonville Jewish Center realizes its intimate as-
sociation with its natural institutions through the annual
Friends of the Seminary affair. It usually comes at the
culmination of an annual membership campaign. Last year
the effort was in charge of a committee headed by Mr.
Philip Bork. Prominent personalities in the Conservative
movement have visited Jacksonville for conferences with
Center leadership and for public appearances. This year
we had Dr. Ira Eisenstein, President of the Rabbinical
Assembly of America, Dr. Bernard Segal, Executive Vice
President of the Seminary and Dr. Max Arzt, Vice Chan-
cellor.
A service made available to everyone in our city is the
much acclaimed Eternal Light Broadcasts that come over
the NBC network, station WJAX, Sundays at 12:30 noon.
LIBRARY READING ROOM
MUSEUM EXHIBIT
