69
EVENTS OF THE YEAR
CONVOCATION IN HONOR OF RABBI'S DOCTORATE
An outstanding Event of the Year, a significant one in
the history of the congregation, was the special Convoca-
tion held on June 15th. The Rabbi was honored on be-
coming Doctor of Hebrew Literature, the degree awarded
him by the Jewish Theological Seminary of America at
Commencement on June 7th. A reception was tendered
Dr. and Mrs. Tofield following the exercises. The pro-
ceedings are depicted in the photographs shown above.
Top, Left —Mr. Harry Gendzier delivering the Chairman’s mes-
sage of welcome.
Front Row reading left to right are the platform guests: Dr.
Rembrandt W. Patrick, Head Professor of the University of Florida
History Dept.; Dr. Tofield, Mrs. Tofield, Dr. Max Arzt, Rev.
Russell F. Johnson, President of the Jacksonville Ministerial Al-
liance, Mr. Philip Selber, President of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, Mayor Haydon Burns, Dr. Paul L. Johnson, President
of the Jacksonville Junior College, The Very Rev. Arnold M.
Lewis, Dean of the St. Johns Episcopal Cathedral.
Second Row, Mr. Ted Gross, Principal, Mrs. Iva T. Sprinkle,
Supt. Board of Public Instruction, Mr. Jacob Becker, Chairman
of the Education Committee, Cantor Abraham Marton, Mr.
Philip Bork, Co-Chairman for the evening, Mr. Eli Fink, member
of Board of Controls, Florida Universities, Mr. Carl S. Swisher,
Chairman of Jacksonville Junior College Board.
Third Row, Mr. Hymie Fialkow, Men’s Club Vice President, Mr.
Gene Crystal, Y.P.L. President, Byron Selber, C. Y. L. President,
Mr. Robert J. Gordon, Chairman of Center Board, Mrs. Samuel J.
Thier, Sisterhood President, Dr. Sam Witten, Center Secretary,
Mr. Joseph Hackel, Co-Chairman of the evening, Mr. Howard
Margol, Couple’s Club President, Mr. Nathan Newman, Treasurer
of Center, Mr. Ralph S. Mizrahi, Center Vice President.
Right, Top —The Rabbi is shown making response to the greetings
and address.
Center —Dr. Max Arzt, Vice Chancellor, Jewish Theological Semi-
nary of America, delivered the principal address of the evening.
He commended the Jacksonville Jewish Center for encouraging
its Rabbi to pursue studies in a field of research that delves into
the basic traditions of Judaism and the currents of civilization.
Bottom, Left and Right —The section reserved for: Representatives
of Jacksonville Jewish organizations, civic leaders, Center Board
Members, Faculty of University of Florida, including Dr. Samuel
Proctor, Professor of History, Dr. J. H. Groth, Professor of
Humanities and Ancient History, Dr. Manning J. Dauer, Head
of the Dept, of Political Science, Dr. Stanley L. West, Director
of Libraries, Dr. Joseph Weil, Dean of the College of Engineering.
