103
THE JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR
EXPLANATORY NOTES
Tebet
The year 5714 in the Jewish Religious Calendar is a leap year. It will
be noted in the list below that this year has an Adar I and an Adar II,
giving the year 13 months. In the ancient Hebrew Calendar the months
are determined by the phases of the moon, rendering it a lunar calen-
dar, but the seasonal festivals are observed in keeping with the solar
system. Since the lunar month has only 29 V 2 days, an extra month is
added in seven of a 1 9 year cycle, so that Jewish festivals which always
occur on the same date of the lunar month still come within the proper
solar season.
These are the Hebrew names of the months with their corresponding
approximate dates in the general calendar:
Tishri
Heshvan
Kislev
Tebet
Shebat...
Adar I...
Adar II..
Nisan
lyar
Sivan
Tammuz.
Ab
EluL.
. September-October
October-November
November-December
.December-January
January-February
February-March
.March-April
. April-May
May-June
June-July
July
July-August
.August-September
GENERAL NOTES
Opposite each Friday and the eve of festivals, also on the first day of
a festival, there appears the symbol L. C. “Light Candles’’. This is a re-
minder that 20 minutes before sunset of that evening the traditional
Sabbath or festival lights are to be kindled in the home.
Rosh Hodesh, Beginning of the Month, is observed with special prayers
in the service for that day and with the Blessing of the New Month on
the Sabbath previous. When the new moon appears in the middle of the
day the outgoing month consists of 30 days and the last day is con-
sidered the first day Rosh Hodesh for the coming month.
The Sidrah, the portion of the Torah read on Saturday morning, is in-
dicated. Special Sabbaths will be explained below under the month in
which they occur.
Occasions in Tishri
Rosh Hashanah, Jewish Religious New Year.
Fast of Gedalia, commemorates the assassination of the governor of
Judea who attempted to restore Jewish independence after the destruc-
tion of the First Temple by the Babylonians.
Shabbat Shuva, Sabbath of Repentance, derives its name from the
Prophetic reading, “Shuva Yisrael," “Return, O Israel."
Yom Kippur, Day of Atonement, is a day of fasting and prayer, a day
for confession of sin and supplication for forgiveness. “For transgressions
between man and God repentance on Yom Kippur brings atonement. For
transgressions between man and man, Yom Kippur brings no atonement
until amends are made."
Sukkot, Tabernacles, commemorates the period when our forefathers
dwelt in booths (Sukkot) during their wanderings through the wilderness
of Sinai.
Hoi Hamoed, Intermediate Days of the Holiday, are observed as semi-
festivals.
Hashanah Rabba, the day on which prayers with the refrain Hosanah
(“O Save Us") is recited.
Shemini Atzeret, Eighth Day of Assembly, marks the conclusion of the
fall festivals.
Simhat Torah, Torah Festival, is the second day of Shemini Atzeret and
celebrates the completion of the annual reading cycle from the Five
Books of Moses and the beginning of readings for the New Year.
Kislev
Hanukah, Feast of Dedication, commemorates the rededication of the
Temple by the Maccabees in 165 B.C.E. The Maccabean triumph over
Syrian forces was the first victory for a people's right to the freedom of
worship. Lights are kindled in the synagogue and in the home on every
one of the eight evenings.
Asarah BeTebet, Fast of the 10th of Tebet, commemorates the begin-
ning of the siege of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586 B.C.E. which
led to the destruction of the First Temple.
Shebat
Hamisha Asar BeShebat, also known as Tu BeShebat, 15th of Shebat,
is Holy Land Arbor Day or New Year of the Trees.
Adar II
Shabbat Shekalim, the Sabbath when every adult Jew in the days of
the Temple was reminded to pay his poll tax of a half a shekel on the
first day of Adar.
Shabbat Zakhor. On this Sabbath before the Festival of Purim a spe-
cial portion of the Torah is read beginning with the word “Zakhor”—
“Remember Amaelk.” Haman is presumed to have been an Amalekite.
Purim commemorates the day when, through the intervention of Mor-
decai and Queen Esther, the Jews of Persia narrowly escaped being
victims of Haman's plot to exterminate them.
Shabbat Parah. A special portion of the Bible concerning the ashes of
the red heifer is read, reminding us of the ritual purification by our
ancestors in preparing for the Passover Festival.
Shabbat Hahodesh. A special portion of the Bible is read, emphasiz-
ing the significance of the month of Nisan in which Israel’s great de-
liverance occurred.
Nisan
Shabbat Hagadol, the Sabbath which precedes the great Festival of
Passover, derives its name from the Haftorah which contains a reference
to the “Great Day of the Lord."
Pesah, Passover, celebrates Israel's deliverance from Egyptian bond-
age. The festival lasts eight days during which matzot are eaten in the
place of leavened bread. The celebration of the Passover with the beau-
tiful ceremony of the Seder on the first and second evenings has fos-
tered by Jewish people the ideals of liberty and freedom.
lyar
Yom Ha’atzma’ut. The new State of Israel declared its independence
on May 14, 1948, which was the 5th year of lyar according to the
Hebrew calendar.
Lag B’Omer, the date of a victory by Bar Kokhba in the final Jewish
struggle against the Romans. He was supported by the sage Rabbi Akiba
and his disciples. It is known as “The Scholars Festival” and marked by
field day outings.
Sivan
Shabout, Feast of Weeks, completes 7 weeks from the second day of
Passover on which the Omer (a measure) of the new barley was brought
to the Temple. It was also the day when Bikkurim (first fruits) were
presented. Tradition assigned to Shabout commemoration of the Covenant
established at Sinai between God and Israel and the giving of the Ten
Commandments.
Tammuz
Shivah Asar Be’Tamuz, Fast of the 17th of Tammuz, that commemo-
rates the breach in the walls of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in the
year 586 B.C.E.
Ab
Shabbat Hazon, precedes Tisha B’Ab, derives its name from the first
words of the Haftorah “Hazon”—the vision of Isaiah, which foretells
the destruction of Jerusalem.
Tisha B’Ab, the Ninth Day of Ab, is a fast day which marks the de-
struction of the First Temple in Jerusalem by the Babylonians (586
B.C.E.) and also of the Second Temple by the Romans (70 C.E.).
Shabbat Nahamu, Sabbath of Consolation; the first word of the
Haftorah is “Nahamu, nahamu, Comfort ye, My People."
Elul
Selihot, Penitential Prayers, recited at midnight in preparation for the
holiday season, “The Great Days of Awe."
