JEWISH WELFARE SOCIETY
A. H. ROTHSTEIN
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice President
2nd Vice President
3rd Vice President
Treasurer
Executive Director
A. H. Rothstein
Irving Klepper
Dr. Irving Diamond
A. J. Bloom
David Moss
..Lawrence Rackow
LAWRENCE RACKOW
For thirty-six years, since 1917, the Jewish Welfare
Society, a Community Chest agency, served individuals
and families in Jacksonville with financial and counseling
services. Originally organized to help the needy, it soon
became evident, as it did in communities all over the
country, that financial, inter-personal and some psycho-
logical problems, with which a case-work agency could
be of assistance, occurred to people of all economic levels
and stations of life. Alert to the needs of the community,
the services broadened and contracted to fit the needs and
time. The name was changed twice to reflect the changed
concept and services. A point was reached where a
professional staff was secured.
Now, the Jewish Welfare Society is a multi-functional
casework agency—that is, besides helping with finances,
problems in marital situations, individual adjustment,
mental and physical illness, etc., it also provides child
care, foster homes and adoption services. It is still the
only Jewish child placing agency in the State of Florida.
The great majority of cases are requests for services
that do not involve financial assistance. This is true,
even though Jacksonville, because of its geographical posi-
tion, seasonally has many requests from transients. The
transients are counseled and helped whenever possible
with food, lodging, employment or contact with their
families.
The Welfare Society works in close relationship with
the River Garden Home in processing applications and
providing casework services to the residents of the Home
and their families when needed. Last year we helped
initiate and supervise the “extension program”, which
provides for people who can live outside of the Home
and use its facilities.
Through funds allocated by the Jewish Community
Council and with the help of the Council of Jewish
Women, the agency helped resettle a number of families in
the city. The families are now financially self-sufficient
and as a group, they are making a wholesome adjustment.
These and others, seek and secure our help with prob-
lems of immigration and naturalization.
The Society offers a limited social service program with
Jewish inmates at the State Prison at Raiford. For this
purpose, Community Chest funds are not used.
Last year, the agency concluded the demonstration
project of the Family Consultation Center that was run
on a non-sectarian b^sis, with Levy Memorial Funds. Its
services to families with marital discord, and problems in
parent-child relationship, was highly successful and its
need for the community, we believe, amply demonstrated.
The Jewish Welfare Society is continuing this work with
the Jewish Community. The Community Chest is work-
ing on plans to establish a permanent non-sectarian agency
in this field.
Tuxedo Rental Service
—Nominal Charge—
THE YOUNG MEN'S SHOP
340 Main—Corner Duval Phones 3-0704 — 5-8685
SEASON'S GREETINGS
1
THE PONGA RESTAURANT
FORT CAROLINE ROAD PHONE 9-9866
SOUTHERN ELECTRIC CO., INC.
Pete Lieberman — H. A. Sonnenberg — A. K. Metz
318 W. ADAMS PHONE 4-5820
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
FLO SIEGEL
floru shop Ltd.
"Fashions For Mi-Lady''
1992 San Marco Blvd. Phone 9-3055
122 Remember Our Advertisers—They have made this Year Book Possible
