127
MRS. WILLIAM GOLDMAN
Chairman Zionist Youth
Commission
SR. CLUB PRESIDENTS
TERRY KLAUSNER
Theodore Herzl
RONNIE FRIEDMAN
Trumpeldor
DIANE KATZ
Ben Gurion
YOUNG JUDA6A
Young Judaea consists of Senior and Junior
Clubs from ages of 8 to 18, and at present there
are 7 Clubs under the sponsorship of the Zionist
Youth Commission.
The basic aims of Judaea are:
1. Developing the individual in the American
Jewish Community
2. Inspiring the youth to be of service to
Jewish people everywhere
3. Creating the desire in our Youth to aid
Israel
4. Exchanging of modern Jewish values with
Israel
MRS. IRVING BRUKNER
City Director
Young Judaea
In order to bring about these aims, integrated program
and meetings are planned around Jewish Holidays, also
studies of current events, personalities, both modern and
Biblical, and Choral Groups, Israeli Dances, Arts and
Crafts, Debating, Speaking and Dramatics projects for
the raising of funds for the Tzofim of Israel (Scout
Movement). These are personal and group projects.
In March the Theodore Herzl Club presented Senior
Judaean Night in the Jacksonville Jewish Center with a
program consisting of a debate in which various members
participated, Israeli Dances by the Dance Group and the
speaker of the evening, Mr. M. Caspi of Israel, who dis-
cussed the “Summer-in-Israel” program for Judaeans.
In April Sabbath Services were held in the Center with
all Clubs participating in the services, and parents of Club
members acting as hosts at the Social Hour following.
In May the Israeli Fair was held at the River Garden
Home for the Aged and all Clubs had booths for the sale
of candies, cookies, cakes, food, hand-work and game
booths consisting of turtle races, train rides to Israel, etc.
More than $100.00 was raised for the Scout Movement
through this medium. A Talent Show, under the direction
of Mrs. Sam Siegel, with Israeli and English songs, dances,
instrument playing and readings was presented.
In May the Conclave for Junior Clubs was held in Or-
lando and was attended by 7 boys from the Maccabee
Club.
Each Club held its closing meeting with elections and
installations of officers in June.
On June 8th, representatives from Jacksonville attended
the Convention in Hendersonville, N. C. at Camp Blue
Star and in August one member represented Jacksonville
at the National Convention in Pennsylvania.
JR. CLUB PRESIDENTS
JOAN CARLIN
Estherettes
STEPHEN ENTMAN
Shofarim
