135
Home-School Partnership
When school and home are joined together, third
personality or nature emerges. It is inherent in the
relationship. If we come to understand that such a
connection results, then we can have some control
over its development. We must help put this third entity
to work positively and direct its energies into useful
channels-and for good reason. It's the only way to be
certain that we help our children at home and at
school.
SOLOMON
The third personality is that action which results from
the parent-teacher relationship. The outcome of this
union can be either good or bad. There is never any in
between. If this relationship is good, then the results
would be good also. However, if the relationship
produces nothing, the results would most likely be
regarded as bad.
Of course, third personality development is not limited
to teacher-parent relationships. There is the child-
parent relationship, too. We are all aware of the effect
one child can have on another. One particular student
may be strengthened or weakened by a friend. We all
know children who act differently when they are with
certain friends.
DAY SCHOOL
OF THE JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Willard Kennedy, Principal
That is why personality development as a result of the parent-teacher relationship is so
important. We must make sure that our association will always promote the positive, the
strength side of the third personality. What a teacher may be unable to do alone, he or she
can do when joined with a parent--and vice versa. It is this partnership which can help us help
students realize their potential.
As parents and teachers we have a tremendous responsibility. The influence we have on one
another should never be minimized. The third personality which develops each time teacher and
parent meet must be put to work positively so that the result of the relationship will create
good things for students.
This is the goal of our educational institution-The Solomon Schechter Day School of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
