203
HEVRA KADDISHA OF JACKSONVILLE, INC.
In our times of joy, we do not like to reflect upon the inevitability of death and the pain and sorrow that it brings
to the family of the deceased. Jacksonville is fortunate, however, to have a dedicated group of volunteers that stands
ready, should the need arise, to assist the family of the deceased in their time of need and to assure that the deceased
is cared for with respect and according to the requirements of Jewish law.
From the time of death until the completion of the burial, the deceased should not be left alone. It is appropriate,
where possible, for members or friends of the family to serve as Shomrim, or watchers, to recite Psalms in the presence
of the deceased and to insure that nothing improper or disrespectful is done to or in the presence of the deceased.
If the family is unable to make these arrangements, the Hevra Kaddisha will provide this service for the family.
Prior to the funeral the members of the Hevra Kaddisha prepare the deceased for burial. This consists of washing
and cleansing the body of the deceased, performing the ritual immersion of the body, and reciting prayers asking
G-d to forgive the deceased for all sins and to grant the deceased eternal rest. The deceased is then clothed in simple
white shrouds and placed in a coffin selected by the family of the deceased. It is appropriate for the family to purchase
a plain wooden coffin and to avoid any pretentious ornamentation.
Where possible, both an autopsy of the deceased and embalming should be avoided. If this cannot be done, a rabbi
should be immediately consulted.
The members of the Hevra Kaddisha perform their services without compensation and often without the family
knowing which members are involved. It is a mitzva performed for the deceased which cannot be acknowledged or
repaid by the deceased—truly an act of loving-kindness.
All members of the Jewish community are invited to participate in some aspect of the work of the Hevra Kaddisha,
either in serving as Shorim, in making telephone calls to the members, in performing the purification rituals, in
providing food to and otherwise assisting the families, or in performing numerous other required activities. The
following persons presently serve as officers, directors, and members of the Hevra Kaddisha of Jacksonville, Inc.:
Officers:
President
Simon Selber
First Vice President
Nathan Sandler
Second Vice President
Laurie Benwick
Third Vice President
Anne Shmunes
Fourth Vice President
Janet Husney
Secretary
Wendy Honigman
Assistant Secretary
Bea Browdy
Treasurer
Richard Bernard
Assistant Treasurer
Lillian Meizlik
Directors:
Harry Berman
Robert Bossen
Robert Goldberg
Babs Goldstein
Michael Greenburg
Joseph Honigman
Robert Lipsky
Judy Mizrahi
Nathan Schneider
Nathan Shmunes
Members:
Leslie Adler
Helen Avchin
Laurie Benwick
Harry Berman
Richard Bernard
Sarah Bernard
Marlene Bossen
Robert Bossen
Bea Browdy
Pollie Copans
Judy Geller
Robert Goldberg
Babs Goldstein
Use Gottlieb
Ira Grann
Michael Greenburg
Carol Harrison
James Harrison
Joseph Honigman
Wendy Honigman
Charles Hubsch
Janet Husney
Adam Jacobson
Susan Kaddish
Louise Levine
Robert Lipsky
Deinya Maichen
Berte Marón
Lillian Meizlik
David Mizrahi
Judy Mizrahi
Jais Ohayon
Karen Patron
Sue Rosenberg
Nathan Sandler
William Scheer
Nathan Schneider
Simon Selber
Anne Shmunes
Max Shmunes
Nathan Shmunes
Anita Solomon
Martha Steinfield
Alan Taffet
Elaine Weiss
