Fund Raiser for Education a Success!!
Anyone who attended the Center raffle, “A Night to Re-
member,” will tell you that it was a fabulous evening. It was
obvious that meticulous planning was the key to its success. The
Center is grateful to the many volunteers who made this annual
fund raiser for education possible.
Our appreciations to: Raffle chairs, Mel Jawitz and Esther
Weiss; Ticket Chairs, Charlotte Fialkow and Alan Gordon; Food
Chair, Shirley Bielski; Decoration Chairs, Gayle Bailys and Rhoda
Goldstein, assisted by Ava Axelrod, Shirley Bielski, Renee Gor-
don, Beverly Hallman, Madaline Hecht, Barbara Safer and Mary
Selber; other volunteers, Sally Levine, Carla Bernard, Rhonda
Passink, Ina Taffet, Kathy Osterer and Marilyn Garber.
Hats off to the ticket sellers: 15 or more- Isabel Balotin,
Shirley Bielski, Linda DuBow, Alan Gordon, Stuart Hecht,
Rhonda Passink and Martha Savage . Other sellers (4 or more)-
Ava Axelrod, Inez Achord, Charlotte, Maxine Funk, Sheldon
Gendzier, Rhoda Goldstein, George Levin, Wilbur Margol, Lew
Meisel, Charles Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, Kathy Osterer, Marsha
Pollock, Eric Reiter, Sonny Sandler, Beck Setzer, Esther Weiss.
The grand prize winners were Florance and Harry Berman who
walked away with an $8000 check. Mazel tov.
We are grateful to the following businesses for their con-
tributions: Pic N’ Save, Hecht Communications, Moon & Star
Jewelry and Scott’s Wholesale Nursery.
Why do we do it! For the children, of course. The pro-
ceeds from this annual event help to improve the quality of all of
our educational programs. Since the tuition charges do not cover
the full cost of educating our children, other funds and events are
needed to help raise the necessary monies to subsidize our pro-
grams. Contributions to the Shofar Fund, the Educational Endow-
ment Fund and the Center raffle help us meet the high cost of
quality education.
Next Raffle is coming in January. Don't Miss It!
BROADWAY COMES TO JACKSONVILLE
^nuy4,
Your Neighborhood Druggist
DIAL 765-3531 7302 MAIN ST.
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32208
O.P.T.LO.N. Care ■*
HOME I.V. & NUTRITIONAL SERVICE
7302 Main Street • Jacksonville, FL 32208 • (904) 766-9608
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
31
