River Garden Auxiliary
President
Judy Price
In May 1989 I accepted the leadership of River Garden Auxiliary. It’s hard to believe
over a year has passed. It’s been an exciting time, settling into our new Campus. The extra
plus in being in Mandarin is that it has sparked new people to join our Auxiliary. These
wonderful people fulfill the mission of our Auxiliary - to add to the comfort of the residents
and to supply the extras through our projects and membership dues to make their lives that
much more happy and comfortable.
Whether your support is to the Auxiliary with annual dues or Life Membership...with
financial support of our Home Warming Shower, and our Donor...with participation in
bringing a resident to the Special Holidays parties or, greeting a resident with a gift on their
return from the hospital.. .giving a pint of blood to replenish our Blood Bank Account.. .honoring
an occasion on the Tree of Life, remembering a loved one on the Residents Memorial Plaque
or on the Fifth Commandment Plaque...supporting our Tombola...filling your “pushkas”
with coins for the Quarters for New Quarters for our Campus Development pledge, or en-
joying a day at Epping forest for a greeting not a meeting...YOU make the difference!
Vice-Presidents:
Fund Raising
Judy Paul
Membership
Iris Spitzer
Services Coordinator
Peggy Bandel
Administration
Joan Waitz
General Treasurer
Cheryl Blum
In the new year we shall further strive to grow and to add to our projects, making our
direction more exciting and productive. Do come join with us. It’ll make you feel good to
share a hug and see a smile. Honor thy Mother and thy Father. You’ll see...you make the
difference!
May the coming year bring you and yours health, happiness and peace.
Financial Secretary
May Grann
Recording Secretary
Liz Gartner
L' Shana Tova
Judy Price
President
Corresponding Secretary
Frances Janofsky
Women’s American ORT. Inc.
Women’s American ORT, a fundraising group which builds
schools, trains teachers and provides high tech tracts of
education in various schools, is alive and active in the
Jacksonville area.
Women’s American ORT - Afternoon Chapter
This group meets the fourth Monday of the month as its
regular meeting. The second Monday, the Board Meetings
are held.
ORT has schools in Israel, the U.S. and throughout 53
other countries. With our commitment to technical educa-
tion, we will see the fruition of our students by giving them
the education and start they never would have had
otherwise.
Locally, the Riverfront Chapter of ORT has women from
26-85, housewives and professionals, singles and married.
We are active in community, and speak out on Jewish
issues. The group also enjoys social events.
If you are interested in joining ORT or finding out more
information, please contact Jeane Youker at 262-2577, days.
The slate of officers for the coming year is as follows:
President
Vice President
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Sunshine Chairman
Bulletin
Mail
Hospitality Chairman
Gertrude Kramer
Pat Berger
Dora Fleet
Majorie Stone
Stella Siegle
Mollie Rubenstein
Gertrude Kramer
Ruth Jacobson - Fran Benton
Marilyn Konefsky
If you are interested in joining, please call
Gertrude Kramer, 268-2554
Season’s Greetings
Atkinson’s Beauclerc Pharmacy
268-5575
9735 St. Augustine Road
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
199
