120
Simhat Torah Honorees 5750
Three Members to be honored on Simhat Torah, Sunday, October 22
Because of Israel’s love of the Torah, it has been referred to in Jewish tradition as Israel’s “bride”. A tradition evolved in ancient times to
honor the individual called for the last reading of the Torah —Hatan Torah , “Groom of the Torah.” The last person honored to begin the
Torah reading from its beginning is called Hatan Bereshit , “Groom of Genesis.” We also honor a woman who has made a distinctive contribu-
tion to our synagogue and Jewish life.
Hatan Torah — Ted Gross
Our Hatan Torah, Ted Gross, has a profound respect for knowledge and a devotion to study. He considers these the
key to the survival of the Jewish people and he has dedicated his life to teaching for this reason.
Ted Gross graduated from Yeshiva University and later received his Masters’ Degree in Education from the
University of Florida. In 1947, Ted was engaged as the principal of the Hebrew School programs for the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. Besides coordinating and teaching in the program, he was responsible for the innovation of many
programs. He admits that he is proud to have introduced Haftorah and Torah readings in Junior Congregation so that
pre bar/bat mitzvah students would be well prepared. And through his efforts, girls were able to become bat mitzvah.
In 1962, Ted Gross assisted in the creation of the Jewish Center Foundation School, now the Solomon Schechter Day
School.
The teachings of youth are never forgotten. To this day, Ted’s greatest joy is his continuing relationship with his
former students who he taught as children. Over the years, many have returned to Jacksonville to begin their professional careers. These
former students who, as a result of Ted’s influence, are still reading Torah at the Center. Before Ted’s arrival at the Center, all the Torah
and Haftorah readings were done by the rabbi or cantor. Ted admits with pride, “a distinguishing mark of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is
that it has the largest lay participation in Torah readings.” Today, Ted still helps the post bar mitzvah students prepare their Torah
readings. Some are the children of his former students. He strongly believes in advanced adult Jewish education and continually teaches
classes and gives talks whenever needed. He spends many hours coordinating the Torah readings on Shabbat and holidays.
Through the years Ted has always been busy with his many commitments, yet he has always made time to answer a halakhic question,
help a student or explain a reading. He has been described as one of the most knowledgeable Jews in Jacksonville. It is most fitting that Ted
is honored this holiday as “Groom of the Torah.” Mazeltov to Ted and his wife, Eunice, and his daughters, Carol and Ricki.
Hatan Bereshit — Seeman Zimmerman
Hardly a day goes by that Seeman Zimmerman isn’t at the Center. He’s either at a committee meeting, minyan,
checking the facility or watching a demonstration of maintanence equipment. When asked how he became so involved,
Seeman confides, “I saw the need and I just had to help.”
However, his Center involvement is not new. As a young boy, Seeman was very active in the Center’s Hebrew school
program, scouts, youth groups, Junior Congregation and Minyan Club. In fact, he received the Best Hebrew School
Student Award and the Junior Congregation trophy.
After serving time in the military and graduating from the University of Florida, Seeman came to Jacksonville to
work. He was asked by then-president Nathan Krestul to serve on the Center Board and gradually became active on the
house and finance committees. It wasn’t until his father died and he was saying kaddish daily for the eleven months
that he saw the need for someone to oversee the building. He accepted the chairmanship of the House committee and
became very deeply involved in the day-to-day activities. When it was decided to expand the building, Seeman was one of the key people
responsible for making sure the building was completed on time and that it was up to standards. When recalling the recent building
construction he proudly admits, “not one program had to be cancelled because of the construction.”
His success as house committee chair stems from his persistent investigation and consequent adaptation of more efficient ways to run the
Center. He never seems to lose sight of his goal—to help make the Center better. Seeman was delighted to see how smoothly and efficiently
the High Holidays services and activities came off. When asked what his hope was for the future he says sincerely, “I hope we can get out of
this tight budget situation so we can move on to the business of furnishing the building.”
We are grateful to Seeman for the inordinate amount of time and energy he has given to the Center, as well as his devotion to the daily
minyan.
Woman of Valor — Shirley Bielski
Simply put, Shirley Bielski’s presence in Jacksonville has made a difference in our lives.
In 1975, Abe Bielski brought his wife, Shirley, and their two children, David and Talie, back to Abe’s hometown,
Jacksonville, from Melbourne, Australia. For a while it was culture shock for Shirley. But within two years, Shirley
was at the Center teaching Sunday School and Afternoon School and was quickly on her way to becoming a very
involved and important Center member. Shirley readily admits, “the Center is home to me. It is because of the Center
that I accepted my new life here in the states.”
Before assuming her present position as Sisterhood president, Shirley served as vice-president of ways and means and
as vice president of programs, and as financial secretary and Torah Fund Chair. A long-time member of the Center Board
of Directors, she served for two years as membership chair and is presently a member of the youth commission, catering
and membership committees. While her children were in the Solomon Schechter Day School, Shirley was PTA president.
Shirley’s involvement in Jewish causes extends beyond the Center. She is a former division chair of UJA and served as a board member of
the Women’s Division. To each of her positions, Shirley has unselfishly given her time and creative talents.
Shirley is a gal who can’t say no. That’s been lucky for us but hard on her at times. However, she seems to thrive on the many creative
projects and causes in which she becomes involved. With the support and encouragement of her husband, Abe, Shirley is able to accept the
challenges her volunteer efforts require. Like a valuable diamond, Shirley has many facets—each glowing in its own characteristics. She is a
devoted wife, mother and daughter. By example, Shirley and Abe have shown their children, David and Talie, the importance of being a
caring and involved Jew. Both children are very active in Jewish youth groups, locally and at a state level.
Shirley Bielski is indeed worthy of the honor “Woman of Valor” in that she has made a significant contribution to the life of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, to the life of the Jacksonville Jewish community and to the individual lives of all of those whom she has touched
with her goodness and her many talents.
The entire congregation extends heartfelt congratulations to the honorees and their families on this very special moment in their lives.
