Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14 continued its proud heritage in 1989-90. The Troop, founded in 1919, is now in its
eighth decade of serving the youth of our community and riding high on a wave of success.
The Troop featured outdoor activities, interesting weekly programs, service to the congregation
and community, and dedication to advancement and the ideals of scouting.
A highlight of the year was the presentation to scouts Adam DePaul and James West the coveted
Eagle Scout Award. The rank of Eagle signifies excellence in character and achievement. The Eagle
presentation was made by Dan Wilensky at the annual Blue and Gold Banquet before several hundred
onlookers. Troop 14 has the distinguished honor of producing five Eagle Scouts in the past three years.
Troop 14 explored new arenas of excitement and learning this year. Among them was a ven-
ture to the Boy Scout High Adventure Sea Base in the Florida Keys. There, along with scouts congre-
gated from throughout the world, our scouts went snorkeling in the crystal clear ocean on coral reefs
abounding with colorful sea life, boating and fishing, explored a deserted island, and much more.
The Troop also accepted the challenge of the rugged Olustee Historic Trail Hike. The hike
required our scouts trek some 12 miles through the wilderness of the Ocala National Forest with trails
sometimes under water up to two feet in depth. The scouts were awarded for their efforts with local and
national Historic Trail Awards and attendance at the annual reenactment of the Battle of Olustee.
Other camping adventures this year included: exploring the popular Blue Springs State Park
where the scouts “ruffed it” in cabins with central air and heat and enjoyed water sports in the crystal
clear waters; two trips to Olena State Park, the second featuring a tubing trip down the nearby
Itchetucknee River; and Payne’s Prairie State Preserve, featuring visits to the Florida State Museum in
Gainesville and attendance at a University of Florida football game, following which the Troop took the
field for the annual troop game; a campout with the resourceful Webloes dens at Camp Echockotee; and
the annual campout with the Cub pack at the Center.
Program highlights this year included a visit by Marty Edwards who shared his knowledge and
insight on baseball card collecting and sports; a moot court over which Duval County Judge Morton
Kesler presided and scouts served as attorneys, witnesses and jurors; an insightful presentation by Dar-
leen Hutto of the Bold City Club of the Deaf and the cleverly contrived and well produced “Hanz and
Franz Scoutmasters” skit at the Blue and Gold Banquet of which the Saturday Night Live cast would be
envious.
The scouts’ efforts were not entirely nihilistic. Troop 14 served lunch to the residents of Mount
Carmel Gardens on Thanksgiving Day as has become an annual tradition. The Scouts performed road
clearing work and ground inmprovements at the JJC, built shelters for ducks which inhabit the Center
pond, collected clothing for the needy and landscaped a church, all under the planning and direction of
our Eagle Scouts. They also did conservation and environmental work at Anastasia State Park, and in
the Florida Keys.
Scouts attending summer camp this year included Bemie Echt, Jeff Anchel, Seth Bloom,
Barry Blumenthal, Danny Cook, Adam Dean, Larry Fiske, Eric Goldberg, Alex LeBeau,
Jordan Perin, Chris Parlato, Kevin Shafer, Shai Smargon, Brian Usoff and Andy Ussach.
Troop 14 is for boys grades 6 (or age 11) through 12. Those interested may contact Randy
Silverberg at 398-0038 (w) or 733-6649 (h) or Harry Peltz at 737-0309.
Telephone (904) 731-8410 C. Everett Moore, Jr. DVM
(Day or Night) Jennie R. Stewart DVM
KINGS TRAIL
ANIMAL HOSPITAL
Office Hours 8131 Old Kings Road South
By Appointment Jacksonville, Florida 32217
I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
165
