9
Message from the Rabbi
A VIEW FROM AFAR
RABBI DAVID GAFFNEY
If “distance lends enchantment” it also lends perception. Many things can be seen, meaningfully,
only from a distance. This is true of towering mountains and spreading landscapes. It is also true
of one’s own life situation. The founder of Hasidism, the Baal Shem-Tov once observed that if a coat
hanger was burdened under the weight of the Peklach Tzores (packages of troubles) of some of his
acquaintances, he would always choose his own troubles in preference to those of others. Sometimes,
viewing the problems of another makes us grateful that we are not so severely afflicted.
New York is in many places dirty and sleazy. Viewed from the Empire State Building or from the
World Trade Center, the city is extraordinary. Paris, I am told, viewed from close is often dingy; seen
from the Eiffel Tower it is magnificent.
This proposition was compellingly communicated to me upon reading the report which surveyed
the diverse Eastern European Jewish communities. A group of Rabbis recently traveled through
Eastern Europe to ascertain the welfare and wellbeing of the Jewish communities there. Their
conclusions evoked a tapestry of emotions. Sadness in some cases, hope in others - and even a
challenge for the American Jewish community. cHlCl Inge Gaffney
The American Jewish community looks altogether different when seen from far perspectives. When one is in the midst of it, one is most
aware of its deficiencies...its squabbles, the failing of individual Jews, of Jewish illiteracy, inter-marriage, organizational anarchy and religious
indifference. When viewed from the depressingly low foothills of Eastern European Jewish communities, American Jewry looms like a
mountain.
Despite the new won freedom of the Eastern European communities European Jewry is enveloped in an atmosphere of sadness. The great
bulk of its people; the reservoir of faith, culture and population which was Eastern Europe, is no more. For many there is the frightening
and haunting memory of the Hitler years and of suffering and loss. I remember traveling with such a group some years ago to Roumania
and found that the actors of the Yiddish theater played to only a handful of American tourists. Many of the synagogues are becoming museums;
inter-marriage is mounting and in many communities the numbers of deaths in the Jewish community exceed births by many numbers.
It is precisely out of this background that the virtues of the American Jewish community are seen most clearly.
We enjoy two priceless assets. First of all, we have size. We are numbered in the millions rather than in the hundreds of thousands. Our
congregations are numbered by multiple hundreds rather than on the fingers of one hand. Even the large size of our congregations, so often
deplored, is a virtue whose worth cannot be calculated truly until one has seen the opposite - congregations and communities which are all
so small that they cannot afford the appropriate schools and programs that are part of congregational life.
More important still is the tremendous vitality of the American Jewish community. We have disagreements and hundreds of other faults
but there is life and activity and concern in our midst. People compete and argue but they also affirm and build and look to the future. They
commit themselves to the education of the next generation. It is a far cry from the passive acceptance which one may see in Eastern Europe.
Given this perspective there is much that we can be proud of.
The same can be said of our congregation. Sometimes distance lends enchantment. Yes...we have problems with deficits. We have
programs which need support and the direction of our congregation. We need our members to invest more significantly for the future...and
I use the word investment in the best sense of the word. We need the cooperation and the intellectual growth of a more informed parent
body. Our families need to be integrated more fully in the life...educational, social and religious of the congregation. As Rabbi I receive the
brunt of comments from members who tell me what is wrong and yet almost weekly in recent months as visitors would pass through the doors
of our synagogue on the occasions of the celebrations of B’nai Mitzvah, weddings and during holidays they would remark with unanimity,
“you have a beautiful congregation”, “your facilities are extraordinary”, “your services are warm and enjoyable and edifying”, “Rabbi, you
have a wonderful congregation, it is a mehaya (translation: life sustaining) to see how many lay people are involved.”
This is all true. When you consider our heavy investment in education; the intensive education our children receive in the Solomon Schechter
Day School, the quality of our Religious School, the depth of our program from our Pre-school through our Confirmation a sense of pride
should be in order. You have to be pleased when you see former students now involved as lay leaders, leading services, reading the Torah;
you can’t help but be pleased when you realize that we have a Minyan every morning and every evening through the year and that our families
are able to enjoy the milestones of life cycle events in the most beautiful of settings. How proud we should be. We have the support of an
extraordinary Sisterhood. Our people are served by Family Council, 55+, a new Men’s Club, P.T.A. and A.U.T.O. There are many adults
who continue with their Jewish education in our Adult Education Program. Our children in significant numbers go to Camp Ramah, visit
Israel and continue to be involved with our congregation even when they’re in college. We have a dedicated staff and a corps of committed
lay leaders. From this perspective there is much that we can look forward to in the future.
What is true of the American Jewish community may also be true of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. We have vitality and size. What else
can we want? Nothing, save, perhaps, a deeper sense of responsibility commensurate with these blessings and a deep seated resolution to
employ them with all our involvement, to share with our synagogue the material blessings that are our own, to know that by our contributions
we will make a sustained difference for Jewish life in the years ahead.
This very Yearbook is being dedicated to our own Hyman Selber because of his own enchantment with our congregation and because of
his vision for our synagogue. Having served as Chairman of the Yearbook for more than 55 years Hymie has been responsible through his
dedication to the Yearbook for raising substantial funds for the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In this fashion he has affected the lives of our
congregants; most especially teenagers and children who have been enriched by his dedication. We express our appreciation for all this in
our Yearbook dedication and wish Hymie and his entire family health and wellbeing in merit of his consecration to our congregation and to
the Jewish people.
As we begin a New Year, a view from afar might be tempting. Let us, however, also be thankful for the blessings that are closer to home.
From Inge and myself, to you and to yours, best wishes for a healthy, happy and fulfilling year.. .a year of perspective, of appreciation and
hopefully, of vision.
