155
United Synagogue Summer Programs
Eanatn
Camp Ramah
Camp Ramah is a very special place where you not only learn about Judaism,
but you also live it. Anyone who has ever visited Ramah has been touched by the
unique spirit that grows there. Ramah offers a full range of camp athletic and social
activities in addition to its special blend of Jewish cultural and social activities.
Over the years, RAMAH has helped instill a deeper commitment to Judaism in
many of its participants. The Center believes that benefits accrue to the congrega-
tion, not just to the individual. We have, therefore, made monies available to
reduce the financial cost of qualified students, regardless of need. These monies
are not part of the regular Center budget, but rather are raised by donations to the
Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, Center Sisterhood, scholarships and from
other donations made throughout the year.
Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish education
pruposes. With the full support of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never
lost interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe Selber Trust have been used
to send campers to Ramah.
We are grateful to Horty Gendzier who coordinates this worthwhile program.
The following students attended Camp Ramah:
Elizabeth Baker, Emily Goldberg, Aron
Greenburg, Joshua Marks, Rachel Mizrahi, Shira
Morris, Mathew Safer, Morry Safer, Lisa
Schneider, Lisa Spriggs. The following students
worked at Camp Ramah: Simeon Abramson,
Beth Greenburg, Daniel Jaffa, Burton Katz,
Ricky Plotkin and Brent Trager.
RAMAH IN ISRAEL SEMINAR This six-week Jewish teen
program for those who have completed the 11th grade is an
exciting tour of Israel. The teens study, travel and visit amy
kibbutzim. A fabulous weekend is spent at the first Conservative
Jewish Kibbutz—Kibbutz Hanaton. The educational process
extends far beyond the formal classes; it is a living experience.
USY ON WHEELS This six and a half
week cross country tour affords teenagers,
ages 14% to 18, the opportunity to see
many of the exciting sites in the U.S. and
Canada while living a fully Jewish life.
Each bus of 45 teens has a chance to visit
their peers and experience Conservative
Judaism in North America.
U$V ISRAEL
PILGRIMAGE
USY ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE This is a unique opportunity for young people ages 15
to 18 to visit Israel. Based in Jerusalem, each of our groups travels the country
experiencing their Jewish heritage. Some of the highlights of the trip are the JNF forest
project, lectures by outstanding personalities and the Tzedakah Awareness program.
In addition to spending a delightful summer with their Israeli peers, our Pilgrims also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling
companions throughout the United States and Canada.
LTI Leadership Training Institute/Summer Encampment
Summers are topped off with a unique experience at Camp Blue
Star for one week during the month of August. Teenagers from
7th grade and up are encourage to take the opportunity to
participate in this program which includes informal classes and
discussion groups, cultural activities and special evening activities
in addition to a full range of camp sports and social activities. The
camp provides two unique programs: 1) Kadima, grade 7 & 8
and 2) USY, grade 9 through 12.
mm
USY YEAR PROGRAM
IN ISRAEL
Daniel Goldfield spent a
year in Israel enjoying this
program with hundreds of
Jewish students from around the
world. The program included
studies at Hebrew University, leadership training, Kibbutz
living experience, volunteer work with the community,
lots of touring and personal growth.
