Jacksonville Jewish Center is Proud to
Dedicate this Yearbook to Hyman Selber
Among the many pleasures in his life, Hymie Selber
counts the Jacksonville Jewish Center. How lucky we are!
For fifty-five years, the name of Hymie Selber has been
synonymous with the Jacksonville Jewish Center year-
book. As business manager, Hymie was responsible for
soliciting ads and keeping the books. To him it was a labor
of love. It gave him pleasure to see the Center increase its
revenue each year.
Hymie is very humble. He gives credit to people like his brother, Philip Selber, Max Rubin,z'l,
Ethel Joel,z'l, Jack Dorman and especially, Esther Fishier,z’l, Center Sisterhood and the many
other volunteers and staff members who have made the yearbook such a successful program.
He readily admits that it was his wife, Bertha, z’l, and Hannah Setzer, z'l, who were the original
“dynamic duo” when it came to ad solicitations. They, literally, walked from store to store in
downtown Jacksonville soliciting businesses for yearbook ads. They would not take “no” for an
answer.
Hymie’s children, Ina Taffet and Joel Selber, remember that before their father left for work
in the morning he would leave a list of businesses for their mother to call on that day. To Hymie
and Bertha it was a year-round job and they took it seriously. It was their determination and
dedication that set the example for future yearbook solicitors.
Although Hymie retired from his business, he still takes the time to oversee every yearbook.
He continues to work closely with the editors giving advice and encouragement whenever
needed.
On April 11, 1975 the Jacksonville Jewish Center adopted a resolution which states:
"...IHymie’s] remarkable record of achievement is matched only by the success of the annual
Center Yearbook which has received national recognition as an outstanding chronicle of our
Synagogue-Center’s activities and programs. The lives of thousands of children, teenagers and
adults have been enriched because dedicated individuals such as Hyman Selber have raised the
funds to help make these programs possible.
...May Hyman Selber’s example of unselfish service serve as an inspiration to all of us.”
Hymie is a ba’al tzedakah —he is blessed with an open hand, sensitive heart and warm soul.
Many Jewish organizations in Jacksonville and Israel are recipients of his graciousness. The
Center is grateful that Hymie has shared his optimism, indomitable enthusiasm, burning deter-
mination and insight with the congregation. He has certainly made a difference in our lives.
Mazel tov to Hymie and his entire family.
-Editor
