195
Jewish Family & Community Services
Jewish Family & Community Services has had an exciting year and is
looking forward to another year full of new projects.
We have services for every aspect of our community including counseling,
seniors programs at our Community Kosher Nutrition Site, financial
assistance, social development, adoption and foster care. Our Group Home
for the Developmentally Disabled, called Grove House, is becoming a
reality. By next year at this time, our home should be ready for occupancy.
Our Russian Resettlement Program is going very well. Our community has welcomed 150 New
Americans and are now waiting for more refugees to join us. We are helping our New Americans
get settled, learn English, get jobs and integrate themselves into the Jewish community.
We are in our new building, close by so that you can avail yourselves of our many services. Our
JFCS “family” looks forward to a year of community involvement strengthening the ties that bind us
together.
The JFCS Staff and Board wishes you a Happy and Healthy New Year.
IRIS T. YOUNG
Executive Director
BOARD MEMBERS 1990-91
President
Cathy Winterfield
First Vice-President
Alan Harrison
Vice Presidents
Dr. Stephen Meritt
Dr. Sol Brotman
Dr. Ben Lewis
Lois Chepenik
Treasurer
Alan Harrison
Medical Director
Dr. Guy Benrubi
Mental Health Director
Dr. Alan Harris
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the central fundraising,
planning, budgeting and coordinating agency for the Jewish com-
munity. It strives to address the needs of the Jewish community,
encouraging community participation. Its diverse committees offer
many opportunities for volunteer involvement.
The Federation funds and coordinates community relations and
education programs. It publishes a monthly newspaper of Jewish
news of local and national interest. The Federation’s Israel and
New York Teen Experiences and Young Leadership program
examine Jewish life and history and give participants an oppor-
tunity to experience their Jewishness in unique and meaningful
ways.
The Federation conducts an annual campaign that raises funds
for the United Jewish Appeal, as well as other national and
overseas agencies. Local beneficiaries are the Jewish Community President: Joan Levin
Alliance, Jewish Family and Community Services, the Kosher Executive VP: Alan Margolies
Nutrition Program, River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged and
the chapters of various Jewish organizations.
■CH--ZC2200
