27
Center Men's Club
The year 5750 has seen the revitalization of the Men’s Club through the insight and hard work of a few good men. The
original goals of the Men’s Club were fulfilled with programs that educated, enlightened, and entertained; membership rolls
climbed steadily and included a broad cross-section of the Center population; and friendships were formed.
Highlights of the year included the Superbowl Party and the fishing trip. Members and their families who attended these
events had such a good time that they will be repeated annually. A presentation on anti-Semitism in the Soviet Union was
timely and inspiring. The update on pro-football’s chances in Jacksonville gave us all a new insight.
In the next year several challenges face the board. We must continue to provide programs which stimulate intellectually,
socially, and spiritually. We are planning to affiliate with the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs. Appropriate service projects
to the synagogue and Judaism will be established.
Assooy Kahalach to the founding board and Yasher Koach to the present board members. As it is written in Pirkay
Avot (v.26), “ Ben Hai Hai said, According to the labor is the reward.” We have been greatly rewarded.
I bid you a Shalom, Peace and Shana Tova. -Ira Grann, President
Officers
President Ira Grann
Vice President Stu Appelbaum
Treasurer Bruce Glassman
Secretary Marc Kurland
Board Members: Fred Blum, Neil Sandler,
Barrí; Schuster, Harry Shmunes, Tom Spriggs
Joel Bressler Honored
On Sunday, November 19, 1989, Joel Bressler was honored at a brunch by
the Jacksonville Jewish Center for his ten years of service as acting cantor on
Shabbat and holidays. As founding member of the Hevra Kaddish, “Jewish
Burial Society,” he was the organization’s ongoing president since its creation
in 1976.
This tribute given to Joel Bressler was well-deserved and an expression of the
community’s esteem and affection it has felt for Joel for so many years. The
Jacksonville Jewish Center and the community are grateful to Joel for his many
contributions has has made to Jewish life in Jacksonville.
After the High Holidays in 1989, Joel Bressler moved to Potomac, Maryland
where he now makes his home with his new wife, Shirley.
