209
ZIONIST ORGANIZATION
OF AMERICA
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
The Zionist Organization of America, Jacksonville District,
has had one of its most successful years. It has been our
custom for more than 43 years to sponsor a Jewish Na-
tional Fund Banquet in the community to encourage the
planting of trees in Israel. This year we memorialized our
beloved member Cantor A1 Marton. By example he taught
generations what Zionism is all about. Trees can be planted
to commemorate any occasion.
Our most important function is support of national ZOA
which monitors activities in our nation’s capital, the White
House, Congress, and all other relevant agencies. Besides
publishing the American Zionist and ZOA Insider, there is
the Zionist Information News Service which provides a
weekly news bulletin filled with vital information not usually
found elsewhere. ZOA Headquarters in New York City
serves as a cultural and educational center for Zionist activity
in America. ZOA has accepted the challenge of the Confer-
ence of Presidents of major American Jewish organizations
to fight against U.N. Resolution 3379 which equates
“Zionism with racism.”
ZOA is one of the few Zionist organizations with a constitu-
ency whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel. To
this end, young leadership missions were organized, dia-
logues with Christian Zionists established and cultural
programs continued at ZOA House in Tel Aviv. Renew
your commitment to Israel by joining with us.
OFFICERS
President
Alan Taffet
Chairman of the Board
Milton B. Mann
Vice Presidents:
Membership
Henry Blumenthal
Fund Raising
Sol Proctor
Education
Nate Krestul
Programs
Ina Taffet
Recording Secretary
Lois & Leon Robins
Financial Secretary
Lil Meizlik
Corresponding Secretary
Diane Greenbaum
Treasurer
Wendy Honigman
Parliamentarian
Nathan Shmunes
Historian
Joseph Honigman
J.N.F. Chairmen
Pearl Marton and
Clara Mann
Jacksonville District ZOA is proud to sponsor, in con-
junction with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, a
ZOA/MASADA SCHOLARSHIP. This fund awards
scholarships to Jewish students of the Jacksonville
community. A recipient may choose from the many
Masada Youth Programs in Israel. These programs
provide a six week tour of Israel: exploring from the
Galilee to the Gulf of Eilat. The applicants must
submit an essay on an assigned topic and then be
interviewed by the Scholarship Committee. Yana
Shteyn was the winner for 1990. For an application,
please call Ina Taffet at 737-7848.
ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE #800
6161 Phillips Highway • Jacksonville, Florida 32216 U.S.A.
(904) 731-3406
Founded in 1843, B’nai B’rith is the world’s largest Jewish
organization. One-half million members in 41 countries are affi-
Hated with B’nai B’rith. The organization defends human rights
and fights discrimination throughout the world. It sponsors inter-
faith dialogues, promotes democracy and world peace and is
committed to Jewish unity. B’nai B’rith has helped instill hundreds
of thousands of young adults with moral and ethical values and a
of Jewish identity through the Hillel Foundations on over 400
college campuses. B’nai B’rith provides senior citizens with quality
sense housing and its youth organizations offer leadership train-
ing to teenagers. B’nai B’rith works to promote Jewish education,
and to preserve Jewish culture; through community programs its
membership reaches out to those in need and works for the
betterment of society.
In Jacksonville B’nai B’rith is always looking for new members
who are interested in working with the local organization. For
further information or membership information contact the presi-
Stuart I. Hecht, President dent Stuart Hecht at 731-3406.
