President’s Message
When I was a boy growing up at the Center, I looked forward to the end of
services on Rosh Hashanah and the mad rush to the lobby to pick up the yearbook.
Seeing photographs and reading articles about myself and my friends brought back
the joy that was experienced throughout the year. How many of us catch ourselves
cracking a smile as we look at a photograph and remember how we felt at the time
it was taken.
It is well that we honor Hymie Selber for his many years of dedicated service to
the synagogue and for his efforts in producing the yearbook. Aside from raising
funds for the synagogue, the yearbook has provided our members with a means of
preserving precious moments in our congregational life. Reviewing the pages of our
yearbook reinforces the notion that the Center dishes out more than its fair share
of memories.
Our synagogue will soon be celebrating its 90th birthday. We should be proud of what our synagogue has
accomplished, and the quality of its religious programs, schools, activities. But we cannot stand on our laurels.
We must strive, everyday, to create new memories that will evoke in our members and their children feelings
of satisfaction, accomplishment, and enjoyment. Our synagogue should set a standard of excellence. And we
should try our best to uphold that standard.
The next yearbook will contain the congregational memories created over the forthcoming year. 1 hope your
memories and the memories of your children will meet, or exceed, your expectations. Only then can we say
that the synagogue has fully met its responsibilities.
May this forthcoming year bring you health, happiness, and peace of mind. Robin, Shira, Aliza and Zachary
join me in wishing you L’Shanah Tovah T’ikatavu.
Very truly yours,
Jeffery B. Morris
THE d flNG COMPANIES
Serving the personnel needs of Jacksonville
for the past twenty two years!
• Permanent • Temporary
• Employee Leasing
• Interest and Aptitude Testing
^ING
1901 Gulf Life Tower
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Barbara Schneider
398-5464
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
13
