President’s Message
At the approach of the New Year, I want to
express my gratitude and appreciation to the large
number of our membership, who have so obligingly and
graciously cooperated with the leadership of the Cen¬
ter throughout the past year. Because of this combined
effort, we were able to record a year of financial prog¬
ress, a year of unity and good will.
Due to our Rabbi’s effective planning, the adult
educational program was a richly rewarding one. Ev¬
eryone who attended and participated in it certainly
derived a wealth of information and gained knowledge
on a wide variety of very interesting subjects. There
was a deep sense of gratification felt in the educa¬
tional phase and a pleasurable experience on the social
hours that followed each lecture and discussion. We
are indebted indeed to Rabbi Lipnick for the excellent
manner in which he prepared and presented those lec¬
tures to us.
We truly are delighted and proud of the products
of our Religious School. It is heart warming and en¬
couraging to see the great number of our pupils, who
participate and conduct every facet of the Sabbath
Services. They are well poised and perform with abil¬
ity and ease, both in the chanting of the Service and
in the Torah reading. It is almost a weekly source of
joy to all of us.
JACK BECKER, President
Many thinks are due to all those who have given
so much of their time and energy for the welfare of
the Center. The more we give, whether it is of our
substance or of our time, the greater is the joy of life.
The Officers and Board Members join me in best
wishes to all for a year of good health, happiness and
Peace. Le Shanah Tovah Tikatevn!
It gives me pleasure to welcome Mr. W. Z. Gold¬
berg as our new executive director. Mr. Goldberg has
been a member of the Center Board and an ardent
worker in our Synagogue for many years. We have
great expectations and look forward to a year of fruit¬
ful service. He has the support and cooperation of
the entire Congregation. We wish him and his family,
good health and success in his new endeavor.
Let us become more cognizant of the important
role the Center occupies in our respective lives, and
support every phase of its activities to the best of our
ability. The religoius and educational programs de¬
mand our financial support and our personal partici¬
pation.
BURTON I. GROSSMAN
Chairman of the Board
15
