s,
'y n a cj¡ ocj it c
- C center ^Administration
We take this opportunty to welcome to
our staff Mr. W. Z. Goldberg who has been
elected as our new Executive Director. We
all wish him good luck and success in his new
position, and assure him the cooperation of
the Center Board, office staff, and the entire
congregation. He is assuming his duties the
beginning of our fiscal year.
Through this Year Book we have a bird’s-
eye view of the Center program of this last
year. The book is a summary of the various
activities of this Synagogue-Center depicted in
pictures and words. We are grateful to the
many organizations of this community who
have cooperated in providing us with the ma¬
terial.
On behalf of the administrative staff we
extend the entire membership and our many
friends best wishes for a Happy and Pros¬
perous New Year.
W. Z. GOLDBERG
Executive Director
KENNETH BOWDEN
Comptroller
MRS. FLORENCE ROBIN
Secretary-Administration
MRS. ESTHER FISHLER
Secretary-Year Book
MRS. REEDA
CARMICHAEL
Machine Bookkeeper
riej <^Jcope
Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are
held daily, morning and evening in the Chapel. Friday
Family Services, Sabbath and Holiday Services are
observed in the Sanctuary throughout the year.
Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish
customs are observed in connection with Circumcision,
naming of girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat
Mitzvah, Confirmation, Marriages, Conversion to Jud¬
aism, Bereavement.
Education — Daily Kindergarten and Nursery with
outstanding program of secular and religious content.
Hebrew School ,carefully graded with intensive He¬
brew content. Sunday School, with a curriculum in¬
cluding Jewish history and customs, Solomon Schech-
ter Day School, a graded secular and Hebrew School,
1st through 3rd grade, with Pre-Jr., Junior, Teen and
Confirmation Congregations and Minyan Clubs.
nun
of Activities
Extension Services — Library, outstanding collection
of juvenile and adult Jewish books; Adult Education,
religious and cultural Jewish courses; Music, programs
of religious and cultural Jewish music; Sisterhood and
Men’s Club; Social activities provided by Mr. and Mrs.
Club, Amity Club, “32 Club”, Regency Club; Family
Recreation Program (Olympic Pool), summer week¬
days and Sundays for all ages at our Campsite.
Youth Activities — ATID for college age youth, United
Synagogue Youth, various age levels are served by
Center Youth League, Charles Palot Club, Major’s Pre-
Teens, U. S. Y., Scouting (Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts),
Athletics, programs for youth and adults; Day Camp
—nine weeks summer program at our 36 acre Camp¬
site.
Family Recreation Program — Center Campsite . . .
Athletics, swimming, and snack bar is available dur¬
ing the summer months.
11
