Art, the University and the Center . . . .
Those of us who are identified with the synagogue,
Judasim, and the Jewish people are under constant
obligation to ask ourselves the question of purpose.
There is a continuous need on our part to define and
redefine objectives and the reasons we have banded
together as a congregation and as a community. We
are not proud. We seek enlightenment from every pos¬
sible source.
On my summer reading list was a book by Ben
Shahn, the painter, entitled “The Shape of Content”.
A few years ago Mr. Shahn was invited to deliver a
series of lectures at Harvard University and what he
said, I think, can be applied to our search for defini¬
tion. Mr. Shahn was bemoaning the fact that an artist
on the faculty of the university does not usually pro¬
duce memorable works. Nor does the university itself
pursue the goals of art with great seriousness, for it
has other more pressing concerns, the study of liter¬
ature, science, philosophy, language, etc. He makes a
number of pointed observations.
First, “Individuals and institutions in the prac¬
tical world customarily look to the university for the
most advanced work and opinion obtainable.”
Second, ”Ideas and leadership flow out oi the
university and into general currency.”
Third, “Individuals who teach and work under
the university aegis are actually working in the center
of their field and not on its fringes.”
Fourth, and this is Mr. Shahn’s lament, “The
student of art in a college is almost required to guard
himself against becoming involved or too serious about
his art. He will dabble . . . and must not . . . make
of art a field of major interest.”
I suppose it is almost automatic with me, beyond
my control. As I read Ben Shahn, I immediately trans¬
posed into my own Jewish key. From art I moved
instinctively into the synagogue and what is expected
of it. Perhaps it was Shahn’s constant reference to the
university as center which put me on. An easy thing,
therefore, for me to link this Center, this Synagogue,
Judasim, the whole enterprise in which we are en¬
gaged, and which serves as one of the purposes of this
Year Book, edition 5727, to ask ourselves a number of
questions.
First, Do people have a right, I thought, to look
to us for the most advanced work and opinion obtain¬
able in the realm of Jewish values and human, ethical
and moral aspirations?
RABBI JEROME LIPNICK
Second, Should not ideas and leadership for the
transformation of our society flow out of the synagogue
into general currency?
Third, Ought not those who belong to our fellow¬
ship and who find themselves under our aegis actually
work at the center of the field of problems that con¬
front us and our world, not its fringes. Each Jew, each
family, to the best of its ability, artist?
So many of us are so preoccupied with our
customary pursuits and we guard ourselves against
becoming too seriously involved. We dabble, and do
not make Judaism and its serious demands upon us
our major field of major interest.
Our search for a purpose and definition, it seems
to me, must express itself along the lines which Shahn,
and I think our heritage, have indicated. We must ex¬
press ourselves in terms of the most advanced work
and the most advanced opinion, fully involved, not
dabbling; at the vortex, not at the periphery of the
social, political and religious concerns, shaping our¬
selves and the content of our time, and our history.
As we begin another year of our common quest,
I wish to salute and congratulate Cantor Abraham
Marton on the completion of his twenty years of serv¬
ice and devotion to our congregation and to the com¬
munity. My hopes for him, his wife and his family
are for many years of continued service.
RABBI JEROME LIPNICK
13
