A Man, A Melody, A Congregation, A Tradition . . .
and musician and choral conductor of talent and excellence
in his own personal right; then, as a man of vision and
insight whose love of Zion has been expressed daily in teach¬
ing and in song and in Zionist political and cultural activity;
and third, the overseer, the leader, the man of responsibility,
dedicated to the transmission of his zeal and skill by train¬
ing and inspiring others.
The evening began with a service in the sanctuary, and
for me it will remain as one of the most memorable in which
I have participated. Cantor Marton, clutching to the Amud,
the Choir seated in the balcony, this time not out of sight
in the choir loft, and the Cantor’s family proudly seated in
the front row, everyone tense with excitement and expecta¬
tions as they reflected on what these two decades of prayer
and melody have meant.
At the banquet my eyes were riveted to the table at
which sat the three brothers Marton and their families and
the Cantor’s two daughters, Barbara and Shelley. I watched
the joy that illuminated their faces with each address and
tribute. For some unexplicable reasons this was the first
time that two of his brothers, Benjamin and Joseph had
seen each other in 40 years. Amazing that the Cantor, over¬
whelmed and moved as he was, had the presence of mind
in his own response to quote the verse in Genesis when Joseph
the Viceroy, made himself known to his brothers, and beheld
Benjamin.
It came as no surprise when our President rose to offer
his tribute of appreciation in behalf of the congregation, but
we were all deeply moved when he concluded his remarks in
the Hebrew language. His thesis: each occasion that helps
to perpetuate our people must provide room for the tongue,
that all our generations have revered and held sacred. To
have spent twenty years of the four millenia of the Jewish
people’s search for the true and the good in one congrega¬
tion is an achievement of no small consequence.
It was an evening of warmth and strong sentiments that
made me think of a passage in Peretz that only the power
of music, the power of man, and the power of a mighty trad¬
ition could evoke.
4‘Sunday evening was a memorable evening for the
Mar tons, the Jacksonville Jewish Center, and for Jewish
Life, may they increase!” Count the words — twenty. And
whether or not you say it in as many words, it is true.
Rabbi Jerome Lipnick
The melody lingers on ...
MAY THEY INCREASE.
Hyman Selber, General Chairman,
and M. D. Evans, Master of Ceremonies
The melody . . . the tradition
The Committee
The Congregation
34
