RELIGIOUS EDUCATION
JACK SHORSTEIN
Chairman
¡111
SHELDON GENDZIER
Co-Chairman
TED GROSS
Principal
Jewish education has always been a primary con¬
sideration of any individual Jewish home following the
Biblical instruction “teach them diligently unto thy
children. ”
Should Jewish education end with the Bar Mitz-
vah ceremony? This aspect was made a major consid¬
eration in the school’s policy for Bar and Bat Mitzvah
preparation. Emphasis has been placed on natural use
of skills at regular services. To a great extent pupils
are not trained for the personal ceremony during the
last months before Bar Mitzavh. The policy has been
that students must show they know how to lead the
basic portion of each service for Sabbath and holiday
occasions. This policy is being continued with greater
emphasis for the coming year.
In respect to further division of the school, both
Junior Congregations and the Sunday morning Minyan
Club have been divided into intensive and extensive
sections.
With the limitation of Foundation School to three
grades, the Hebrew School had to accommodate these
advanced students on their own level. The curriculum
is designed to meet the needs of older students on the
same level as the younger graduates from Foundation
School, who are being kept together to maintain their
high spirits.
In the Sunday Religious School, primary assemblies
have been re-instituted with the help of teachers of this
department. Advantage was taken of the local Israeli
group which includes a number of skilled young people
who could add their knowledge and Hebrew skills to
our program. For the first time the prayer courses have
reached a regular analysis of the High Holiday services
so that now a special study is conducted of the prayer-
books used throughout the year. An innovation in
Sunday School is to conduct oral tests of individual
students in the School Office. With our duplicating
machine, we are now able to produce detailed study
sheets for each lesson. The school is developing its
own workbooks to accompany the courses.
Special thanks are due to Jack Shorstein, Chairman
of the Education Committee, and its sub-Chairman,
Sheldon Gendzier.
MRS.
SHELDON GENDZIER
Administrative Assistant
MRS. A. ROSENZWEIG
School Secretary
67
