n
ited
^Yjnagocj
we
CENTER YOUTH LEAGUE
Left to right: Sheila Kramer, Advisor; Debbie Michelson, Debbie Morris, Harry Sinoff, Jeffrey
Goldstein, Morry Edwards, Martin Berman, Susan Gendzier, and Rita Weinstein, Advisor.
In so many ways, C.Y.L.’ers are proclaiming “this
was the year that was.” We worked and studied to¬
gether in a unity that was to bring rich rewards at
the end of the year. Anti-Semitism and Comparative
Religion were but two of the main topics of study for
the year. Requests for copies of our program in honor
of Israel’s Independence Day poured in from all over
Ha Negev Region. We also took time out for fun —
the trip to Cape Kennedy in November when we met
the Satellite Beach chapter and toured the space com¬
plex together; and a highly successful progressive din¬
ner in March.
Conventions gave us the opportunity to expand
our spheres of knowledge and friends. St. Louis was
the scene for National Convention. There our eight
delegates swelled with pride as Southeast Region, for
the fifth consecutive year, won a Regional Award. Na¬
tional awards to six of our members were also received
there. In March a happy busload left for W. Palm
Beach and Regional Convention and an even happier
group returned home after the election of Eliot Safer
as Regional U.S.Y. President. The Tri-City Kinnus
hosted here gave us another chance to grow and learn.
Successful conventions are the result of hard work and
Morry Edwards and Mayer Becker, co-chairmen cer¬
tainly proved that. The Tri-City elections were almost
a clean sweep for us as Debbie Morris was elected
President and Martin Berman, East Coast Vice-Presi¬
dent. The Kinnus was topped off with our own Annual
Installation Banquet, which was one of the most suc¬
cessful in recent years. New officers were installed by
Mr. Louis Safer and awards were presented to the
year’s most outstanding C.Y.L.’ers. The boy’s award
was won by Eliot Safer and the girl’s award by Hilda
and Gilda Goldman.
The summer saw another successful L.T.I. at
Camp Blue Star in Hendersonville, N. C. There our
chapter received an award for outstanding achievement
in study, prayer and program. We also carried home
the honor of winning the Region’s highest award —
The Regional Programming Award.
Under the able leadership of this year’s president,
Eliot Safer and his excellent officers and board, we
have concluded a most significant year. Special thanks
to Hilda and Gilda Goldman for their outstanding pro¬
gramming. Also many thanks to our advisors, Rita
Weinstein and Sheila Kramer, for their guidance and
support past, present and future.
Now we look forward to the continuation of our
efforts under our newly-elected officers headed by
Martin Berman. May we attain the goals we have set
for ourselves.
Award for U.S.Y. Outstanding Girl for 1966-67 Award for U.S.Y. Outstanding Boy
presented to Hilda and Gilda Goldman by Jack for 1966-67 presented to Eliot Safer
Mizrahi. by Gail Price.
103
