1967 C^entcr
The Center Day Camp is uniqiue and unusual
in that few other camps offer such a wide variety
of activities at such a nominal cost. The health and
welfare of your children is our constant concern. Day
Camp is not just a place; it is a Way of Living that
stimulates mind and body, enriches life, and builds
habits of happy co-operative living.
For nine exciting weeks, under the supervision of
a well trained and experienced staff, your children are
taught to delight in the wonderful world of nature,
participate in a well planned program of arts and
crafts, swimming, skiing, sports and just having fun.
Our goal is to help each youngster enjoy a happy,
healthy summer in a Jewish environment by making
Max)
new friends, developing new interests and acquiring
new skills.
Our Camp consists of 36 acres of beautiful wood¬
lands, complete with Olympic AAU Swimming Pool
and a small kiddie pool, Basketball, and Tennis Courts,
Baseball and Softball Diamonds, and extra facilities for
water sports. Our Camp has the distinction of being
the first Day Camp in the State of Florida to be ap¬
proved as a member of the American Camping Assn.
The Camp program is divided into four two-week
periods which include besides the regularly scheduled
activities — a field trip to a point of interest, over¬
night at Campsite and a special project developed by
each individual group.
STAFF
Director: Blanche Slott; Assistant Director: Sabina Meyer;
Counselors: Susan Gendzier, Holly Lodinger, Shelly Newman,
Sandi Reich, Wendy Klein, Harvey Hodz, Irvin Weinstein,
Jack Zaret; Asst. Counselors: Robin Ganson, Sheila Mesnick,
Allison Newman, Debbie Michelson, Mark Zimmerman, Jeff
Goldstein, Richard Ghelerter, Eli Rothenberg; A. C. T.’s: Terri
Ganson, Nancy Kaplan, Arlene Dittman, Mark Backer, Mark
Grauer, Marilyn Schinasi, Karen Baumgarten, Andy Kauss
C.I.T. Cass with Instructor Sabina Meyer
and Robert Zaret; Waterfront: Director Benjie Felder, Steve
Klausner, Michele Yergin, Michael Witten, Sherri Baker;
Skiing and Boating, Barry Setzer, Michael Backer; Arts and
Crafts Director, Mrs. M. J. Reiser; Asst. Director Charlet Lind
and Anita Goldbberg; Specialists, Judy Lovitz, Baton; Marilyn
Wolfson, Sewing; Esther Talpalar, Good Grooming; Mayer
Becker, Hebrew.
Best C.I.T. Awards presented to Judy Silberstein
and Jerold Morris
115
