^rJSjb
(COLLEGE AGE YOUTH)
ATID has now completed its third year of pro¬
gramming for our congregation’s college students.
During the December vacation, the group gathered
for a Friday evening reunion to share the experiences
of the students on various campuses.
This past summr ATID continued its program of
weekly discussions at the home of the members. The
first series of discussions dealt with “Civil Rights and
OUR Changing Community”. The first session, con¬
ducted by Jacksonville’s former mayor, Louis Ritter,
focused upon the Negro in local politics and upon the
deplorable condition of low income housing. The sec¬
ond session related to the economic and sociological
aspects of the problem and to the vicious cycle of
poverty. The guest speakers wer Gordon Bunch, Exe¬
cutive Director of Greater Jacksonville Economic Op¬
portunity, and Rod Freeman, a staff worker with
G. J. E. O. The final session in this series examined
the position of the local Jewish community in the
matter.
Meeting held in Gainesville, Florida
The second series of discussion dealt with topics
of contemporary interest to the students. Among these
were the concept of prayer, Jewish theology, the new
sexual morality, and the war in Vietnam.
The last series of discussions focused upon the
theme, “American Judasim — A Problem for Sur¬
vival”. The aspects of the problem discussed included
the approaches of the various movements within Juda¬
ism to the challenge, the threat posed by intermar¬
riage, and the roles of existing institutions, especially
those of the college campus.
ATID also worked in cooperation with G. J. E. O.
to sponsor Sunday afternoon outings for underprivi¬
leged Negro children of East Jacksonville. Among these
were trips to the Mayport Carrier Basin, the Castillo
de San Marcos in St. Augustine, the Jacksonville Zoo,
Meadowbrook Dairy, Fort Caroline, Fire Station No. 1,
a boat ride on the St. Johns River and a swimming
party at Seminole Beach.
YEARS GROWING WITH JACKSONVILLE
OFFICE FURNITURE
INC.
*
. '
■ i * *
*♦'
1354 LAURA ST. Thank you,
TEL. 355-4611 ELLIOT STARR, Pres.
Mention the Center Year Book when Patronizing Our Advertisers
123
