92
iver
RIVER GARDEN HOME
S. WILLIAM GOLDSTEIN
President
OFFI
S. William Goldstein President
Sheldon Gendzier Executive Vice President
Chairman, Admissions Board
Donald D. Cohn Vice President
Co-Chairman, Admissions Board
Norman Hofheimer Vice President
Co-Chairman, Admissions Board
Eli Becker Vice President
Chairman, House Committee
Herbert Warner Vice President
Chairman, Public Relations
William Goldman Co-Chairman, Public Relations
Mrs. David Meyerhardt Vice President
Chairman, Residents Welfare
1966-67
This year marks the 21st anniversary of River
Garden’s long history of dedicated services to the aged
and infirm of Florida. In its twenty-one years, River
Garden served 396 permanent residents, plus 308 for
short-term convalescent care, holiday and vacation
purposes.
The present population of the Home averages 110
residents and plans are on the drawing boards for a
future building program to increase the capacity of the
Home. A pledge towards this has been made by Mr..
P. N. Coleman to memorialize his mother, Eugenia
Coleman.
The impact of the broad gamut of “Medicare”
services for senior citizens has not as yet been assessed,
because of its newness and complexity. River Garden
CERS
Dr. Harry Yoffee Vice President, Medical Director
Albert Kofka Treasurer
Arthur Hurwitz Secretary
Sidney Entman Executive Director
Lily Volotin Administrative Assistant
Robert E. Kogan Administrative Assistant
HONORARY PRESIDENTS
Ira Stein Irving Klepper
Harry Gendzier Joe Becker
Dr. Sam Witten Arthur J. Gutman
Samuel J. Thier
has been approved for this program as an Extended
Care Facility because of its high standards of services.
However, serving Medicare patients is limited because
all our available beds are now used for the most perm¬
anent residents.
It is this phase of community needs, which will
continue to grow as Medicare expands its program,
which is of serious concern to the Home. Requests
have been made constantly for this service since Jan¬
uary 1, 1967, when the program started, and we re¬
gret that referrals must be made elsewhere.
As large numbers of people reach the more mature
years, their needs for service will also increase. River
Garden is preparing to meet the population explosion,
which is anticipated among the aging in the next
decade, with the same dedication it has shown in
the past.
Compliments of
Charles L Wells
JEWELERS
220 WEST ADAMS PHONE 355-9548
GATE POST RESTAURANT
BOB CREVASSE, Owner
Private Banquet Facilities for Up to 100 People
COMPLETE CATERING SERVICE
Gateway Shopping Center
5426 Norwood Ave. 768-3401
Patronize Our Advertisers
They Deserve Your Support
175
