s,
emor
OFFICERS FOR 1967-68
President Mrs. Abe Newman
Vice-President
(Fund Raising) Mrs. Maurice Goldstein
Vice-President (Program) Mrs. .Lewis Meisel
Vice-President (Membership) Mrs. M. D. Evans
Vice-President
(Education) Mrs. Morris Greenberg
Recording Secretary Mrs. David Goodman
Corresponding Secretary .... Mrs. Bernard Shainbrown
Social Secretary Mrs. Harry Jaffe
Treasurer Mrs. T. M. Schneider
Financial Secretary Mrs. Jack Eisenberg
Hadassah is the largest Jewish women’s organiza¬
tion in the United States. If is organized in every one
of the United States and Puerto Rico.
The local chapter has three groups totalling a
membership of 700. During the June crisis, Hadassah
members contributed approximately $5,000 in their
“Chai” campaign.
Hadassah projects are two-fold. On the American
scene there is the Young Judaean program with Camp
Judaea in Hendersonville, N. C. and Camp Tel Yehu-
dah in Barryville, N. Y. Being a member of the local
Civic Round Table and the United Nations group,
Officers — Not pictured: Mrs. David Goodman and Mrs.
Jack Eisenberg
Hadassah engages in programs dealing with American
affairs.
The Hadassah Medical Organization in Jeru¬
salem, noted for its teaching, healing and research, is
the main project of Hadassah. Other projects are
Youth Aliyah, Jewish National Fund and Vocational
Education in Israel.
Hadassah meets on the second Tuesday of each
month from September through May. This year the
Israli Fashion Show will be on outstanding event of
the annual Membership Tea.
I I I I 1 I I I I I I 11 I I I I I I I I»I I I I 11•11'1111111111'1 " 11
mm 111111111 11111111 ■ 11111 ■ 11111
<J~CannaL <^enesc(t
vznincj
OFFICERS FOR 1967-68
President
Vice Presidents:
Program
Education
Membership
Fund Raising
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary ...
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
Honorary Donor Chairman
.. Mrs. Minna H. Geller
Mrs. Alfred Rosenzweig
Mrs. Irving Brukner
. Miss Bertha Mehlman
... Mrs. Leonard Saraga
... Mrs. Jack Sternstein
.... Mrs. Albert Bressler
Mrs. A1 Sinoff
Mrs. Morris Ansbacher
... Miss Lottie Salzman
This evenin group of Dadassah comprises over 100
members, most of whom are business and professional
women who are only able to attend evening meetings,
but also many non-working women for whom evening
meetings are more convenient. Meetings are in the
Jacksonville Jewish Center the second Monday of each
month. Fund raising and education are stressed with
monthly programs highlighting these themes. A very
successful season was terminated with a dinner meet¬
ing at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, catered by
Mrs. Philip Gottlieb.
183
