<Wationa / Co,,,,.-,-/ of jeWa ‘ia
omen
JACKSONVILLE SECTION
OFFICERS 1967-1968
President Mrs. Arnold Vandroff
Vice-President Mrs. Joseph Mason
Vice-President Mrs. Jack Coleman
Vice-President Mrs. L. J. Roobin
Vice-President Mrs. Melvin Esman
Treasurer Mrs. Sigmund Safier
Recording Secretary Mrs. E. D. Bock
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Leo Kaiser
Financial Secretary Mrs. Sam Michelson
The National Council of Jewish Women is an
organization which, in the spirit of Judaism, is dedi¬
cated to furthering human welfare in the Jewish and
general communities, locally, nationally, and interna¬
tionally. Through an integrated program of education,
service, and social action, it provides essential services
and stimulates and educates the individual and the
community toward their responsibility in advancing
human welfare and the democratic way of life.
In 1968, Council will be celebrating its 75th
Anniversary on the national level. It is in the spirit
of Faith and Humanity that the Jacksonville Section
carries out the following projects in our community.
1. Mental Health Forum — Our annual program and
seminar, jointly sponsored with the Mental Health
Association of Duval County, increases public un¬
derstanding in this field.
2. Medical Loan Shelf — We supply hospital and
sick room equipment to the indigent of our com¬
munity.
3. Teacher's Aid — Our trained members aid class¬
room teachers with academic instruction of chil¬
dren with speech and hearing handicaps.
OFFICERS OF N. C. J. W.
4. Pre-School Vision Screening — Our trained volun¬
teers test the eyes of pre-school children in Duval
County for Amblyopia (lazy-eye blindness). Dur¬
ing the past year over 1500 children were screened.
5. Senior Citizens Program — We sponsor “Educa-
tion Day” for senior citizens in our community.
Leading doctors and social workers conduct this
free program for all Senior Citizen groups.
6. We collect and donate new clothing for children
housed in the Juvenile Shelter. We also collect
books for the library of the East Jacksonville Ele¬
mentary School.
7. Overseas Program. Through the Ship-a-Box com¬
mittee, we ship work and play materials to the
kindergartens in Israel. This is done by contri¬
butions of toys from our members, and the chil¬
dren of the Sunday Schools of our Jewish com¬
munity.
LThe <£
venincj
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN
Chairman
Liaison with the Day Group
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Mrs. Mary L. Katz
Mrs. Hugo Mark
Mrs. Gertrude Patterson
Mrs. Anna Weiss
.... Miss Kate Bandrimer
The Evening Group of N. C. J. W. meets monthly at the Jewish Family
and Children’s Services; provides monthly programs at River Garden and
the Children’s Center, Children’s Home Society; makes educational cards
for children in hard of hearing schools in Israel; packs toys and supplies for
Israeli kindergartens, and collects nylon hosiery, used as therapy with chil¬
dren at the Pinecastle School.
MRS. MARY KATZ
President
185
