<JKa Retail
OFFICERS
President
Vice-President - Education
Vice-President - Program
Vice-President - Membership
Vice-President - Fund, Raising
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Financial Secretary
Advisor
Parliamentarian
Mrs. Barry Zisser
Mrs. Ronald Levin
Mrs. Howard Schneider
.... Mrs. Michael Lissner
... Mrs. Harry Katz, Jr.
Mrs. Kenneth Klausner
Mrs. Paul Hennes
... Mrs. Norman Allison
Mrs. Ronald Katz
Mrs. Lewis Young
Mrs. Donald Young
MRS. BARRY ZISSER
This new Hadassah Chapter for young women All young women interested in working for Hadas-
was organized in 1966. The group meets on the third sah are urged to join this chapter.
Tuesday of every month.
Singing Group
Young Judaea is a movement dedicated to instill¬
ing in our American Jewish youth a lasting identifica-
ton with their Jewish heritage, their people and the
land of Israel. Young Judaea seeks to bring to its
members an appreciation of Jewish values and is
devoted to the strengthening of Jewish traditions.
Some of the year’s activities were a presentation
of Israeli dances and songs at River Garden, two re¬
gional Conclaves, program presentation at Hadassah
Oneg Shabbat and discussion of Judaism in Israel.
Eight Judeans went to Camp Tel Yehudah, the na¬
tional camp of Young Judaea and twenty others at¬
tended Camp Judaea in Hendersonville, N. C.
During the Winter Convention held at Jekyll
Island, Georgia the Israeli dance trophy was won
again for the fourth consecutive year by the Jackson¬
ville dance group. At the Summer Convention held at
Camp Judaea, Andy Kauss was elected Executive
Member to the Regional Board.
Bas Yisrael President Eileen Feinberg
Haverim President Fannie Newman
Leaders: Saralee Newman and Pam Reich
Hatikvah Yisrael President Rosanne Moss
Leaders: Eileen Feinberg and Sandy Reich
T. A. C. President Marc Grauer
Leaders: Marvin Kliman and Allan Berman
Kibbutzers Yisroel President Beverlee Moskovitz
Leaders: Etta Failkow and Barbara Marton
Rauch President Bonnie Benwick
Leaders: Hilda Goldman and Shelly Newman
Young Judaea Dance Group
193
