Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
A book is the most delightful companion...An inanimate thing, yet it
talks...It stimulates your latent talents. There is in the world no friend
more faithful and attentive, no teacher more proficient... It will join you in
solitude, accompany you in exile, serve as a candle in the dark, and
entertain you in your loneliness. It will do you good, and ask no favor. In
return, it gives, and does not take.
The Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center continues to be one
of the most pleasant and inviting areas of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center.
As you enter the Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center there is
an attractive Reading Room. This serves as a warm and inviting place for
synagogue members to avail themselves of reading material. The Library
subscribes to many fine magazines such as “Moment”, “Commentary”,
“The Zionist”, “Congress Monthly”; and publications such as “Near East
Report”, “BA’Lam” “In the World”; and newspapers such as the
“Jerusalem Post”, “Jewish Post” and “Opinion”. The congregation is
invited to drop by and avail themselves of this material in this pleasant
surrounding.
The Solomon Schechter Day School Library has a very important and
required place in the education process for the Day School students and
the Hebrew School students. Mrs. Jill Derringer, Librarian, taught
library skills to the students which availed to them a great vista of books
for study and enjoyment.
The Library sponsored a “Sunday Morning in the Library”. Tobi
Meisel reviewed Paul Cowan’s “An Orphan in History”. Synagogue
members had an opportunity to view the many titles added to the Tofield
Collection through the generous contributions of the synagogue
members.
The Library Cart is available at the Kiddush every fourth Saturday of
the month. Center members have an additional opportunity to check out
reading books and periodicals.
Jack Becker and his committee have classified the Yiddish and
Hebrew books in the Library collection. They are available for the
congregation to use and enjoy.
Library committee volunteers continue to devote many service hours
necessary for the administration of this important facility. The Library is
grateful for the generous support of the Center membership. Member
contributions are used to purchase new books and library supplies.
Chairman: Minnie Schreiber
Tofield Collection
Co-Chairman: Diane Fages &
May Goldie Stillman
Belle Gendzier
Solomon Schechter Day School Library
Co-Chairman of Mothers:
Lauren Rothstein
Sharon Witten
Carol Schneider
Maiiene Bossen
Library Cart
Co-Chairman: Lillian Meizlik
Rita Gendzier Judaica Collection
Co-Chairman: Tobi Meisel
Florence Schreiber
Hermine Newman
Treasurer: Roselyn Selber
Judge Morton Kesler enjoys reading a
Jewish periodical.
Book Burial
May 30, 1983
“K’vod Has-s’-fa-reem” “Honor for books” is extended to all books. As a mark of
special regard we have for GOD and a religious book, a Jewish book containing
GOD’s name--particularly a religious volume--is to be disposed of properly. If such a
book is beyond repair, defaced, or of no use to anyone, it is not to be put in the
garbage or burned. Rather it should be stored in the home or given to a synagogue
for safe-keeping or buried.
In a ceremony held only by Jews, a Book Burial took place at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center on Monday, May 30. Rabbi David Gaffney, Rabbi Dov Kentof and
Synagogue president, Sol Proctor and members of the congregation as well as
youth groups participated in the event.
45
