On Being A Mentsh
A High Holiday Thought
The most religious statement about the nature of man is found neither in the Bible, Talmud, nor any of the classical Jewish
text. Nor does it come from the mind or pen of outstanding religious thinkers or writers. Indeed, its authorship is anonymous
and probably multiple. It was frequently on the lips of simple untutored men and women. It is part of that wonderful folklore
created in the Yiddish language by Jews of Eastern Europe.
We are talking about being a mentsh; the connotation given in that culture, now tragically destroyed, to the term “human
being”. A mother would express the hope that her son would grow up to be a mentsh. The individual who was slipping and
was spurred and admonished to try to make a mentsh of himself. The highest praise given a person was that he was truly a
mentsh.
One of the most significant convictions of religious beliefs is the high value it places upon man. Man is viewed as being
stamped with the Divine image, the object of God's love and concern. This doctrine is a correlary of religion's conception of
God, and the nature of the universe. It might even be said to possess an importance in the structure of beliefs not far below
that attributed to faith in God.
Hence the apology, or attempted rationalization as is contained is the oft-heard explanation - “After all, I am only human” - is
a denial of religion. Indeed, the single small word “only” is a masterpiece of both heresy and blasphemy. Being “human”
represents a goal and achievement. Being a mentsh means calling upon capacities which are sometimes permitted to lie
fallow. Man is never to be defined exclusively in terms of his present stature and attainments. There is more to him than what
he is at any given moment. Within him are possibilities unrevealed by his current posture; if he wills, he can move upward from
level to level. He never arrives-and this applies to the greatest geniuses-at the full realization of all his powers.
Man need not be a prisoner of his physical nature nor the victim of external pressures and circumstances. There is a
dimension of mentshlichkeit which is not encompassed by a physiological and sociological study of him. To realize this
dimension is man's greatest goal and adventure; to approach its fulfillment, his greatest accomplishment.
The High Holidays may have nothing more important to say to us than, in the time that we have left for us, to learn, to grow
to be a mentsh.
EAST COAST FRUIT CO.
Walter Portnoy - Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
The above thoughts were presented by the Portnoys with the hope that it will nurture some reflection on
our most precious possession - the gift of life.
4
