Solomon Schechter Day School
P.T.A. President, Shirley Bielski The Selevan Computer Room
This past year has been an exciting experience with our dream of a Computer Center finally becoming a reality. The sale of
Magazine subscriptions, co- ordinated by Sharon Witten, enabled us to purchase eight Computer Units as well as educational
software.
We are so proud that our Selevan Computer Center will be available not only for our school, but for the Day Camp as
well as Adult Computer classes.
Our goal for the coming year is to add an Apple Computer which will enable us to incorporate Judaic software in our
teaching.
The P.T.A. is your organization and we encourage all parents to become actively involved in the school and its activities.
JEWISH CENTER RECEIVES FOUR AWARDS
AT THE VIENNIAL CONVENTION
The Biennial Convention of the Southeast Region of the United Synagogue of America was held the weekend of October
29 - November at the Eden Roc Hotel in Miami Beach.
The theme of the convention was “One Generation to Another Praise Your Work.” Scholar-In-Residence for the
weekend was Rabbi Benjamin Z. Kreitman, Executive Vice-President of the United Synagogue of New York.
One hundred thirty-five live-in delegates from six states were in attendance with Sunday’s delegates total increasing to
over 350.
Representing the Jacksonville Jewish Center were Rhoda Goldstein, Marsha Pollock, Rabbi Dov Kentof and Alina
Kentof. Center delegates were involved in all aspects . . . leading the ruach at the Oneg Shabbat the Birchat Hamazon,
session recording and presenting programs in several workshops. A creative Havdalah service was led by the Jacksonville
delegates and Stephanie Gray of the Center U.S.Y.
The highlight of the weekend came when the delegates accepted four Regional Awards on behalf of our congregation.
The categories awarded were: AFTERNOON SCHOOL and HIGH SCHOOL, WORLD OF OUR GRANDPARENTS
and the CENTER YEARBOOK and YOUTH ACTIVITIES. A plaque was presented and is hanging in the Center office.
A major address was presented on Sunday entitled. “The Vanishing Jewish Family.” The presentation explored the
characteristics of the current family trends and emphasized the synagogues role as a support system.
The social event was a “Western Night” which proved to be a great mixer. All in all the weekend was a comprehensive
and stimulating one. In order for our synagogue to survive the leadership must deal with current issues and trends so it can
meet the needs of all its member.
— Rhoda Goldstein and Marsha Pollock
Old Tyme goodness the entire family will enjoy!
MR. PEABODY’S OLD TYME
ICE CREAM SHOPPE
9850-2 SAN JOSE BLVD., IN PICKWICK PLAZA, 268-7999
35
