Jewish Center Sisterhood
OFFICERS 1982-83 j
President ¡
Barbara Safer j
Vice Presidents !
Education ¡
Phyllis Goldberg j
Program \
Marilyn Garber ¡
Ways & Means ¡
Anne DePaul j
Youth !
Carol Schneider ¡ \
Recording Secretary j
Marlene Bossen !
Corresponding Secretary \
Beth Shorstein j Í
Financial Secretary \;
Shirley Bielski ; í
Treasurer If
Janice Glassman ¡|
Social Secretary j Í
Arlene Yegelwel ! ¡
Parliamentarian ¡
Clara Mann !
Florida Branch
Spring Conference
Sisterhood officers and Board
enjoy dinner at the Center with
Fielen Applefield, Fla. Branch
President, Goldie Kweller,
National Consultant, Rabbi Dov
Kent of, Center President Sol
Proctor, Alina Kentof and
daughter, Tali.
Shalom-
At the midpoint of my term as Sisterhood
President, I look back at the many successful
programs and activities during the past year. Our
opening meeting was a rousing Family Feud
between the Schwartzmans and the Klotzmans.
The Annual Art Auction was financially
successful and a delightful evening for all who
attended. The proceeds from the Card Party allow us to purchase
items needed for the many functions of our synagogue and the Donor
Fashion Show helped us meet our ongoing financial committment for
the Sisterhood kitchen through the building fund. The sale of calendars,
silver polish, holiday flowers, new years cards, leagrams, personalized
items and our well-stocked gift shop provided additional financial
support for our programs during the year.
Throughout the year, Sisterhood provided assistance to the youth
and educational programs of the Center for Rosh Hashanah, Sukkot,
Simhat Torah, Hanukkah, Tu B'Shevat, Purim, and Passover
observances.
The highlight of the year was our synagogue's first women's minyan.
Our members conducted and participated in services for Rosh Hodesh
Adar, including the Torah reading and aliyot. Hopefully, this will be a
regular event in the future and allow our women the opportunity to
expand their participation in Jewish rituals.
During the year, Sisterhood adopted a family of Russian refuseniks.
We maintained a letter writing campaign to them so that they would
realize our awareness of their situation and that Jews around the world
must be concerned for each other.
The end of the year featured the Women's League Florida Branch
conference held here in Jacksonville. The conference allowed many of
our members to hear and meet the immediate past national president
Goldie Kweller, who attended as the national consultant. The closing
luncheon honored our Torah Fund contributors who helped us meet
our quota for support of the Seminary Residence Hall/Library.
As we move into the new year, Sisterhood needs your participation
and assistance to maintain the high standards we have set for ourselves
and I think you will personally benefit from your involvement. I hope the
spirit of warmth and enthusiasm which was present at our closing
luncheon will carry over throughout the new year.
A
C
T
I
Y
I
T
I
E
S
31
