National Council of
President ....
Vice President
Corresponding Secretary
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
Recording Secretary ...
EVENING BRANCH
Presidium
Secretary
Treasurer
Carolyn Krestul
.. Dottie Shlafer
Beverly Horowitz
Lois Schlesinger
Mary Zimmerman
Dale Strok
. Laura Osofsky
. Marsha Pollock
. Beth Shorstein
Sue Elinoff
Iris Young
Cissy Anderson
Barbara Black
. Marion Tischler
Adrienne Elefant
Jewish Women
The National Council of Jewish Women is the nation’s oldest Jewish women’s volunteer organization. It was founded by
Hannah Greenbaum Solomon in 1893 and is currenly celebrating its 90th anniversary. Since its birth, NCJW has been
animated by a dedication to serving humanity and advancing the heritage of Judaism.
Today more than 100,000 members organized into over 200 Sections and Branches nationwide, continue a tradition of
community action and advocacy, focusing their attention on the priority areas of aging, children and youth, women’s issues,
Jewish life and Israel.
The Jacksonville Section of the NCJW is currently involved in projects that include an annual MENTAL HEALTH
FORUM, co-sponsored with the Mental Health Association and FJC, Pre-school vision screening, and the Art Enrichment
Program (“Picture Lady”) through which volunteers are trained by the Jacksonville Art Museum to introduce art to students
in both public and private schools. NCJW is also involved locally with providing programming for those “Seniors” that
participate in the Nutrition Program at Mt. Carmel, as well as co-sponsoring an annual SUPER PARENT SEMINAR.
With a grant allocated by the National office, the Jacksonville Section organized the CASA (Court Appointed Special
Advocate) program in our community. This program trains volunteers to act as a “friend of the court” in the best interest of an
abused or neglected child. This project is currently funded by the State of Florida and, in accordance with Florida l&w, is called
the Guardian Ad Litem program.
The annual statewide Tallahassee Institute provides our members with an opportunity to meet with our Legislators during
the Legislative session, to speak on behalf of our priorities, and to have our voices heard through an effective advocacy effort.
The major thrust of NCJW’s activities in Israel has been in EDUCATION AND SOCIAL WELFARE, in a number of
projects to aid in the development of Israel’s most precious resource, its children. The Research Institute for Innovation in
Education is one of NCJW’s programs in Israel; Ship-a-box, another.
NCJW seeks members within the Jewish community of all ages and interests.
An EVENING BRANCH has been organized to provide innovative and meaningful projects and programming for those
women who prefer meeting in the evening.
We invite you to join our celebration of 9 DECADES OF ACHIEVEMENT by becoming a member of the National Council
of Jewish Women.
Mr. & Mrs. Club
Officers
President Ben & Mildred Edwards
Vice President ..: Sam & Sue Friedman
Treasurer Herman & Linda Gross
Rec. Secretary Allan & Floaranne Kerr
Cor. Secretary Sam & Sherely Dobkin
Board Members: Bill & Grace Goldberg, Sidney & Frances Berkowitz, Jack &
Mollie Silverman, Phillip & Polly Copans, Joe & Marie Glick, Larry & Shirley Weiler
(ex-officio) Mike & Gillis Arab Historian
The Mr. & Mrs. Club, a social club in existence for 30 years, an affiliate of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and all other
synagogues of Jacksonville, holds monthly socials on the third Saturday of each month consisting of dancing to a live band,
dinner and entertainment climaxed by a gala New Years affair.
213
