Hadassah
Hadassah, the largest Women’s Zionist Organization in America, is a dynamic movement of 370,000, embracing action and
ideology, Spiritual commitment and practical achievement. The Hadassah organization had its beginning with a dreamer and
doer, Henrietta Szold, who in 1912, with two American trained nurses sailed for Palestine to establish a small welfare station
for maternity care and the treatment of trachoma in the old city of Jerusalem.
Today, the Hadassah motto, the words of the prophet Jeremiah--“Arachat Bat Ami”--“The healing of the daughter of my
people”, have seen the dreams come true when one visits the great medical center built on Mount Scopus and Ein Karem.
Hadassah has made an impact, through the years, on thousands of children, through Youth Aliyah, health an<Teducation,
rehabilitation and vocational training.
To work for the betterment of the people of Israel and the building of the nation of Israel is a basic tent of Hadassah
philosophy. An understanding of Hadassah is to understand two cultural heritages-Zionism and American democracy, from
which the Hadassah idea developed. It is work that gives its membership a deep sense of pride in belonging to an organization
which undertakes and achieves.
We have three groups, which are listed below. We welcome you to join us in our important work. For information call any of
the listed presidents or officers. This being the season of beginning, we wish you and all your family a very happy and healthy
New Year, L’SHONA TOV!
Jacksonville Chapter Board Officers:
President: Bess Rothstein (73T2326)
Vice Presidents:
Membership: lisa Gottlieb
Fund-raising: Rhoda Kagan
Education: Teddy Moscovitz
Program: Lillian Meizlik
Treasurer: Ann Mattes
Recording Secretary: Glorya Weintraub
Corresponding Secretary: Sue Rosenberg
Financial Secretary: Elaine Barnert
TIKVAH GROUP Li,e Membership: PWIis Uwis SHIR-LI BOARD
TIKVAH GROUP
President: Evelyn Moskovitz (733-3568)
Vice Presidents:
Membership: Hannah Rosenberg
Fund-raising: Rhoda Kagan
Education: Grace Goldberg
Program: Rochelle Battock
Treasurer: Marilyn Safer
Recording Secretary: Freda Isenberg
Corresponding Secretary: Dodie Cohen
Financial Secretary: Edna Reich
Parliamentarian: Margaret Fleet
Hannah Sensech Group
President: Floranne Kerr (725-05210
Vice Presidents:
Membership: Renee Middleton-
Eunice Safer
Fund-raising: Adele Levitin
Jean Weinberg
Education: Minna Geller
Program: Martha Sherter
Treasurer: Jay Aronson
Recording Secretary: Esther Zucker
Corresponding Secretary: Mildred Shafner
Financial Secretary: Vivian Kaplan
SHIR-LI GROUP
President: Ronnie Adsit
Vice Presidents:
Membership: Suzanne Swift
Fund-raising: Linda Dacks
Program: Ellen Setzer
Education: Phyllis Goldberg
Barbara Safer
Secretaries:
Recording: Barbara Epstein
Financial: Jo Marks
Corresponding: June Shenkman
ROYAL TRUST BANK
DRIVE-IN TELLERS
MAIN LOBBY
OF JACKSONVILLE
Mon. - Thur.
Mon. - Thur.
7:30a.m. - 4:30p.m.
9a.m. -4:30 p.m.
9225 Baymeadows Road
Fri. 7:30 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.
Fri. 9 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.
Phone 731-4600
Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Sat. 9 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
211
