President Mrs. Mitchell Peltz (Lois)
First Vice-President Mrs. Jack Price (Judy)
Second Vice-President Mrs. Charles Mizrahi (Ginette)
Third Vice-President Mrs. Norman Goldstein (Babs)
General Treasurer Mrs. Meinhard Katz (Dora)
Financial Secretary .... Mrs. Harry Tuckman (Rose)
Recording Secretary .. Mrs. H. T. Freedman (Emily)
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Karl Frisch (Michelle)
The River Garden Auxiliary Inc. formerly the Ladies Hebrew
Sheltering Aid Society is entering its 60th year of “Service With
A Heart”.
The Auxiliary continues in their tradition to assist and help the
River Garden Board to provide a Home for our Senior Citizens,
who are no longer able to live alone, a home where they can find
comfort, security, medical care and enjoyment, spiritual,
physical and emotional stimulation and pride in their own
accomplishments. All this combined gives the feeling and knowledge that “Someone Cares.”
The Auxiliary provides the extra budgetary needs of the Home, such as furnishings, redecorating, office and infirmary
equipment, and Hobby Shop materials. Funds are raised through our Annual Tombola, Donors, Social Printing, Fifth
Commandments Plaque, Dues, and Life Membership.
The residents enjoy the special parties planned and given by the Auxiliary for Chanukah, Purim, Mother’s and Father’s Day.
The Auxiliary sponsors the Red Cross Ladies in-house service and a Volunteer Program, and these ladies extend both their
hands and their hearts in service to our residents.
We welcome all of you to join us in this deeply human involvement.
We wish you and yours Peace, Health, and Happiness for a New Year.
Herman Paul
OFFICERS
President Herman Paul
Treasurer Martin Wolf
Secretary Peter Winterfield
Chairman, Board of Trustees Lewis Meisel
VICE-PRESIDENTS
Chairman,
Admissions Bd Dr. Michael M. Greenburg
Co-Chairman, Admission Bd. Brent Turbow
Mrs. Abe Horovitz
House Committee Jack Price
Public Relations Mrs. Nathan B. Gold
Chairman, Medical Bd. Dr. Harry Yoffee
Co-Chairman, Med. Bd. Dr. Melvin Newman
ENDOWMENT BOARD
Chairman Norman Hofheimer
The River Garden Home, situated on the banks of the St. Johns River surrounded
by beautiful gardens, is a vital integral part of the Jacksonville Jewish community.
There are few communities fortunate enough to have a geriatric care and
rehabilitation center that has the capacity and resources to provide 100% of the needs
of the local Jewish population. River Garden, therefore, is grateful for the involvement
and continued financial support of the community which enables it to offer all
residents a consistently high level of care regardless of their personal finances.
The staff of River Garden is called upon to deal with some of the most profoundly
difficult human care problems twenty-four hours a day, 365 days a year. Human
problems have no simple solutions, no perfect answers. River Garden is in the
forefront of developing decent human responses to these problems. In doing so, it has been singled out by the major government
and voluntary accrediting agencies as a model care facility.
Through individualized plans of care, the Home tries to strike a living balance between institutional requirements and
individual needs, in a residential setting supportive of Jewish identity. River Garden encourages residents to learn and develop
new interests and relationships by stressing the “wellness” of the individual. This positive accent on living, with a variety of social,
cultural and recreational programs helps create the special climate and tone of River Garden.
On behalf of the residents, staff, volunteers and the Board of Trustees of River Garden, we wish the entire community a New
Year of health and joy.
L ’SHONO TOVAH
River Garden Auxilliary
205
