Confirmation Class
CONFIRMANOS:
Judith Abramson, Haim
Becker, Todd Berman,
Beth Deutsch, Katie
Freedman, Jill Goldstein,
Sabrina Katz, Samuel
Kersun, Wendy Kesler,
Irene Mann, Alan Mibab,
Barbara Rothschild, Holly
Sandler, Scott Selmanoff.
Torah Readers
“Klee Hemdah-A Precious Instrument”
The Torah is an endless source of delight, as indicated by the name of this report. It can never grow old. Every time we
study it new meanings are derived, new insights are acquired. It is no wonder that Judaism accords it its highest respect,
a synagogue is distinguished by its Ark for the Torah.
Each year new projects are planned for Torah Readers, to enlarge the number of participants and their adeptness. An
adult-study class was conducted by Larry Bernard. A group of adult readers was developed who showed their
accomplishments for the Sidra of Tzav on March 26. They included: Dr. Larry Goldberg, Norman Moss and Jack
Silverman.
The latest project is an attempt to devise a consistent pattern of study on a daily basis that will assure maximum
fluency and acquaintanceship. This pattern is named HAHAMAH, the numerical equivalent of all the verses in the
Torah. An outline form of every chapter and verse is given to each participant. He is asked to record the date each verse
is studied, one per day. A number of outstanding students have accepted this difficult task. One of these forms is posted
on the main hallway bulletin board. We hope that this new project will bring us closer to fulfillment of the goal of Isaiah,
Chapter 42: “To render the Torah great and glorious”.
Each year we are happy to add a new group of post-Bar Mitzvah Torah Readers. For 1982-83 they are: Simeon
Abramson, Richie Davis, David Goldfield, Michael Gordon, Ross Jeneff, Dennis Mizrahi, Ricky Plotkin,
Steven Shapiro.
Mickey Ehrlich
Vice President
Thomson McKinnon Securities, Inc.
Wishes You A Happy New Year
SENSIBLE INVESTING REQUIRES TIME AND A PROGRAM, TOO.
THAT’S WHERE WE COME IN.
WE’VE GOT BOTH, LET’S GET TOGETHER!
Dial Direct 358-2105
TOLL FREE NUMBER
Barnett Bank Bldg. Suite 710 Tallahassee, Florida 32301
105
