Scoutmaster
Assistant Scoutmasters
Troop Committee Chairman
District Commissioner
BOY SCOUT TROOP 14
Randy Silverberg
,... Bill Wilensky
and Steve Davis
¡ Steve Ghelerter
Clara Mann
First Row: Doug Davis, Marty Gottlieb, Jeff Ghelerter,
Robbie Moore, Leon Jackler, Second Row: Steve Davis,
Bill Wilensky, Wesley Sheffield, Randall Silverberg,
Steve Ghelerter, Not Shown: Derek Blackshire, Jacob
Sail, Sean Usoff, Michael Weitzen.
Throughout the past year, the boys of Troop 14 have been busy “blazing trails.” In October, the Troop visited the University
of Florida campus for homecoming weekend. The Troop 14 contingent lodged at the Hillel Foundation where members
participated in Shabbat services. Several scouts accepted invitations to read the Torah portion from the Holy Scrolls. The
boys attended Gator Growl featuring comedian Robin Williams and an outstanding fireworks display. The next day Scouts
watched the Florida team romp its homecoming opponent. Exploration of the school campus included a trip to Fraternity
Row.
The Troop camped for the weekend in 28 degree weather at Camp Echockotee in December. The hardy scouts learned
many scouting skills including firestarting, axemanship, and knots not to mention the fine art of preparing beef stew.
Fernandina's Fort Clinch State Park provided the arena for another outdoor weekend. The Troop roughed it in the densely
wooded, secluded camping area near the roaring surf of the Atlantic. The campout included a tour of the Civil War era Fort
Clinch, a midnight snipe hunt and a fog shrouded cross-country hike to the longest fishing pier on the Florida East Coast.
Fort Wilderness at Disney World played host for a weekend to Troop 14 during which the boys enjoyed the less tranquil
frontier of the futuristic EPCOT Center.
Among the numerous other events the scouts enjoyed this past year are: a 5-mile hike to the Museum of Arts and Sciences
by way of the scenic River Road area punctuated by lunch at Worman's Deli; weekend camping at the nationally acclaimed
Scout World; and a benefit basketball game featuring stars from the Miami Dolphins. The weekly meeting agenda included
scouting skills, games, sports and public speakers of interest.
Troop 14 welcomed eight new ardent members this year, Leon Jackler, Doug Davis, Michael Weitzen, Marty Gotlieb,
Derrick Blackshire and Wes Sheffield. Four troop members including Patrol Leader Jeff Ghelerter, Sean Usoff, Doug Davis
and Leon Jackler experienced a week of intensive scouting and fun at Baden Powell Scout Reservation near Melrose for
summer camp.
Boy Scout Troop 14 can be truly proud of its activities and welcomes boys of 11 years and over to join its ranks.
Camp Site at Ole Timers' Campout
Channel 4 News Covers Campout
Troop 14's First Annual Ole Timers' Campout and Reunion celebrating its 64th Anniversary at Boy Scout Camp
Echockotee was an overwhelming success. Seventy guests and alumni “relived the best of the good ole days.” The event took
place June 3-5, 1983, and was augmented with commemorative T-shirts and reunion booklets with pictures tracing the history
of the Troop since its founding in 1919 by Rabbi S. Stein. The nostalgic weekend gained community-wide significance when the
event was featured on the nightly news by two local television stations.
195
