Rabbi's Message
Our Prayers For Life
Many centuries ago, the Jew recognized the truth that “Man does not
live by bread alone” and that the good of life resides within, rather than
outside of man. Our prayers for life on these Yamim nora-im, the High
Holidays are a petition for more than the raw material of vitality or length
of days. Methuselah lived, the Bible tells us, for nine hundred thirty years,
and yet his presence is hardly noted other than for a few brief verses in
the text. Moses lived, relatively speaking, for a briefer period of time, and
yet his virtue and deeds are generously extolled. The issue of life is not in
its length, but in its content.
The Jew's attitude to life enabled him to outlive his oppressors and to
nullify all the instruments of persecution marshalled against him. The
history of Israel is a dramatization of the power of the human
determination and will over external circumstance.
The Jew survived because, paradoxically, survival was not his chief goal. He fought not merely against
disappearance and death, but for life; life allied to purpose. The words of the psalmist are significant.. .“I
shall not die, but live. . .to declare the works of the Lord”. Israel did not seek to make its history a
monument to endurance. It wished, rather, to turn it into an altar to God. The Jew survived because he
strove to live significantly.
How has the Jew defined significant living? What makes it meaningful and vital? The history of the Jew
is itself an ethical document which suggests the answers given over the centuries.
“To live means to learn.” Torah was indispensable to survival. Living in a world of shrines, altars,
temples, and courts, the Jew could state: “Torah is greater than priesthood or royalty”. Outer pressures,
the bitter struggle for existence, were not permitted to divert the Jew from study. One of the luminous
memories of my childhood, is the throng of merchants, peddlers, and small storekeepers who, at the end
of an exhausting day, assembled for study in the synagogue.
During eras of darkness, when a cultural blackout prevailed, the Biblical phrase could justly be applied
to the Jew, “But all the children of Israel had light in their dwellings”. Study was not an instrument of
survival or preparation of life.. .study was life. The Jew learned not as a luxury but as a necessity. And,
when Jerusalem was destroyed and the Jewish people lost its independence, Israel survived by building a
modest center of study at Yavneh. This quest for knowledge, this restless urge to learn is still with us as
an unspent force of the past. To live as a Jew meant to learn.
To live meant to feel. . .to respond with tenderness and compassion to our fellow men. The
Jew has understood that we come more fully to life as our outgoing sympathy links us with others. The
Dead Sea supports no life, for it has no outlet. Thus it is with man. A confined, self-enclosed spirit shrivels
and inevitably dies. The Jew, despite the harshness and cruelty meted out to him, never answered with
bitterness and vindictiveness. Instead, himself the victim of force, the Jew exalted gentleness and loved
mercy. The heroes whom he glorified were men of learning and kindness. Rabbi Akiva, the greatest of
post-biblical figures, found the central doctrine of Jewish teaching in the simple phrase, “Love thy
neighbor as thyself”. The marks of a Jew, our tradition teaches, are compassion, modesty, and kind
deeds. To Bve meant to feel and to care.
“To live meant to believe.”The Jew always had an inquiring and challenging mind and did not fear to
submit universally accepted and inherited ideas to analysis. One thinks of the prophets rebelling against
practices consecrated by usage, and of Job and Koheleth challenging the conventional views of their
(Continued on Page 19)
15
