Girl Scout Troop #162
Leader: Clara Mann
Jewel Ann Achord, Sarah Andriesse, Judith Jacobson,
Christine Hester, Kimberly Kirkland, Melissa Myers, Sundi
Simpson, Jennie Schwab, Cheryl Stone.
For many years, the Center Sisterhood has actively sponsored the Brownie and Girl Scout Troops of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Scouting is a very important phase of the youth program in the Center. It helps develop character, usefulness at
home, appreciation of nature and the out-of-doors, creation of objects of beauty and usefulness from simple things, and it
helps these young people to find their places in the synagogue and community through service.
Under the able guidance of Mrs. Clara Mann, the entire Brownie and Girl Scout program provides all of these opportunities
for our young women of tomorrow. For further information please call Mrs. Mann.
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Committee: Robin Robbins, Jeff
Flaschen, Lorraine Jenkins, Lanny Zimmerman,
Carole Goldberg, David Steinfeld, Debbie
Gottleib.
Cub Scouting is an introduction to Boy Scouts and plays an
outstanding role for boys between the ages of 8 and 10. The
boys advance from Wolf to Bear and then to Webelos. In this
day and age when there are so many temptations, our boys
find themselves interested in completing their achievements
toward a higher rank, and participating in the monthly pack
meeting. There, they put on skits and show off their crafts.
During the year, they share in many new and different
experiences - Annual Pinewood, Scout Sabbath, the Blue and
Gold Banquet, skating party, magic show, and a campout.
The Center is very indebted to Mr. Lanny Zimmerman for all
of his dedication to the Cub Scout program, and we know
that he will be needing your support for the coming year. If
you can be of some help, please contact the Recreation Office
at the Center.
Den 1. Den Mothers:
Sharon Waring & Sherry
Fages.
Jeff Fages, Jason Waring,
John King, Alex Greenbaum,
Eric Pietschker
Den 2. Den Mothers: Lauren
Rothstein & Carol Schneider
Aaron Gottleib, Seth Rothstein,
Jay Weinstein, Michael
Schneider, David Goldberg,
Shane Steinfeld.
Den 3 Webelos. Leaders:
Lou Arab and Ron Jenkins
Daniel Jaffa, Ben Arab|
Michael Flaschen, Kyle
Jenkins
Den 4. Den Mother: Cheryl
Berry
Keith Young, David Mass,
Bobby Clayman, Teddy
Clayman
193
