Mount Carmel Gardens
Top row, left to right:
Abe Sugarman, Treasurer
Mildred Shafner Recording Secretary
Bottom Row, left to right:
Dorothy Levine 1st Vice President
Pauline Schemer .. Corresponding Secretary
Eugene Henry President
Eunice Safer 2nd Vice President
The improvements in our building during the past year have included, a new roof, which had been in the planning for some
time. The offices on our ground floor, vacated by the Jewish Federation, have been remodeled and renovated, and now,
besides the new offices for our Administrator and Co-Administrator, we have a clinic, a ceramic room, a card room, a library,
offices for the Nutrition Center, more space for our maintenance equipment, and of course a newly painted auditorium, with
ceiling fans, a beautiful mural wall, and a shiny floor. A place for everything, and everything in its place.
The most recent in safety devices is an inter com, installed on each floor, with push button connection to the desk, where
the individual can talk directly to the person on duty and tell them of any emergency that may have arisen. These, together
with the fire and smoke alarm, the daily door check, someone at the desk twenty-four hours a day, and the “panic” buttons in
each apartment, assures us of maximum protection at all times.
Another big incentive that draws new tenants to move here with us is, of course, the Kosher Nutrition Site, where all who
wish are served a salt-free, sugar-free lunch, five days a week. Meeting here on a regular basis is Mount Carmel Chapter of the
AARP #350; the Hannah Senesch group of Hadassah; Upjohns’ Clinic once a month; and podiatrist Steven Merritt twice a
month. Also, the Mount Carmel Newsletter is distributed free once a month.
We have Bingo, monthly birthday parties, frequent dances with live music, Christmas-Chanukah parties, an elaborate New
Years Eve party, and frequent visits to Theater Jacksonville, the Alhambra Dinner Theater, all activities sponsored by the
Mayor and others for Senior Citizens, and many ballets and music shows that come to Jacksonville.
The Mount Carmel Entertainers are recognized citywide for their outstanding showmanship, and have received many
awards for their volunteer performances. This group can be booked by calling Mary Foor, at 737-2238, and they will perform
for any club, organization or convalescent home.
Mount Carmel has become well known in our community as a 17-story high-rise, where Senior citizens live in comfort,
convenience and security. All 208 apartments of friendly people are involved in social, volunteer and educational projects, that
keep them active, with no time for boredom. We have a “bakers’ dozen” school aid volunteers, who have received television
and newspaper coverage - with our Frances Beerman being named Senior Citizen of the Year.
We are sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, and are, all-in-all, the “In Place” for both non-Jews and Jewish
Senior Citizens.
SCULPTURED
NAILS
GOLD NAILS STARTING AT $56.00
Nails by Jomara
CALL CINDI FOR APPOINTMENT
262-1027
4426 Coleman Road - Jax, Fla. 32223
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
$19.00-
•Compare at $45.00 and ap.
•As Real as yeur own.
•NaPeOsh-Needed.
301 Third St.
Neptune Beach, Fla.
CEAN STATE BANK
1510 Penman Road
Third St. & 15th Ave.
Jacksonville Beach, Fla.
Member F.D.I.C.
207
