Progressive
The Progressive Credit Union announced its assets
have increased to over a half million dollars. A dividend of
10% was declared in 1982 on share balances. This
represents a milestone in progress for the cooperative
movement organized in 1940 to provide financial services
to deserving persons of the Jewish faith.
The Credit Union offers many diversified services at
very low rates. Current automobile loans are at about 11%
annual percentage rate and signature loans are about 12%
annual percentage rate. This year the Credit Union
announced a new program to encourage small loans $300 -
$500 for individual needs at a small nominal charge.
Particulars are available from the Credit Union office.
Board of Directors
Credit Union
Moe B. Safer ....
Edwin Presser ...
Jordan Ansbacher
Harlan D. Helming
Joseph Cohen ...
Jean I. Benjamin .
W. Z. Goldberg ..
D. D. Gradman ..
Stanley B. Gelman
Richard B. Miller .
Ann Rubenstein ..
Wallace Rubenstein
Minnie Schreiber .
Board Chairman
President
... Vice President
Secretary
Treasurer
.. Board Member
.. Board Member
.. Board Member
Associate Member
Associate Member
Associate Member
Associate Member
Associate Member
*Mac Presser ..
Eugene Henry .
Irwin Gendzier .
Herman Gelman
Milton Hecht ..
*Deceased
Credit Committee
Chairman Emeritus
Member Emeritus
- Chairman
Member
Member
Supervisory Committee
Herman Paul Chairman
Robert L. Jacobs Member
Steven E. Meisel Member
The Progressive Credit Union office is located at Suite 407,
St. James Building or phone 354-4770.
Jewish War Veterans
Lt. Meyer Leibovitz Post No. 199
Commander Arnold Andriesse
Quartermaster Marty Caplan
Adjutant Marcus Grebler
Chaplain John Perin
The Hebrew Union Veterans (now Jewish War Veterans) was founded as a direct result of slander and insinuation that
Jews had not participatd in the military during the Civil War. By 1860, however, Jews had become an accepted part of the U.
S. Military.
Jewish War Veterans maintains a strong united front in Congress, making its voice heard on subjects such as foreign policy,
civil rights, defense spending, veterans benefits, housing and education.
Through development of national positions on these issues, J.W.V. helps to insure an effective democracy and the
protection of our rights as Jews, Americans, and veterans. Hospital programs, veterans and dependents rehabilitation,
scouting, summer camp scholarships, community activities - J.W.V. involvement means a better life for everyone.
Every year J.W.V. Post 199 participates in the Memorial Day ceremonies. This year, Memorial Day ceremonies took place
at 3 p.m. on Sunday, May 29th at Evergreen Cemetery. Colors of all veterans groups were presented and a wreath was laid.
As one local project this past year, we collected thousands of magazines and distributed them to the hospitals in this area,
with our name, Jewish War Veterans, on each magazine.
Membership in J.W.V. is open to all honorably discharged members of the armed forces of the U.S. including those who
have served for a period of 90 days or more.
For information, contact:
Marty Caplan
3114 Honeywood Dr., Jax. 32211
744-2607
243
