Sisterhood Adopts Russian Family
Both design engineers, Michail Kalendarev was born in 1918 and his wife Evgenia Evseevna was born in 1923. They have two
children: Boris (B1957) and Mila Zisman who now lives in Israel.
The Kalendarevs first applied for visas in Nov. 1973. Their request was denied on grounds that Evgenia had access to
classified material. The family was told they would have to wait ten years for their permit. Evgenia was just a package designer
and had no knowledge of radio electronics. Michail was demoted and made to change his place of work. Both were out of
work for a long time.
Boris became the target of extreme harrassment. In 1976, he was expelled from the Poly Technical Institute in Leningrad
because his sister emigrated to Israel. They also banned him from the obligatory course in Military Training. Later Boris was
dismissed from the University of Leningrad and his flat was ransacked. In 1979, he was arrested for evading conscription. His
parents were refused permission to see their son until after the trial. Boris was sentenced to two years hard labor.
Please write:
USSR
RSFSR
Leningrad 196070
Basseinaya 12/81
Kalendarev, Michail
Women's American Ort
Women's American Ort
President Bonnie Hardy
Vice Presidents Wendy Efron
Patricia Green
Clara Mann
Allyson Newman
Financial Secretary Bonnie Sandler
Recording Secretary Gail Kruger
Treasurer Doris Levine
Parliamentarian Sandy Miller
Chapter
Meeting Time
President
Afternoon
2nd Monday
Anne dePaul
Gertrude Kramer
Beauclerc
No Committee
Bold City
1st Friday a.m.
Pending Nomination
Evening
3rd Tuesday p.m.
Kathy Osterer
Debbie Schlackman
Riverfront
2nd Tuesday p.m.
Lee Hoppen
Iris Spitzer
Seaside
3rd Thursday p.m.
Robbie Knieberg
Dear Friends,
Women's American Ort is the Organization for Rehabilitation through Training. Ort is the vocational and technical
education of the Jewish people. For 102 years, since Ort's inception in Russia, we have been striving to give Man and Woman
a greater opportunity in life - given a trade and skill, an individual can maintain dignity and pride.
Woman's American Ort is the most complex and one of the fastest growing Jewish Women's organizations in the United
States. We are an activist group, not only taking stands, but positively working to upgrade the quality of life for ourselves, our
families, and our communities. We are women who are aware of the changes that are occuring within our society and are
concerned by the resurgence of global anti-semitism and other anti-democratic forces which threaten Jewish life, Israel's
survival, as well as pluralism, tolerance and freedom for all people, especially Soviet Jewry, and support for Israel and
American Jews.
Our involvement goes beyond career and vocational education. We are concerned about public education and strive
towards an up-grading of the level of education within the schools in the United States. We also have our first school (highly
acclaimed) in New York and a second, now being built in Los Angeles. Ort plays a major role in the new Jewish High School in
North Miami where Ort's expertise helps create the total curriculum, and runs the science and technological tracts.
Presently, we have 800 installations of various types of schools in 24 countries on 5 continents with two million student
graduates in our 102 year history. We are recognized as the finest vocational educators in the world, and the government
acknowledges our expertise by the presence of Ort members on educational governmental boards on the very echelon of
government.
Our chapters are as pluralistic as our country. Their diversity creates the right place for you, and you create the chapters.
Our 550 members in Jacksonville and the 140,000 in the United States, help give you strength to make your voice heard on all
issues that affect us today, and our children tomorrow.
Won't you make Women's American Ort stronger? Now, more than ever, we need the support of every woman who cares
about the present and the future. The children who we train today, are the working force of tomorrow.
247
