Message from the
Administrative Director
As Administrative Director, I am involved in all phases of
Synagogue activities. , If ,i$ a privilege to serve a
congregation that continues to grow. I am always available
to assist an individual member or an organization with
plans and arrangements for the use of our very functional
facilities.
Our beautiful Setzer Hall and garden cannot be equalled
for its magnificence when used for dinners or receptions
for weddings, Bar/Bat Mitzvah, and organizational affairs.
The Fletcher Selber Auditorium serves as a lunch room for the Day School, a theater for stage productions and films, a
perfect area for dances and athletic events, and is open for men's Drop-In Basketball each Tuesday night.
We are proud that, through the generosity of our Board of Directors, we can offer Jewish service organizations the use of
our facilities for meetings at no charge, when scheduling permits.
The Center Catering staff has earned a reputation for excellence, and is qualified to serve your needs, from soup and
sandwich to a seven course dinner.
If you are a new member or a member of long standing, drop in. I will be happy to meet with you and acquaint you with our
dynamic programs and super facilities.
My husband, Louis, joins me in a sincere wish for a good year to the entire congregation.
Blanche Slott
Rabbi's Message (Continued from Page 15)
The skepticism of Israel, however, did not end with negation. The Jew believed that justice and right
were rooted in the nature of the universe and were not an excursion into fantasy. He believed that man
was clothed with cosmic dignity and as a child of God enjoyed irrevocable rights. Therefore, the Jew
never accepted the misfortune of the day as final, nor did he make the mood of the moment a permanent
philosophy. Because the Jew believed, he never descended as a people into the abyss of despair. He was
able to resist the temptations to defeatism and pessimism.
It was an upsurge of this classic Jewish faith that lead Jews in the Warsaw ghetto to sing in their
darkest hour, “Say not that this is the end of the road”. A familiar phrase was turned by these martyred
heroes into a triumphant hymn, as they sang unto death, “Ani maamin, ani maamin”, “I believe, I
believe”. There are questions that baffle the mind. There are sorrows that pierce the heart. There are
mysteries that challenge the most intelligent spirits. The Jew however believed, and in believing he
continued to live.
Perhaps, this should be the thrust of our prayers for the New Year. Our prayers for life will be
answered if we choose to make it so. Let us pray that we continue to learn, to feel and to care, and to
believe. . .so that we may live.
Inge and I, and the members of our family wish you and yours a year of health, happiness, purpose,
blessing, and peace. Amen.
Rabbi David Gaffney
19
