“Our extraordinary Ark is a sculpture depicting the biblical story of Jacob's Ladder. . .it suggests that through prayer, the
Jew, as Jacob, rises heavenward. Through Torah, an expression of His love for His people, God descends to earth. The
Torah, the source of the teaching and guidance of Jewish history and tradition, is the means by which God makes His place
among us.” Rabbi David Gaffney
The following is a translation of the verses which appear on the Ark sculpture and Aron Kodesh.
run
A” T I yv T i T *.
1. Acknowledge Him in all thy ways. Proverbs 3:6
: njr—rnin Kan trap **§
2. For the Torah shall go out of Zion, and the word
of the Lord from Jerusalem. Isaiah 2:3
:V9W\
3. We will do and we will obey. Exodus 24:7
WÉÍ bW 00
* 'it t : : “
4. Seek the peace of Jerusalem. Psalms 122:6
http m m
5. Justice, Justice shall you pursue. Deuteronomy
16:20
jKS on^3
6. You shall be holy unto Me, for I am holy. Leviticus
20:26
:DDin5 tf3fpp §jf
7. They shall make a sanctuary for Me and I will dwell
among them. Exodus 25:8
níOKi, rn
8. This is my God and I will glorify Him, my father's
God and I will exalt Him. Exodus 15:2
mow ^na rrnw
• ; ■ - t: v t i - - • - i - t • ?
9. I sing to the Lord with my life; 1 make melody to
my Lord with my being. Psalms 104:33
10. Halleluyah! Praise the Lord.
yjpttrm linn Trbo nptzp (on Parokhet)
11. The soul of every living being shall bless Thy
name.
12. Symbols of the Tribes of Israel
Our beautiful Ark and surrounding, contemporary, majestic sculpture was designed by Israeli artist, AMI SHAMIR. Under
his capable direction, the ark was erected in time for the High Holidays, 5743.
The magnificence of the ark has added an awe-inspiring and elegant quality to our sanctuary. It is now indeed a perfect place
where we can dedicate ourselves to the ideals of Judaism. . .a place where we can sanctify life's significant occasions and
above all, a beautiful setting in which to pray.
A special thank you to members of the Interior Design Committee, especially its chairman, Philip Selber, whose tenacity
and hard work assured its completion.
CREDITS: Sketch of Ark—Blanche Slott; Translation and sources of verses—Rabbi David Gaffney, Ted Gross and Joel
Bressler.
11
