Adult Study 5743
“OUR GOAL IS TO PUT JUDAISM INTO THE LIVES OF OUR
MEMBERS, AND LIFE INTO THEIR JUDAISM”
Every culture has its passion, its fixation, its reason for being. Every
civilization has some element that evokes its zeal, its ultimate loyalty, its
greatest sacrifice.
We Jews have such a passion, it is called Talmud Torah-the study of
Torah...Jewish education. Ingrained, almost hereditary, it was the focal
point of concern of the youngest child in the Heder to the eldest
patriarch studying Bible and Talmud. The Jewish community
encouraged adults to study. Education was not only for children nor was
it merely an instrument for pursuing a career. Education was the means
by which character was fashioned, the character of the individual, of the
Jew and the community.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other members of the
Jewish community participated in a comprehensive Adult Education
program. Some of the courses offered were: Beginners and Intermediate
Hebrew, Haftorah and Torah Skills, Sisterhood Bar and Bat Mitzvah 10,
Bible Study with Commentary, Synagogue Skills, History of the Jewish
Experience, Israeli Folk Dancing.
THE
ff ADULT
^w8/// STUDY
INSTITUTE
Innovative Adult Study
THE JOY OF SIMHAS-A series of three in-depth
analysises of Jewish festivals was held. The classes and
workshops featured discussions on the history and
observance of Hanukkah, Purim, and Passover.
Knowledgeable resource people were invited to lead each
series.
The charming and witty Dr. Theodore Gaster, well-known author
and one of the translators of the Dead Sea Scrolls, discusses
“Purim - the Gansa Megillah”
ONCE IN A NEW MOON-This new adult study format
was designed for those interested students who work in
the downtown area. Each session took place once a month
(usually on a Wednesday closest to Rosh Hodesh) at
Baptist Hospital.
Rabbi David Gaffney led this very popular lunch and
learn program in which a variety of Jewish topics were
discussed.
SCHOLAR-IN-RESIDENCE-A total study weekend was
held on December 3-5 with the guest scholar-in-residence,
Rabbi Samuel Dresner. The weekend included Shabbat
Dinner, Service, Kiddush and a comprehensive weekend
of lecture and study with the well-known author.
Sisterhood Bar and Bat Mitzvah Class
Pat's Catering of Deerwood
Catering for all Occasions
9904 Baymeadows Road * Phone 641-4445
47
