Havurot
The Havurah Movement was born out of the need of the American Jew to express his Jewish identity in a more personal
fashion than the institution of the modern synagogue could provide. Roughly translated, Havurah means fellowship, but, in its
truest sense, it means much more. It is a group of people with a common interest, who are committed to sharing and
expanding that interest together in a very personal way. The comaraderie and deep personal feeling which develops between
members can be one of life's most rewarding experiences.
Ananchnu-Mispacha
Havurah Ha-Rishionim
During the fall of 1983, an exciting Jewish Happening
occurred. Our Havurah had an organizational meeting
and our “Group of Friends” was launched. Since then,
we have met every month and have discussed topics
ranging from “An Endocrinologists View of the Bible”,
to Jewish Art, to the Holocaust. In addition to learning
together, we “schmooze” together and of course, we
always eat at least a little nosh together.
All of us are feeling super about the social,
intellectual, and spiritual stimulation our Havurah
provides. We are looking forward to continued personal
and group growth as a result of it.
The members of the Havurah are Ellen and Dr. Neil
Abramson, Marlene and Robert Bossen, Linda and
Joel Bressler, Ellen and Norman Freedman, Dr. Joseph
and Wendy Honigman, liana and Jack Manasse,
Sandy Shapiro, Ina and Alan Taffet, Dot and Harry
Verstandig.
This is a group consisting of ten couples who have
been meeting once a month over the past nine years.
These get-togethers that have been held in the homes of
those participating have proven to be a combination of
comaraderie and stimulating discussions. Topics such
as the Israeli conflict with her mid-east neighbors and
other pertinent Jewish problems are aired. On occasion
a passage in the Talmud is analyzed under the capable
guidance of Ted Gross.
Sidney & Frances Berkowitz, Leon & Shirley Schinasi,
Nathan & Ann Freidlin (not pictured), Bill & Grace
Goldberg, Ted & Eunice Gross, Dr. & Mrs. Nathan
Schneider, Nathan & Anne Shmunes, Jack & Mollie
Silverman, Ben & Eve Waldman, Samuel & Helen
Leibowitz.
Young Family Havurah
We first gathered three years ago, at Rabbi Gaffney's suggestion, to learn about Havurot. Those of us who were intrigued by
the idea made a tentative commitment to meet again. To be sure we were a group of young couples with young or expectant
families, but we were also a very diverse group personally, professionally, and in the depth of our religious commitment. We
have celebrated Hanukkah, built sukkot and enjoyed the warmth of a Shabbat weekend together. We have discussed current
events, anti-Semitism, feminism and Pirke Avot — Ethics of the Fathers — together. Best of all we have shared simchas: baby
naming, brith milah, a newly koshered kitchen, together. Our Havurah experience has added depth and texture to our lives.
Dr. Bruce and Cathy Yergin, Dr. Larry and Phyllis Goldberg, Eliot and Barbara Safer, Jack and Donna Bettman, Harry and Joni
Shmunes, Dr. Marco and Robin Rand, Larry and Carla Bernard, Jeffrey and Robin Morris, Bob and Etta Drashin, Dr. Alan and Jo Ellen
Marks.
41
