Rabbis Message
The Cover Design
To the worshippers in our Synagogue the design of this
years cover for the Year Book must be familiar. It is the
Hanukah panel from the eight Festival carvings on the
Holy Ark of our Synagogue.
The elements in this carving were described briefly in
previous Year Books and in this edition among the notes
on the Calendar. The central motif is the well known Hanu¬
kah Menorah with its eight candles. Flanking the Menorah
and in shallower relief are a shield with the letter mem to
represent the Maccabee warriors and a cruse of oil that
figured in the miracle story how the sacred light was kept
going in the dededicated sanctuary. Hebrew lettering carved
at the top and at bottom spell out the initial words of the
Hanukah hymn, Ma’oz zur Yeshir’ati, "Rock of Ages, my
Salvation/'
Why Hanukah?
Cover design for the Year Book taken from the em¬
bellishments of our Holy Ark was initiated last year. Any
one of the eight carvings might have been appropriate for
the present edition. Why the Hanukah theme was selected
calls for explanation.
To be sure, Hanukah has become a very prominent ob¬
servance by American Jews. We need not stop to comment
on the factors and mode of life that gave this Festival unique
emphasis. More relevant is to recall the essential meaning
of the occasion. It is this meaning that prompted the use
of Hanukah symbolism on the cover of this Year Book.
Hanukah represents the victory of a small army fighting
for the religious freedom of a small people against the might
and tyranny of an empire. For the first time in history
freedom of worship won out and did so against overwhelm¬
ing odds. At the present stage in human history it is hardly
necessary to elaborate on the significance of freedom, religious
freedom in particular, in the growth of the spirit; that moral
strength stems from generous emotions towards fellow hu¬
man beings.
Religion in a Democracy
During the past year, the space of time chronicled by this
Year Book, our Congregation the Jacksonville Jewish Cen¬
ter was the target of violence. Our building sustained slight
DR. SANDERS A. TOFIELD
damage in a series of similar unscrupulous efforts in this
area of the country to cause confusion and to cast onus on
a small religious community. Almost in answer to this luna¬
tic action was the groundbreaking for an addition to our
buildings that took place a week later but planned previously.
Hanukah has taught us over the centuries not to be
terrorized. Freedom of worship symbolized by the small
candles of the Menorah is a blessing it brought to the entire
world. Jewish citizens are not unaware or untouched by the
perplexing social and political problem of our region. The
words of the Prophet recalled in the lesson of Hanukah "Not
by power, nor by might, but by my spirit,” we advance as a
guide to our immediate concern.
In more contemporary language this position was ex¬
pressed by George Santayana, "Nothing will repay a man
for becoming human . . . neither prosperity nor empire nor
Heaven can be worth winning at the price of a virulent
temper, bloody hands, an anguished spirit, and a vain hatred
of the rest of the world.”
Fortunately this is a lesson appreciated by the vast
majority of democracy-loving Americans. Reaction to the
attack on our Synagogue is ample evidence. With all other
God-fearing, humanity-loving Americans we shall continue
to uphold the religious principle that human problems can
be solved only by application of spiritual insight and the
desire to live by the word and will of God.
We emblazon the Hanukah symbol on the cover of this
book to bespeak our historic faith and conviction in the
historic episode for which we were singled out this past
year. Hopeful, prayerful and confident are we that the com¬
ing year shall witness brighter existence for us and our fellow
citizens. May the light of the Menorah shine upon a most
Joyous, Happy, Prosperous and Blessed New Year.
► Rabbi David C. Kogen, Director of Program for the United Syna¬
gogue of America and at the time Acting Executive Secretary of the
Rabbinical Assembly of America, at the annual Convention of the
latter organization.
At the 1958 Annual Convention of the Rabbinical Assembly Dr.
Tofield was elected Corresponding Secretary of the national body. He
is also Chairman of the Southeast Region.
13
