President's Message
It is now eight months Since I became your
President. These have been truly exciting months for
me. They began with the annual Membership Meet¬
ing of the Congregation and continued with our In¬
stallation Banquet, the launching of our drive for
funds to finally complete the building program, the
groundbreaking ceremonies for tKé new School
Building. There were my personal “Simhas” |§§the
Bas Mitzvah of my daughter Gail, and the Con¬
firmation of my daughter Ellen. There were the
celebrations with good friends of weddings, Bar
Mitzvahs and Bas Mitzvahs. All of this in addition
to the many religious observances which regularly
take place in our Synagogue.
It is most revealing to stop and think about how
such a tremendous part of our lives is connected
with the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I am certain all
of our members, if they would take the time to re¬
view their experiences in their own minds, would
find the same close connection with the Center.
Very few of us who are presently members of
the Center were here when the congregation was
organized-back at the turn of the century. However,
we can be sure that there was a group of men who
felt the need and the desire to found a synagogue
for their mutual benefit. They wanted a place to
worship, a place to give their children Hebrew
education and religious training, a place to observe
the many Simhas and solemn occasions in their lives
which are so closely tied to religious ritual. So they
organized a synagogue and each contributed what
they could to maintain it — some gave administra¬
tive ability, some gave financial assistance, all gave
time and effort, j
The Jacksonville Jewish Center today undoubt¬
edly has grown far beyond the iJream’ of the most
farsighted of the original founders. They could not
have envisioned the present size of our membership,
BURTON I. GROSSMAN
nor could they have dreamed of our beautiful Syna¬
gogue, our magnificent Activities Building or our
efficient School Building now under construction.
But, regardless of our size, we are still what the
founders intended us to be fpl a Synagogue for our
mutual benefit. We should keep in mind that this
is not a service provided for us by someone else, but
this is our Synagogue which we maintain for the
benefit of ourselves and our families. Mindful of
this fact, we can look forward to a New Year of ever
greater activity marked with that special enthusiasm
which each of us can feel in furthering a community
project in which we have a personal stake.
To all of our members I extend wishes for a
Happy and a Good New Year on behalf of all the
Officers and the members of the Board of Directors
and the Board of Trustees.
“Le Shanah Tovah Tikatevu”.
15
