Know Your Center
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is
“The Conservative Synagogue in Jacksonville”
THIRD AND SILVER STREETS PHONE EL 6-1504
For over half a century the Center has provided a modern
program in Jewish experience, ever increasing its services and
facilities. The current building program is described else¬
where in this book. Upon completion, with the help of God,
we shall have the most completely equipped Synagogue in
the area.
Over portions of several pages that follow, we review the
program of activities that is at the finger tips of all of our
loyal membership.
For the benefit of new members and newcomers to the
city, we set forth our program in brief. We also call atten¬
tion that the name "Center” is to be distinguished from
organizations by similar names in our communities that are
primarily recreational Centers. We are a "Synagogue-
Center.”
Religious Services
Daily: Mornings, 7:30 A.M. (8:30 on Sundays)
Evenings, at sunset (including the eves of Sabbaths
and Festivals)
Sabbath and Festivals:
Evenings, 8 o’clock
Mornings: Early service, 8:30; Reading of Torah, 9:30;
Musaf, 10 to 11
High Holidays: Members and their families, servicemen and
out-of-town guests are accommodated in our air-conditioned
Auditorium which seats 1400. (We do not "sell seats” as
the expression goes in some communities.)
Personal Observances
Our religious leadership supplements public worship with
services on personal occasions at the Synagogue and home,
such as: Circumcision, naming of girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar
Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confirmations, Marriages, Conversion
to Judaism, Bereavement. The Cemetery Committee is in
charge of Memorial Parks located at Evergreen Avenue and
Winona Drive and at 40th Street, East of Main St.
Education
(Registration figures are as of the past year; registration
figures for the current year are running higher)
Daily Kindergarten: Monday to Friday, 9 to 12 noon. Four
teachers and assistants.
Week-day Hebrew School:
1. Primary Grades: "Play way to Hebrew,” for pupils 6
to 8 years of age, meets Monday and Wednesday, 2:45
to 4 o’clock. 37 pupils.
2. Elementary Grades: Boys and girls above age 8 are
taught on alternate days of the week, 3:30 to 5:30 or
4 to 6. 184 pupils.
3.Graduate class meets one afternoon and one evening
a week. 26 pupils.
Sunday Religious School:
Sunday mornings, 10 to 12; Pre-Kindergarten through 10th
Grade, Confirmation Class, 24 teachers, 591 pupils.
Junior Congregation:
Sabbath and Festival mornings at 10 o’clock.
Youth Services:
Sabbath and Festival mornings at 10 o’clock for pupils
above the 8th Grade. The worship is held in the Synagogue.
Minyan Club:
Sunday mornings at 8:45 for boys of Bar Mitzvah age.
Breakfast served at conclusion of the service by the Center
Men’s Club.
Adult Courses:
Institutes on specific subjects are arranged in convenient
units of study. In past years we offered "The Story of
Conservative Judaism” and the "Living Book Series.”
Special classes and discussion groups are arranged as called
for.
Affiliated Organizations and Activities
(see the section devoted to each in this Year Book)
Sisterhood, Men’s Club, Couples Club, Amity Club, Mr.
and Mrs. Club, Young People’s League—young adults, above
age 18, U.S.Y. (Center Youth League and Charles Palot
Club—teen-agers.)
Scouting: Boy Scouts and Cub Pack, Girls Scouts and
Brownies.
Athletics: Programs for youth and adults, men and women.
Social Events: Scheduled by the various organizations on
special occasions or in connection with regular worship
and meetings.
Community Service: The Center’s facilities are available not
only for the celebration of personal events, such as wed¬
dings, and Bar or Bas Mitzvahs, but are also used by youth
and adult organizations, civic groups and inter-faith groups.
Center Bulletin: The "Center Bulletin” appears weekly dur¬
ing the active season and is mailed to our membership
and to interested persons whose names and addresses are
submitted to the office.
Center Year Book: For a fuller description of the Center pro¬
gram and activities, the Center Year Book published an¬
nually on the eve of Rosh Hashanah offers a bird’s eye
view of events for the preceding 12 month period, vital
statistics of the membership, Hebrew Religious Calendar
for the coming year, directory of community organizations
and other departments.
9
