Cantor and Choir
MESSAGE TO THE CENTER CHORAL SOCIETY
Dr. Sanders A. Tofield, Rabbi
Our age has been called the Age of the Spectator. Concentration into communities that
have followed in the wake of mechanized transportation has robbed the world of the inti¬
mate township with its opportunities for frequent meeting of friendly circles. In their place
has come the stupendous spectacle and more recently the remote performance.
Spectators are individuals who enjoy vicariously the skill and the talent developed by
others. Hundreds of thousands watch two teams in a stadium. The theatre and the concert
are smaller but they still convey to the many, the art expressed by a few. Listeners and view¬
ers of radio and television run into the millions.
The Center Choral Society shares in a world-wide movement to reverse the trend. Every¬
where small groups for self-expression are springing up. The Choral Society sponsored
by the Jacksonville Jewish Center strives to achieve even more.
On the 10th anniversary of its existence under the guidance and directorship of Cantor
Abraham Marton, the Congregation conveys its indebtedness to the Cantor and to all those
who have enjoyed musical expression from year to year and have helped others in the ap¬
preciation of the art.
Our Choral Society is motivated by distinct outlook. Furnishing an event of cultural significance to the Congregation and commun¬
ity is only part of the achievement. Educating the public to varieties and progress in the field of Jewish music are incidentals to the chief
function. We are a Jewish Congregation. Developing musical taste and stimulating inspiration from sacred tonal combinations in a wider
circle has been one of its accomplishments. Membership in the Choral Society is not confined to those who are blessed with exceptional
voices. The performance is not the ultimate objective. Cultivating appreciation for Jewish sacred and folk music among members of the
Congregation to whom this music is of greater significance has been and shall continue to be its chief goal.
Over the past decade I should estimate that over 100 individuals experienced the artistic satisfaction of blending their voices in pray¬
erful and meaningful harmony. With the intent of Hebrew salutation "Ye’yasher Ko’as”, may God lend effectiveness to your endeavors.
I greet Cantor Marton and the Choral Society as it enters its second decade in dedication to Jewish music.
Center Choral Society
Photographed at Center Choral Society Concert on Sunday, March 23rd in the Center Auditorium.
Center Glee Club
Pupils of the Center Religious School who sing in the Glee Club, at the Hanukah program.
27
