Center Sisterhood
OFFICERS
President
Vice-Pres., Cultural
Vice-Pres., Youth
Vice-Pres., Fellowship
Vice-Pres., Ways & Means
Corres. Secretary
Recording Secretary
Social Secretary
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
..Mrs. Sidney Stillman
Mrs. Charles Kluglose
... Mrs, Irving Kramer
Mrs. William Rose
. Mrs. Joe M. Witten
Mrs. Moe Zager
Mrs. Isidore Weiss
...Mrs. Henry Bettman
Mrs. Meyer Chepenik
...Mrs, Melvin Hollins
Mrs. Sidney Stillman
This year the Sisterhood instituted the wheel of Administration following National’s policy. Serving with the President are four
Vice-Presidents: Cultural, Youth, Ways and Means and Fellowship.
To date we have a membership of 539. Our projects this year included financial assistance for our Center Youth League and,
our Girl Scouts, provided funds for the salaries of the teachers in our Sunday Religious School, furnished prizes and awards for pupils
of the Hebrew and Sunday Schools and provided refreshments for special celebrations. In order to carry out our projects and programs
we have raised monies through dues, Bazaar, luncheons, sale of World Book Encyclopedias and the Sisterhood Book and Gift Shop.
This year’s "Donors for Beautification” was most successful and the funds raised will be used to purchase equipment for the new
school rooms now being erected.
Our Gift Shop had a very outstanding year and has been instrumental in fulfilling Sisterhood’s objective of strengthening Judaism
and making it more meaningful through the Synagogue and the Home.
Through the Torah Fund we contributed financial aid to the Jewish Theological Seminary.
This year we held Hanukah and Pesah Institutes which attracted a very large attendance. We are happy to report that as a result
of these Institutes more Hanukah Menorahs were lit this year and more Seders held in our homes.
Our Adult Education Committee cooperated with the Men’s Committee of our Center Synagogue in bringing four Rabbis to
Jacksonville for a series of lectures.
Sisterhood is affiliated with the National Women’s League from which we get guidance, information and suggestions enabling us
to fulfill our program. This year we sent delegates to the Regional Conference of the Southeast Branch of United Synagogues, held
in St. Petersburg, Fla.
In this year of the expansion of our Center, Sisterhood members are proud of the vital part that we share in its program and
growth.
Mrs. Melvin Hollins and Mrs. Joe
M. Witten presenting a check to
President Burton I. Grossman for
furnishings in the new School
Building.
29
