United Synagogue Youth
Center Youth League (C Y L.)
C.Y.L. (Center Youth League) is an organization affiliated with United Synagogue
Youth, whose main interests are close association with the Synagogue plus a varied program
of cultural, service, social and athletic activities.
This year has been a very successful one for C.Y.L. We had 12 delegates participating
in the annual U.S.Y. Leadership Training Institute at Camp Blue Star, Hendersonville, N. C;
three delegates were sent to the National Convention held in Chicago, Ill.; 32 members went
to the Regional Convention in Charleston, S. C.
A few of our many programs were an interesting talk by our Cantor on his trip to Israel,
a discussion group on "Hanukah-Fact or Fiction,” Hanukah recreation night and latke supper,
an inter-faith dinner and three C.Y.L. Sabbath evening services with discussion groups fol¬
lowing.
This past April 18th our chapter was host for the Regional Board Meeting at which time
the new officers and committee chairmen planned the regional activities for the following
year.
Our year was closed with a big Installation Banquet. At this time the first annual awards
were presented for the outstanding boy and girl in C.Y.L. to George Glossman and Rene
Slott, respectively. The Banquet was followed by a semi-formal dance with an orchestra
and special entertainment.
Our deepest appreciation for their help during the past year goes to Mrs. Louis Slott
and Mrs. M. J. Reiser and our new advisors, Stanley Kantor and Joel Selber. We also wish
to thank the Center Sisterhood and the Charles Palot Club for their financial assistance in
sending delegates to L.T.I. and National Conventions.
George Glossman
Advisors of U.S.Y.: Stanley Kantor, Joel Selber
Mrs. Louis Slott and
Mrs. M. J. Reiser
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
George Glossman
Barry Sinoif
Marsha Leibovitz
. Ellen Grossman
Maxine Safer
Stewart Goldberg
Scenes at the C. Y. L. Banquet —
A. The Head Table. Left to right: Eddie Robin, Past President; Frances Goldstein, Marsha Leibovitz and Cantor A.
Marton.
B. Mrs. Slott presenting the best boy award to George Glossman. Stanley Kantor seated at right.
C. Robert Wolf, Center Youth Chairman, presenting best girl award to Rene Slott.
41
