HESHVAN (Oct.-Nov.)
No special religious occasions occur in this Hebrew
month.
KISLEV (Nov.-Dee.)
Hanukah, feast of Dedication, commemorates the reded¬
ication of the Temple by the Maccabees in 165 B.C.E. The
Maccabean triumph over Syrian forces was the first victory
for a peoples right to the freedom of worship. Lights are
kindled in the synagogue and in the home on every one of
the eight evenings.
Hanukah. Menorah with
candles; shield with let¬
ter "mem” for Maccabees
and cruse of oil in back¬
ground. Inscription:
"Rock of Ages, my Sal¬
vation.”
TEVET (Dec.-Jan.)
Asarah BeTebet, Fast of the 10th of Tebet, commemo¬
rates the beginning of the siege of Jerusalem by the Babylo¬
nians in 586 B.C.E. which led to the destruction of the first
Temple.
SHEBAT (Jan.-Feb.)
Hamisha Asar BeShebat, also known as Tu BeShebat,
15 th of Shebat, is Holy Land Arbor Day or New Year of
the Trees.
Shabbat Shekalim, the Sabbath when every adult Jew
in the days of the Temple was reminded to pay his poll tax
of a half a shekel on the first day of Adar.
ADAR (Feb.-Mar.)
Shabbat Zakhor. On this Sabbath before the Festival of
Purim a special portion of the Torah is read beginning with
the word "Zakhor”—"Remember Amaelk.” Haman is pre¬
sumed to have been an Amalekite.
Purim, commemorates the day when, through the inter¬
vention of Mordecai and Queen Esther, the Jews of Persia
narrowly escaped being victims of Hainan’s plot to extermi¬
nate them.
Purim. Megillah scroll of
Esther; in background,
crown and scepter. In¬
scription: "Peace to all
his seed.”
NISAN
Shabbat Hagadol, the Sabbath which precedes the great
Festival of Passover, derives its name from the Haftorah
which contains a reference to the ''Great Day of the Lord.”
Pesah, Passover, celebrates Israels deliverance from
Egyptian bondage. The festival lasts eight days during which
matzot are eaten in the place of leavened bread. The cele¬
bration of the Passover with the beautiful ceremony of the
(April-May)
Seder on the first and second evening has fostered by Jew¬
ish people the ideals of liberty and freedom.
Passover. Four cups, em¬
bellished with grape
leaves representing the
fourfold promise of re¬
demption. In back¬
ground, three matzohs.
Inscription: "Let my peo¬
ple go that they worship me.”
IYAR (May-June)
Yom Ha’atzma’ut. The new State of Israel declared its
independence on May 14, 1948, which was the 5th of Iyar
according to the Hebrew calendar.
Lag B’Omer, the date of a victory by Bar Kokhba in the
final Jewish struggle against the Romans. He was supported
by the sage Rabbi Akiba and his disciples. It is known as
"The Scholars Festival” and marked by field day outings.
SIVAN (June-July)
Shavuot, Feast of Weeks, completes 7 weeks from the
second day of Passover on which the Omer ( a measure ) of
the new barley was brought to the Temple. It was also the
day when Bikkurim (first fruits) were presented. Tradition
assigned to Shavuot commemoration of the Covenant estab¬
lished at Sinai between God and Israel and the giving of the
Ten Commandments.
Shavuot. Torah scroll in
decorated cover with sil¬
ver ornaments. In back¬
ground, stalks of wheat
and grapevines symbolic
of Bikkurim, first fruits.
Inscription: "Torah of
Truth.”
■¡1
TAMMUZ (July-August)
Shivah Asar BeTammuz, Fast of the 17th of Tammuz,
that commemorates the breach in the walls of Jerusalem by
the Babylonians in the Year 586 B.C.E.
AB (August-September)
Shabbat Hazon, precedes Tisha B’Ab and derives its
name from the first words of the Haftorah "Hazon”—the
vision of Isaiah, which foretells the destruction of Jerusalem.
Tisha B’Ab, the Ninth Day of Ab, is a fast day which
marks the destruction of the First Temple in Jerusalem by
the Babylonians in 585 B.C.E. and also of the Second Tem¬
ple by the Romans (70 C.E.)
Shabbat Nahamu, Sabbath of "Consolation”, the first
word of the Haftorah is "Nahamu,” Comfort ye, My People.
ELUL (September)
Selihot, "Penitential Prayers,” recited at midnight in
preparation for the holiday season, "The Great Days of
Awe.”
165
