THE JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR
GENERAL EXPLANATIONS
(See the notes for
each Hebrew month for explanations of Holidays, Festivals and other sacred occasions)
The Jewish Religious Calendar that appears on the fol¬
lowing pages of the Center Year Book is arranged according
to the months of the Civil Calendar, the Hebrew date ap¬
pears in the lower left corner under the large number.
This Calendar is the result of many stages of develop¬
ment. In ancient times the unit of time was the month, de¬
termined by the phases of the moon. The Hebrew Calendar
was thus lunar. However, since religious festivals are ob¬
served annually at given seasons the calendar also became
solar. The two systems of measuring time were harmonized
by means of leap years in the following manner. The lunar
month consists of 291/2 days. In seven of a 19 year cycle an
extra month is added.
The year 5719, for instance, has only 12 months while
the year before last year had a 13th month.
Framing the doors of the Holy Ark in our Synagogue as
illustrated on the previous page are a series of panels depict¬
ing eight sacred occasions of the Jewish year. These occa¬
sions are listed in the calendar and are described in the ex¬
planatory notes. Individual panel carvings appear with each
explanation.
The Sabbath is observed from Friday sundown to Satur¬
day sundown.
Sabbath. Two Candle¬
sticks and the Kiddush
cup; loaf of twisted Hal-
lah bread in the back¬
ground, inscription:
"Sabbath holiness”.
Fridays and the eve
of Festivals, as well as the first day of Festivals, carry the
symbol L. C, 'Tight Candles.” The hour that follows this
symbol is 18 minutes prior to sunset, based on information
furnished by the United States Weather Bureau for Jack¬
sonville.
The Sidrah, the portion of the Torah for the week, is in¬
dicated on Saturday's date. Special Sabbaths are named and
are explained below under the Hebrew month in which they
occur.
Rosh Hodesh, "Beginning of the Month”, is observed
with special prayers in the service for that day and with the
Blessing of the New Month on the Sabbath previous. When
the new moon appears in the middle of the day the outgoing
month consists of 30 days and the last day is considered the
first day Rosh Hodesh for the coming month.
The Meaning of Sacred Occasions
Month by Month
TISHRI (Sept.-Oct.)
Rosh Hashanah. Shofar,
with set of scales sym¬
bolic of divine judgment
in the background. In¬
scription: "Happy New
Year” on top; "Repent¬
ance” together with the
two Hebrew words in the next panel occur in the Unetane
To kef prayer.
Fast of Gedalia, commemorates the assassination of the
governor of Judaea who attempted to restore Jewish inde¬
pendence after the destruction of the First Temple by the
Babylonians,
Shabbat Shuva, Sabbath of Repentance, derives its name
from the Prophetic reading, "Shuva Yisrael,” "Return, O
Israel.”
Yom Kippur, Day of Atonement, is a day of fasting and
prayer, a day for confession of sin and supplication for for¬
giveness. "For transgressions between man and God, repent¬
ance on Yom Kippur brings atonement. For transgressions
between man and man, Yom Kippur brings no atonement
until amends are made.”
Yom Kippur. Prayer
book with the verse "On
this day shall Atonement
be made for you” inscrib¬
ed on its open pages;
Charity plate; with a tall
taper alongside. Inscrip¬
tion: "Prayer and Charity,” completing the quotation "Re¬
pentance, Prayer and Charity lead to Grace and Salvation”.
Sukkot, Tabernacles, commemorates the period when
our forefathers dwelt in booths (Sukkot) during their wan¬
dering through the wilderness of Sinai.
Sukkot. Lulav (palm
branch) set into a holder
with myrtle and willow
branches, an Etrog (ci¬
tron) lies alongside. In¬
scription: "Thou shall
rejoice in thy feast.”
163
