United Synagogue Youth
CENTER YOUTH TEAGUE
"Bringing Youth back to the Synagogue." These words sym-
bolize the aims and efforts of United Synagogue Youth. With a
wide program of cultural, social and religious activities, U.S.Y.,
appears as one of the fastest developing youth groups in the
United States and Canada.
Beginning its ninth year of development, C.Y.L. (Center
Youth League—Senior Chapter of U.S.Y.) again participated in
the Leadership Training Institute, held in Hendersonville, North
Carolina; the National Convention in Chicago, Ill. and the Re-
gional convention. These conventions combined with our own
socials, study groups and Sabbath service participation, help inspire
the members to acquire a better understanding of Judaism.
The Charles Palot Club (C.P.C.), the younger division of
U.S.Y. is now in its fourth year. It also strives for the same aims
as put forth by the older group. C.P.C. provides the basic founda-
tion and fundamental leadership for those entering C.Y.L.
The financial assistance of the Center Sisterhood and the Cen-
ter Men’s Club have enabled us to attend the conventions and
enjoy local events. C.Y.L.-C.P.C. are indeed grateful to those
organizations and to the Center Youth Activities Committee for
their wonderful cooperation and assistance.
Our deepest appreciation to all those who have helped
throughout the years as our advisors. They have inspired every
member with loyalty and warm feeling for the principles and
practices of Judaism.
On page 91 will be found pictures of the Regional Conven-
tion to which our U.S.Y. Chapters were host last spring.
Eddie Robin
OFFICERS
President Eddie Robin
1st Vice-President Gene Shafton
2nd Vice-President . .Edward Shmunes
Recording
Secretary Marsha Leibovitz
Corresponding
Secretary Rene Slott
Treasurer Barry Sinoff
Social Chairman Linda Gartner
Religious Chairman Larry Cohen
CHARLES PALOT CHAPTER
Delegates to L.T.L August, 1956: Left to right, hack row;
Barry Sinoff, Gene Shafton, Reuben Mizrahi, Eddie Robin,
Stephen Entman; front row; Deborah Mizrahi, Barbara Still -
man, Rene Slott, Marsha Leibovitz, Ada Hindu Block, Ina
Selber and Sharon Safer.
Judy Safer
OFFICERS
President Judy Safer
1st Vice-President. .Rochelle Pausman
2nd Vice-President Judy Weiss
Recording
Secretary Marcia Kramer
Correpsonding
Secretary Cynthia Stillman
T reasurer Simon Selber
Social Chairman Rose Zager
Religious Chairman. . . .Michael Falis
