143
THE JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR
The Jewish Religious Calendar is the result of many stages
of development. In ancient times the unit of time was the
month, determined by the phases of the moon. The Hebrew
Calendar was thus lunar. However, since religious festivals are
observed annually at given seasons the calendar also became
solar. The two systems of measuring time were harmonizd
by meaos of leap years in the following manner. The lunar
month consists of 29^ days. In seven of a 19 year cycle an
extra month is added.
The year 5718, for instance, has only 12 months while last
year had a 13th month.
The Jewish Religious Calendar that appears in the following
pages of the Center Year Book is arranged according to the
months of the Civil Calendar, the Hebrew date appears in the
lower left corner under the large number.
Fridays and the eve of Festivals, as well as the first day of
Festivals, carry the symbol L. C, "Light Candles.” The hour
that follows this symbol is 18 minutes prior to sunset, based on
information furnished by the United States Weather Bureau for
Jacksonville.
Rosh Hodesh, "Beginning of the Month,” is observed with
special prayers in the service for that day and with the Bless-
ing of the New Month on the Sabbath previous. When the
new moon appears in the middle of the day the outgoing month
consists of 30 days and the last day is considered the first day
Rosh Hodesh for the coming month.
The Sidrah, the portion of the Torah for the week, is in-
dicated on Saturday’s date. Special Sabbaths are named and are
explained below under the Hebrew month in which they occur.
TISHRI
Rosh Hashanah, Jewish Religious New Year.
Fqst of Gedalia, commemorates the assassination of the
governor of Judea who attempted to restore Jewish independ-
ence after the destruction of the First Temple by the Baby-
lonians.
Shabbat Shuva, Sabbath of Repentance, derives its name
from the Prophetic reading, "Shuva Yisrael,” "Return, O
Israel.”
Yom Kippur, Day of Atonement, is a day of fasting and
prayer, a day for confession of sin and supplication for forgive-
ness. "For transgressions between man and God, repentance
on Yom Kippur brings atonement. For transgressions between
man and man, Yom Kippur brings no atonement until amends
are made.”
Sukkot, Tabernacles, commemorates the period when our
forefathers dwelt in booths (Sukkot) during their wanderings
through the wilderness of Sinai.
Hoi Hamoed, Intermediate Days of the Holiday, are ob-
served as semi-festivals.
Hashanah Rabba, the day on which prayers with the refrain
Hosanah ("O Save Us”) is recited.
Shemini Atzeret, Eighth Day of Assembly, marks the con-
elusion of the fall festivals.
Simhat Torah, Torah Festival, is the second day of Shemini
Atzeret and celebrates the completion of the annual reading
cycle from the Five Books of Moses and the beginning of read-
ings for the New Year.
KISLEV
Hanukah, feast of Dedication, commemorates the rededica-
tion of the Temple by the Maccabees in 165 B.C.E. The Macea-
bean triumph over Syrian forces was the first victory for a peo-
pie’s right to the freedom of worship. Lights are kindled in
the synagogue and in the home on every one of the eight
evenings.
TEBET
Asar ah BeTebet, Fast of the 10th of Tebet, commemorates
the beginning of the siege of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in
586 B.C.E. which led to the destruction of the first Temple.
SHEBAT
Hamisha Asar BeShebat, also known as Tu BeShebat, 15 th
of Shebat, is Holy Land Arbor Day or New Year of the Trees.
Shabbat Shekalim, the Sabbath when every adult Jew in
the days of the Temple was reminded to pay his poll tax of a
half a shekel on the first day of Adar.
ADAR
Shabbat Zakhor. On this Sabbath before the Festival of
Purim a special portion of the Torah is read beginning with
the word "Zakhor”—"Remember Amaelk.” Haman is pre-
sumed to have been an Amalekite.
Purim, commemorates the day when, through the inter-
vention of Mordecai and Queen Esther, the Jews of Persia nar-
rowly escaped being victims of Haman’s plot to exterminate
them.
Shabbat Parah. A special portion of the Bible concerning
the ashes of the red heifer is read, reminding us of the ritual
purification by our ancestors in preparing for the Passover
Festival.
Shabbat Hahodesh. A special portion of the Bible is read,
emphasizing the significance of the month of Nisan in which
Israel’s great deliverance occurred.
Views at the Passover Seder held in our Auditorium on April 16, 1957. The congregational Seder is observed annually at the Center on
the second night of Passover.
