144
The Jewish Religious Calendar, Cont.
NISAN
Shabbat Hagadol, the Sabbath which precedes the great
Festival of Passover, derives its name from the Haftorah which
contains a reference to the "Great Day of the Lord."
Pesah, Passover, celebrates Israel’s deliverance from Egyp-
tian bondage. The festival lasts eight days during which matzot
are eaten in the place of leavened bread. The celebration of the
Passover with the beautiful ceremony of the Seder and the first
and second evenings has fostered by Jewish people the ideals
of liberty and freedom.
IYAR
Yom Ha’atzma’ut. The new State of Israel declared its in-
dependence on May 14, 1948, which was the 5th of Iyar ac-
cording to the Hebrew calendar.
Lag B’Omer, the date of a victory by Bar Kokhba in the
final Jewish struggle against the Romans. He was supported by
the sage Rabbi Akiba and his disciples. It is known as "The
Scholars Festival" and marked by field day outings.
SIVAN
Shavuot, Feast of Weeks, completes 7 weeks from the sec-
ond day of Passover on which the Omer (a measure) of the
new barley was brought to the Temple. It was also the day
when Bikkurim (first fruits) were presented. Tradition as-
signed to Shavuot commemoration of the Covenant established
at Sinai between God and Israel and the giving of the Ten
Commandments.
TAMMUZ
Shivah Asar BeTamuz, Fast of the 17th of Tammuz, that
commemorates the breach in the walls of Jerusalem by the
Babylonians in the Year 586 B.C.E.
AB
Shabbat Hazon, precedes Tisha B’Ab derives its name from
the first words of the Haftorah "Hazon"—the vision of Isaiah,
which foretells the destruction of Jerusalem.
Tisha B’Ab, the Ninth Day of Ab, is a fast day which marks
the destruction of the First Temple in Jerusalem by the Baby-
lonians in 585 B.C.E. and also of the Second Temple by the
Romans (70 C.E.)
Shabbat Nahamu, Sabbath of "Consolation", the firs word
of the Haftarah is "Nahamu," Comfort ye, My People.
ELUL
Selihot, "Penitential Prayers," recited at midnight in prep-
aration for the holiday season, "The Great Days of Awe."
HOLIDAY SYMBOLS
Framing the doors of the Holy Ark in our Synagogue are
a series of panels depicting eight sacred occasions of the Jewish
year. These occasions are listed in the calendar and are de-
scribed in the explanatory notes. Following is a description
of what they represent as they appear from top to bottom,
right to left.
1. Sabbath. Two candlesticks and the kiddush cup; loaf
of twisted Hallah bread in the background, inscription: "Sab-
bath holiness."
2. Rosh Hashanah. Shofar, with set of scales symbolic of
divine judgment in the background. Inscription: "Happy New
Year" on top; "Repentance" together with the two Hebrew
words in the next panel qccur in the Unetane To kef prayer.
3. Yom Kippur. Prayer book with the verse "On this day
shall Atonement be made for you" inscribed on its open pages;
Charity plate; with a tall taper alongside. Inscription: "Prayer
and Charity," completing the quotation "Repentance, Prayer
and Charity lead to Grace and Salvation."
4. Sukkot. Lulav (palm branch) set into a holder with
myrtle and willow branches, an Etrog (citron) lies alongside.
Inscription: "Thou shall rejoice in thy feast."
5. Hanukah. Menorah with candles; shield with letter
"mem” for Maccabees and cruse of oil in background. Inscrip-
tion: "Rock of Ages, my Salvation."
6. Purim. Megillah scroll of Esther; in background, crown
and scepter. Inscription: "Peace to all his seed."
7. Passover. Four cups, embellished with grape leaves
representing the fourfold promise of redemption. In back-
ground, three matzohs. Inscription: "Let my people go that
they worship me."
8. Shavuot. Torah scroll in decorated cover with silver
ornaments. In background; stalks of wheat and grapevines
symbolic of Bikhurim, first fruits. Inscription: "Torah of
Truth."
