National Council of Jewish Women
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Uly P. Mack
Vice-President . .Mrs. Lawrence Jaben
Vice-President. . . .Mrs. Lionel Gaines
Vice-President . .Mrs. Raphael Klepper
Recording
Secretary . . . . .Mrs. David Gradman
Corresponding
Secretary . . . .Mrs. Marvin Edwards
Financial
Secretary . .... .Mrs. Irving Roberts
Treasurer Mrs. Frank Friedsam
Auditor Mrs. Hy Kliman
MRS. ULY P. MACK
The National Council of Jewish Women is an organization "to bring about
a closer fellowship among Jewish Women, to further united efforts in behalf of
Judaism, to foster a program devoted to social welfare, community affairs, educa-
tion and international understanding for peace.”
The Council supports the School of Education of Hebrew Univ. in Jerusalem,
sponsors scholarships for students from Israel for study in American universities,
aids Jewish orphanages in the Middle East.
In Jacksonville, the Council has such projects as the Medical Loan Shelf, Sewing
Group, recreational program for the Children’s Home Society, Golden Age Club,
aid to troubled children, and gathering library books.
All Jewish women in Jacksonville are invited to join and participate in our
program. Meetings are held the third Monday of every month.
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Albert Stein
Vice-Presidents
Mrs. Leonard Cohn, Mrs. Joel Fleet,
Mrs. Ivan Isaacs and Mrs. Melvin
Newman
Financial
Secretary Mrs. Donald Cohn
Recording
Secretary. Mrs. Dorothy Chamison
Corresponding
Secretary Mrs. Alvin Leitman
Treasurer . .Mrs. Raymond Winterfield
Parliamentarian Mrs. Louis Joel
MRS. ALBERT STEIN
The purpose of the National Women’s Committee is to advance and promote
the general welfare of, and to give financial support and assistance to Brandéis
University, Waltham, Massachusetts.
In seven years 90 chapters have been established with a membership of 55,000.
The money secured through memberships and contributions to the Book Funds is
used to meet all the needs of the University Library, so there is no fund-raising.
The Women’s Committee notes the development of Brandéis with pride. The
women throughout the country have made incalculable contributions by fostering
good will for Brandéis in their respective communities. The university has expanded
its student body, gathered a distinguished faculty and realized its building program.
GEO. C. GRIFFIN CO.
SCOTSMAN
ICE MACHINES & REFRIGERATION
Aluminum . Products
MR. SOLOMON
4201 St. Augustine Road
617 N. McDuff Avenue Phone EV 7-1692
Please Remember our Advertisers — They Deserve your Patronage
125
