25
Adult Education. Before the prominent festivals of the
year, the Sisterhood sponsors Institutes. Included are sessions
on the history and the meaning of the occasions and the tech-
ñiques for celebrating them in the home. This past year the Han-
ukah Institute and the Passover Institute are of special interest.
Photographs portraying the activities will be found on another
page of this volume. In addition to participating in the lecture
series offered by the Adult Education Committee of the Cen-
ter, Mrs. Harry Nachman this past year conducted classes in
Hebrew for Sisterhood members. This program is to be expand-
ed during the coming year.
Fellowship and Administration. A portion of our income
is devoted to strengthening the bond of friendship within the
Synagogue family. Through such programs as the Get-Acquaint-
ed Brunch for new members and Membership Tea, the purposes
and the meaning of Sisterhood were brought closer to the mem-
bership at large. Programs were put on at monthly meetings and
the membership advised of activities through the mail.
Special Projects. Practically every year needs arise in the
congregation for which the Sisterhood assumes the responsibilh
ty. Some year it may be a scholarship for one or two of our
young people to pursue studies in Hebrew. At another time it
may be providing furniture for class rooms. Kitchen equipment
has always been our responsibility. This year we have lent our
assistance with redecorating the Auditorium of the Activities
Building. A new set of drapes was needed and we supplement-
ed the appropriation for other decorations that will maintain the
beautiful Auditorium as a setting for High Holiday Services
and special family celebrations.
The annual Donors event for Beautification is the one oc-
casion during the year when members of the Sisterhood make a
special effort to acquire funds for the larger needs in carrying
out the objectives that the name implies. Synagogue furnishings,
as well as those just described for the Activities Building, are
the usual requirements. This coming year we look forward to
the completion of the school wing and additional classroom
furniture will be needed.
National Affiliation. The Sisterhood is affiliated with the
National Women’s League of the United Synagogue of America
from which we get guidance, program materials, information and
suggestions. We send delegates to the bi-annual National Con-
vention and to the regional conferences of the Southeast Branch,
which usually meets together with the Southeast Branch of the
United Synagogue. This past spring the latter was held at
Charleston, S. Car. and the next regional meeting is to be held
at St. Petersburg, Fla. Two years ago we were hosts to the re-
gion.
Mrs. Sanders A. To field installing Mrs.
Sidney Stillman at the annual Closing
Luncheon.
Home and Synagogue Partnership. One of the objectives
of Sisterhood is to strengthen Judaism and make it meaning-
ful in the lives of Sisterhood members and their families, both
in the Synagogue and in the home. Towards this end we have
established the Sisterhood Book and Gift Shop. The display of
religious ceremonial objects in the showcases found in the Lobby
of the Activities Building has already encouraged a great many
of our families to acquire beautiful pieces for their homes that
are religiously significant. The Gift Shop items are appropriate
for newly born, Bar Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confirmation and
Wedding gifts. From the small profits made, the Sisterhood
Book and Gift Shop Committee has been able to furnish much
needed equipment.
Many of the activities of the Sisterhood are portrayed on
other pages of this book. We look forward to another year of
increased interest in our continuing projects and initiation of new
ones. We aim to enrich Jewish living among all our members.
Membership Tea
Table setting at Membership Tea.
Receiving Line at the Membership Tea, Feb. 6, 1957 .
