B nai Brith
President
President-Elect
Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Treasurer
Secretary
Financial Secretary
Chaplain
Warden
ADL Chairman
Trustees: Sidney Brown, Morton R. Hirschberg, Samuel Klepper,
Martin Lind, Hyman Selber, Morris Witten, Herman Weiss.
% * *
Lionel L. Gaines
.Norman H. Freedman
Bert Whitfield
Ben Cohen
I. (Scotty) Witten
Hyman Selber
Eli Leff
Joseph Schwartz
Shustis David
...Harold B. Haimowitz
Joel Goldman
Louis Moss, Arnold Mayer,
The A. B. Weil Lodge of B’nai B’rith continues to assist the National B’nai B’rith, an
organization of 400,000 members, in its program of Jewish philanthropy and good neighbor policies.
Our anti-defamation committee, due to efforts by A1 Schneider and Sam Siegel, executive
board members of the state Council, is diligently attending to problems of anti-semitic nature.
Our public relations committee is constaantly studying such problems as bible teaching in our
public schools, which is contrary to our American policy of separating church from the state, and
the revival of the Ku Klux Klan.
Lionel L. Gaines
In the past year we have continued our services to the Lake City Veterans Hospital and to the March of Dimes drive. We have taken under-
privileged children to local baseball games. The Hillel Foundation at Gainesville has received our support, the Hillel Players appearing in a play
at one of our meetings. The B nai B’rith also sponsors B.B.Y.O. activities, headed by Norman Friedman. We give aid to Israel in immigration, bond
sales and forest planting.
At present a program is being formulated io increase funds for our Scholarship Loan Fund. These funds are held in a special trust account
and are for local students who need assistance in furthering their college education.
The Lodge sponsors a Luncheon Club with Ben Cohen, President; Hyman Selber, Treasurer; Sidney Brown, Secretary. Members meet on the
second and fourth Thursdays at the George Washington Hotel. Civic leaders as well as outstanding leaders in Jewish life appear as speakers. The
only cost is the luncheon and a B’nai B’rith membership.
B nai B rith Women of Jacksonville
President Mrs. Joseph Morgan
Vice-Presidents Mrs. Martin Brown, Mrs. Arthur Parvey
' and Mrs. A. E. Schubb
Treasurer Mrs. Sam Lazarus
Auditor Mrs. Irving Resnick
Historian Mrs. Ernest Lebedin
Chaplain Mrs. Louis Moss
Counsellor Mrs. Leonard Helman
Secretaries: Financial, Mrs. Mac Presser; Corresponding, Mrs. Lawrence Granet; Recording,
Mrs. Silven Ziff; Social, Mrs. Dora Bryan. Trustees: Mrs. Ben Rosenfield, Mrs. Shustis David
and Parliamentarian, Mrs. I. L. Kaplan.
*
*
B’nai B’rith Women of Jacksonville achieved a splendid record for the year. Due to the
zealous efforts of an enthusiastic membership we point with pride to our performance, locally, in
the district and nationally.
We subscribed more than our goal of allocations to nationwide projects, the "National
Jewish Hospital,’’ "The Leo N. Levi Hospital,’’ "The Bellefaire Children’s Home’’ in Cleveland
and the Children’s Home in Israel.
Mrs. Joseph Morgan
We aided several drives, winning citations of merit from the Muscular Dystrophy Assoc., the Cancer Society, the TB Drive, and the Cerebral
Palsy Telethon. We send two daily Jewish newspapers to the River Garden residents. We held monthly birthday parties for the retarded children
of the Pinecastle School.
Our women aided in sponsoring programs on radio and T.V. of an educational nature dedicated to the betterment of all mankind.
Our youth services to high school and college students, through our A.Z.A. and B.B.G. groups and Hillel houses on 208 college campuses,
help to inculcate the highest principles for moral, ethical and healthful living.
In Israel we continue to plant trees and render services to the smallest of our sister republics.
Elder Moving & Storage Co.
Agents for Local and Long Distance
Aerod Mayflower
54 E. 14th STREET PHONE EL 3-3147
TROUT WELL DRILLING CO.
5837 WESCONNETT BLVD.
PHONE EV 8-9530 Night Phone EV 8-1181
Terry Togs
24-26 W. FORSYTH ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA.
Moore's Woodworking Co.
Custom Built Furniture
2011 JERNIGAN RD. PHONE EX 8-8149
Spires Furniture Co.
We Buy f Sell or Swap Old Furniture
We Buy , Sell or Swop Old Furniture
3650 LENNOX AVE. PHONE EV 4-2703
Refrigeration Sopply Co.
EL 5-6526
Mention the Center Year Book when Patronizing our Advertisers
131
