Mention the Center Year Book when Patronizing our Advertisers
123
Jewish Welfare Society
The Jewish Welfare Society is the family and children’s casework agency of the Jew-
ish community. Affiliated with the Community Chest—United Fund, the local program
is almost entirely supported by our contributions to the Chest. One of its programs, the
re-settlement of New Americans, is financed by funds that you contribute through the
Jewish Community Council.
The agency began searching for a social worker with two years graduate training in
August, 1956. As of this writing, due to the great shortage, we have not as yet been
successful in locating one. Many of the future plans depend on how soon we can locate
one.
The program of the Jewish Welfare Society can be broken into six overlapping cat-
egories:
1 Family consultation and case work; 2. Child placement and work with unmarried
mothers; 3. Applications to River Garden Hebrew Home and follow up case work; 4.
New Americans, naturalization, immigration; 5. Transients; 6. Prison program.
The heart of the agency’s program is the family consultation and case work pro-
gram. About 9 out of 10 local cases were for counseling, planning and other services that
do not involve a direct outlay of funds. To help give the best service, the agency retains
the services of a psychiatrist, Dr. Merton Ekwall, whom the director consults when he
feels this would be to the best interest of the client.
During this year, two chlidren were placed for adoption and the agency had tempo-
rary custody of another.
Aside from the refugees from Hungary, the agency helped a number of families in
their efforts to bring over their relatives from Egypt, Morocco, Israel and other coun-
tries. Many families were helped with their restitution claims for Nazi persecution.
The agency also continued its work with transients and, under the leadership of Rab-
bi Israel L. Kaplan, its limited work with the prisoners at Raiford.
David Moss and I. M. Lieberman receiving awards for 30 years service,
A. H. Rothstein and Albert Datz making presentation.
LAWRENCE RACKOW
President
ALBERT J. DATZ
1st Vice-President
A. J. BLOOM
2nd Vice-President
FRANK BENJAMIN
3rd Vice-President
MRS. LAZER KLEPPER
Treasurer
DAVID MOSS
Director
LAWRENCE RACKOW
Compliments of
FRANK E. DIAMOND
Gulf Life
dJnmmce
124 W. Ashley St. Jacksonville, Fla.
Stand n Snack Sandwich Shop
23 3 W. Forsyth
EL
4-9522
108 E. Forsyth
EL
4-9567
5 5 6 Riverside Ave.
EL
4-9172
EL
5-8633
231 W. Duval
EL
6-9317
