9
Administration
With the 1956-57 season a new post was established in our congregation and
Mr. David I. Weinstein assumed his duties as Administrative Director and Hebrew
instructor.
Mr. and Mrs. Weinstein and their two children came here from Denver, Colo,
where Mr. Weinstein was associated with one of the congregations. Mr. Wein-
stein holds a B.A. degree from the University of Denver, Colo, in Sociology and
has taken graduate studies in the field of Psychology. His Jewish training he
received from his father, Rabbi Reuben Weinstein of Buffalo, N. Y. and at the
Yeshivah in Cleveland, Ohio.
The various departments and officers of the Jacksonville Jewish Center are
serviced by the following secretaries: Mrs. Bernard Stegman, Mrs. Nathan Robin,
Mrs. Esther Fishier and Mrs. A1 Zadoff.
DAVID I. WEINSTEIN
Administrator
Know Your Center
(Continued from Page 5)
Education (Registration figures are as of the past year; regis-
tration figures for the current year are running
higher)
Daily Kindergarten: Monday to Friday, 9 to 12 noon.
Four teachers and assistants.
Week-day Hebrew School:
1. Primary Grades: "Play way to Hebrew,” for
pupils 6 to 8 years of age, meets Monday and
Wednesday, 2:45 to 4 o’clock. 37 pupils.
2. Elementary Grades: Boys and girls above age 8
are taught on alternate days of the week, 3:30
to 5:30 or 4 to 6. 184 pupils.
3. Graduate class meets one afternoon and one eve-
ning a week. 26 pupils.
Sunday Religious School:
Sunday mornings, 10 to 12; Pre-Kindergarten
through 10th Grade, Confirmation Class, 24 teachers,
591 pupils.
Junior Congregation:
Sabbath and Festival mornings at 10 o’clock.
Youth Services:
Sabbath and Festival mornings at 10 o’clock for
pupils above the 8th Grade. The worship is held in
the Synagogue.
Minyan Club:
Sunday mornings at 8:45 for boys of Bar Mitzvah
age. Breakfast served at conclusion of the service by
the Center Men’s Club.
Adult Courses:
Institutes on specific subjects are arranged in conven-
ient units of study. In past years we offered "The
Story of Conservative Judaism” and the "Fiving Book
Series.” Special classes and discussion groups are ar-
ranged as called for.
Affiliated Organizations and Activities
(see the section devoted to each in this Year Book)
Sisterhood, Men’s Club, Couples Club, Amity Club,
Mr. and Mrs. Club, Young People’s Feague—young
adults, above age 18, U.S.Y. (Center Youth League
and Charles Palot Club—teen-agers.)
Scouting : Boy Scouts and Cub Pack, Girls Scouts and
Brownies.
Athletics: Programs for youth and adults, men and
women.
Social Events: Scheduled by the various organizations
on special occasions or in connection with regular
worship and meetings.
Community Service: The Center’s facilities are available
not only for the celebration of personal events, such as
weddings, and Bar or Bas Mitzvahs, but are also used
by youth and adult organization, civic groups and
inter-faith groups.
Center Bulletin: The "Center Bulletin” appears weekly
during the active season and is mailed to our mem-
bership and to interested persons whose names and
addresses are submitted to the office.
Center Year Book: For a fuller description of the Cen-
ter program and activities, the Center Year Book
published annually on the eve of Rosh Hashanah
offers a bird’s eye view of events for the preceding
12 month period, vital statistics of the membership,
Hebrew Religious Calendar for the coming year,
directory of community organizations and other de-
partments.
