119
Community Organizations
On the pages that follow we list organizations active in the Jewish community of Jacksonville. The state-
ments of the respective organizations are edited only by the dictates of available space. In addition to those
organizations listed, there are two Synagogues in the city: Congregation Ahavath Chesed, Reform; Congrega-
tion Etz Hayim, Orthodox.
BEN STARK
The Jacksonville Jewish
Community Council
OFFICERS
President Harry Gendzier
Exec. Vice-President J. L. Kipnis
Vice-Presidents
Mrs. Herman Klausner, Alvin Leitman, George B. Mil-
ler, Sam Siegel—Ben Stein (Big Gifts) ; Bert Whitfield
and Lionel L. Gaines (Men’s Division) ; Mrs. Phil Sher
(Women’s Division) and A1 Schneider (Public Rela-
tions Committee).
Treasurer Herbert Panken
Secretary Sam Greenburg
Auditor Robert M. Rieders
Exec. Director Ben Stark
Honorary Presidents
Alexander Brest, P. N. Coleman, Edgar M. Felson, Dav-
id Harris, Morton R. Hirschberg, Leonard Moss, Sam
Wolfson.
HARRY GENDZIER
The Community Council is a democratic organization made
up of representatives of all Jewish groups which in turn elect
the officers, set policies and the framework within which the
Council operates. It is affiliated with the National Council of
Jewish Federations and Welfare Funds.
The Council is an incorporated body under the state laws of
Florida, its charter dating back to 1939. Since that date, it has
served the Jewry of Jacksonville in many ways. Its functions:
1. To help maintain the dignity and integrity of Jewish
life.
2. To develop an articulate, intelligent and effective pub-
lie opinion on community problems and interests.
3. To foster cooperation among all elements in the com-
munity.
4. To raise, receive, collect, hold and distribute funds for
Jewish causes, either directly or through presently existing or
subsequently established agencies.
5. To enable the Jewish community of Jacksonville,
through coordination of fund-raising activities to meet its obli-
gations to local, national and overseas causes in an intelligent
and effective manner.
6. To cooperate with other agencies for better mutual
understanding; and
7. In general, to plan for the welfare and development of
the community as a whole, engaging in activities as will contrib-
ute to that end.
To carry out these purposes, the council has created various
structures. The most important has to do with fund-raising.
Each year an annual Campaign is conducted to provide funds
for agencies, some 40 in number. These include aid for over-
seas needs through U.J.A., Hadassah and other groups; combat-
ting anti-Semitism; providing hospital facilities for the Tuber
cular and others who are ill; developing cultural facilities;
maintaining religious institutions and meeting needs of our own
local institutions, such as the River Garden Home.
To carry on its many other activities, the Council has es-
tablished various committees. The Refugee Committee in past
years has done a most important job in the acceptance, settle-
ment and integration of over 30 refugee families, including set-
tlement of 5 Hungarian families this year. Costs of housing,
medical care, education, in cooperation with the Jewish Welfare
Society, was provided.
Men and women in the Armed Forces are cared for through
the Armed Services Committee. Home hospitality during the re-
ligious holidays is provided and other needs of service person-
nel as the demands arise.
The Public Relations Committee quietly and effectively
stands ready to combat anti-Semitism and promotes a positive
program within the general community.
Calendars listing all of the holidays, Jewish and national,
were distributed to every teacher in the school system. Confer-
enees were held with the School Superintendent and others to
discuss and act upon questions of religion in the schools.
The COMMENTATOR, a monthly publication of the
Community Council, has been given national awards as a com-
munity newspaper. The Community Calendar is another service
of the Council and it has already demonstrated its value by re-
ducing conflicts in dates between organizations. All organiza-
tions now clear dates with the Council.
In addition to these functions, the Council maintains an
up-to-the minute list of the entire Jewish community; brings
the presidents of different organizations together regularly to
discuss mutual problems and, in general, functions as the Ser-
vice Organization for the Jewish Community.
