11
RABBI'S MESSAGE
Words and Pictures
A picture is worth a thousand words, is an accepted
truism. Some words, however, are so meaningful, that thou-
sands of pictures could not portray them adequately.
Torah is one of those words. Older translations of our
traditional prayers adopted the word Law from the standard
English version of the Bible. Recent editions leave Torah
untranslated. The entire Jewish religious tradition is con-
centrated in the term that also stands for the Five Books
of Moses, the Bible, Talmudic literature and other sacred
writings.
Torah is most expressive of what the Jew means by reli-
gion. The Sefer Torah, the Scroll used during worship is our
sacred symbol.
The Cover Design
This year’s edition of the Center Year Book features the
Shavuot panel from the eight Festival carvings that embellish
the Holy Ark of our Synagogue. The Jacksonville Jewish
Center has in the past several years concentrated on beauti-
fying its Sanctuary. Cover designs of our year books have
displayed the rebuilding of the Synagogue with its most
distinguishing feature, the Holy Ark, in various steps of
planning and construction. Thank God, that task is achieved.
Our Children s Heritage
I take the opportunity of this Message to remind you
how far reaching the word Torah is, and to point out that
the symbolic representation on the cover is an inadequate
attempt to portray our dedication to the Jewish heritage.
Surely, one picture is not enough. In a sense, most of the
pictures in our Year Books are focused on Torah ideal.
When you leaf through this book you will find the pages
vibrating with the zest for teaching Torah to our children.
Another picture emerges—the need for classrooms. Sever-
al officers of the congregation are bringing this matter to
DR. SANDERS A. TOFIELD
your attention on the pages that follow. If you are not
acquainted with the facts from personal experience, the pic-
tures of this Year Book will confirm them. We thank God
for the blessing of a large child and youth population. As
parents and as synagogue members we are responsible for
their upbringing with vital religious indoctrination. Proper
classrooms are indispensable in that process.
Our Building Fund must have the means for carrying
through the classroom wing project with all possible speed.
A new school year opens under makeshift arrangements for
many of our pupils. It is our devout hope that while the year
5718 is still young our plans will be carried through to
successful completion.
Let me ask you to keep a mental note of the cover
design. You can draw a picture of Torah more glorious and
splendid than any artist. Transmitting the Torah tradition
to our children in the proper environment will give us a
generation that will exemplify the meaning of the Sacred
Word in their lives.
The Almighty grant us a blessed New Year in 5718 and
many good years to come.
