Mention the Center Year Book when Patronizing our Advertisers
127
Zionist Organization of America
The Jacksonville Zionist District continued its activities of public service and
education. On November 19 the Jacksonville District in conjunction with Senior
Hadassah sponsored a public rally at the Jewish Center featuring Prof. Joseph
Weil, Dean of Engineering at the University of Fla., and Dr. John B. Crane, noted
economist and columnist of "Europe Day by Day.” The Annual Israel Tree Festi-
val Banquet was held on January 31 at the Center with Rabbi Yaakov G. Rosen-
berg of Congregation Beth David, Miami, as guest speaker.
CANTOR A. MARTON
The District and Hadassah sponsored several meetings jointly for non-Jewish
President
CANTOR A. MARTON
citizens to discuss matters pertaining to Israel and the world at large. Cantor A.
Mar ton was invited to appear before several groups to discuss Zionism.
For the past year the local Zionist District has had the largest membership
since the creation of the State of Israel. The Zionist organization is gratified over
the part Zionism has played in the realization of the State of Israel which will soon
observe'the tenth anniversary of its establishment.
Vice-Presidents
I. M. LIEBERMAN
HARRY LIBBY
MYER COHN
Treasurer
LOUIS MOSS
Secretary
MRS. LEO MEIZLIK
Financial Secretary
MAX BROWNSTEIN
Chairmen: Membership, David
Moss; Education and Program, Jack
Becker; Chairman of the Board,
Max Rubin; Israel Bonds, Max M.
Zernes; Zionist Public Relations,
Nathan Newman, Chairman, and
Sam Goodfriend, Co-Chairman.
Jacksonville Young Judea has approximately 120 in both senior
and junior clubs. The senior clubs are the Estherettes, Zionist Youth
Girls and Yehuda Jollies. The junior clubs are the Junior Maccabbee,
Israel-ites and Zionettes.
Senior clubs meet every other Wednesday evening and Junior clubs
every other Sunday afternoon at the Center. Programming follows the
four point program of Young Judaea: Jewish Living, American Affairs,
Group Activities, Israel and Zionism. In February Parents night was
held for all Clubs except the Junior Maccabbees who held their own. In
March the Annual Israeli Fair was held at the River Garden Home for
the Aged. Funds raised went to the Tsofim, the Scout movement in
Israel.
The Estherette Club introduced the Avodah weekend of study and
work, with discussions led by graduates of Tel Yehudah. A Seminar was
held at the Jewish Temple in May, and another in August.
The closing affair of Young Judaea each year, the Bikkurim Festi-
val, was held May 5 at the Jewish Center. Linda Gruenberg and Roselyn
Portnoy were announced as candidates to Tel Yehudah, and the follow-
ing to Machonah Avodah: Karen Armel, Annette Gottlieb and Ad-
rianne Perlman.
Jacksonville Senior Young Judaea won the plaque for the fourth
time for the Dance Group at the Winter Convention of Southern Young
Judaea in Augusta in December.
Young Judaea is sponsored by Hadassah and the Zionist Organ-
ization of America under the direction of the Youth Commission. Mrs.
H. Klausner is Chairman and Mrs. I. Brukner, City Director. Mrs.
Norman Moss, has been selected as the incoming Chairman. Young
Judaea is open to all boys and girls over 10 years of age.
^JJappy í^eiif ijear to
the (Center l^flemlers
H. W. BROWN TRANSPORTATION
Eatontown, New Jersey
