Please Remember our Advertisers — They Deserve your Patronage
121
River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged
SIDNEY ENTMAN
OFFICERS
President Dr. Sam Witten
Chairman of Admissions Board . Irving Klepper
Vice-Presidents Albert Stein, Ben B. Yoffee,
Mrs. Ike Witten, Dr. Irvin Schneider
Treasurer Ira Stein
Secretary Arthur Gutman
Vice-Chairmen of
Admissions Board. . Robert N. Myers, Joe Becker
Chairman of the Board Harry Gendzier
DR. SAM WITTEN
This year marked the culmination of three years of in-
tensive and concentrated efforts of the Home to build its
new addition. In formally dedicating the Home, the Presi-
dent, Dr. Sam Witten, paraphrased the well known quotation
by stating "never has so few owed so much to so many." In
the short span of eleven years, the Home has outgrown two
buildings, and with the new addition will be able to serve
75 residents.
The new building, which is connected by ramps to the
other sections of the Home, has not only increased the capac-
ity of the Home, but has enabled the Home to give a wide
variety of specialized services to the residents in accordance
with their needs. Thus the Home is able to create a Home
Ladies Hebrew Sheltering
Aid Society
It is a great privilege for us to bring greetings to the many members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
As an auxiliary we have always accepted the responsibility of providing the
Home with the many special needs. We sponsor the annual linen shower and we
operate an active Hobby Shop. We render services for Friendly Visitors, personal
shopping and transportation for the residents. We mark all holidays with ap-
propriate programs and gift giving.
The financing of our many projects has been made possible through the
wonderful cooperation of our fund raising committees, Social Printing project,
annual Donors fund, Tombola Bazaar, as well as annual dues.
MRS. SAM SIEGEL
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Sam Siegel
V ice-Presidents
Mrs. J. Bloom Mrs. Henry Halpern
Mrs. Sam Greenburg
Corresponding Sec.. Mrs. Sam Lazarus
Financial Sec.. . .Mrs. Herbert Sandler
Recording Secretary Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
Treasurer Mrs. Isadore Zaslow
Treas., Projects. Mrs. Lou Feigenbaum
within a Home, where people are able to live in a harmonious
relationship despite different backgrounds and cultures.
As the Home completes its eleven years of service to the
aged of Florida, it looks to the future with anticipation and
hope that it will continue to enrich the lives of residents by
providing a positive program for creative living.
"PENNY"
Surety-Bonded Termite Control
PENINSULAR
PEST CONTROL SERVICE
711 Main St. EX 8-9638
"NEED A SALES IDEA’’
JOHNNY JELENEK
Advertising Agency
Newspaper Television Radio
Magazine Public Relations
317 W. Forsyth St. EL 3-9361
ífeJ £¡r!
"Southemized”
BLP
Mobile Paints
JACKSONVILLE PAINT CO.
249 Park St. EL 5-5678
