13
President
Some 20 months ago, upon taking office, I made the
statement that community work and endeavor is a source of
enjoyment for those who participate in that activity and that
it was my objective and hope to obtain a great deal of
"Simcha” and joy while serving in the distinguished position
of President of our congregation.
The pleasures and honors that I have derived during my
tenure of office have been numerous and gratifying, the most
satisfying of which was to participate in the happiness and
rejoicing manifest at the many celebrations of Bar Mitzvah
and Confirmation.
We are thankful that there has been a number of these
joyful and happy occasions. Each year, we note, there has
been a substantial increase in such events over the preceding
one.
Analyzing the situation a bit further, one readily sees how
we come by this great blessing. That the enrollment in our
religious schools is constantly growing, is gratifying, to say
the least. We are thankful and heartened that our member-
ship has recognized the importance of the religious educa-
tion of our children. It has been the primary factor towards
the strengthening and the developing of our Synagogue-
Center. Increased numbers in our families and increased
membership bring more occasions for the proper spiritual
services of the synagogue.
Our Rabbi and his capable staff, in close harmony with
your lay leaders, have instilled dignity and enlightenment
into our religious life. Through their efforts our curriculum
and programming for religious education has been constantly
improved. Our children have obtained better spiritual guid-
anee and have grown religiously. Your leaders are striving
to maintain this pace of development.
Through the constant loyalty of our membership we have
built and modernized our institutional facilities to take care
of our religious and social activities. We are now in the
midst of the program for providing adequate educational
facilities to satisfy the needs of our growing population of
youth. Our congregation is fully aware of the necessity of
RALPH S. MIZRAHI
this phase of our building program, but the successful cul-
mination of this project depends not only on the general
attitude of our membership, but also on their wholehearted
support.
The attitude that must obtain is one of confidence . . .
confidence in yourselves . . . confidence in your leadership
. . . confidence in the importance of the task. An attitude
of understanding must be maintained—of understanding and
realization that the progress of the Center is a vital interest
of your own, shared in common with your fellow members.
An attitude must be developed towards giving—both moral-
ly and financially—so that it continuously flows, nurtures, and
maintains in the hearts of our children the strength and
vitality of our religious and cultural heritage.
In the name of the officers and the members of the Board
of Directors and the Board of Trustees, I extend to all of
our members "Le Shanah Tovah Tikatevu.”
"May the Almighty strengthen us, through Torah . . .
grant us a happy year . . . give us faith to build and maintain
a solid bulwark for the perpetuation of our tradition/’
