23
/9S7- rr
Center Sisterhood
We review another year of Sisterhood activity in the hope
that our membership of approximately 600 will take full satis-
faction in their achievements and that the rest of the congrega-
tion will see at a glance the importance of supporting the pro-
grams and activities of this auxiliary of the Synagogue.
Where does Sisterhood derive its funds with which to carry
on the manifold program? In the past year the primary sources
of income have been from:
1. Dues; 2. Food Show and Bazaar; 3. Rummage Sale;
4. Luncheons; 5. World Book Encyclopedia sales; 6. Miscel-
laneous.
Our income is budgeted to take care of the following pro-
jects that are carried on from year to year and expenditures
that arise on occasions:
Youth Activities. The two chapters of United Synagogue
Youth, C. Y. L. and C. P. C., are subsidized with expenses to
national and regional conventions and for the Leadership
Training Institute that is held late in August every year.
We also subsidize traveling expenses of delegates to the
Young People’s League National Convention.
Religious Education. Sisterhood provides the largest share
of funds for Sunday Religious School staff fees. We also fur-
nish prizes and awards made on various occasions throughout
the year and especially at the closing of the school session. Ap-
propriate refreshments are served to pupils in connection with
Holiday and Festival celebrations.
Girl Scouts. The Girl Scout and Brownie troops active in
our congregation are sponsored directly by the Sisterhood.
When the occasion arises we furnish the religious Menorah
award and support the movement in every possible way.
MRS. SIDNEY STILLMAN
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Sidney Stillman
Vice-Pres., Cultural Mrs. Charles Kluglose
Vice-Pres., Youth Mrs. Irving Kramer
Vice-Pres., Fellowship Mrs. William Rose
Vice-Pres., Ways and Means .... Mrs. Joe M. Witten
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Ben Edwards
Recording Secretary Mrs. Isidore Weiss
Social Secretary Mrs. Lew Meisel
Financial Secretary Mrs. Meyer Chepenik
Treasurer Mrs. Melvin Hollins
Officers at Installation Luncheon
Left to right; Mesdames Charles Kluglose, Irving Kramer, William Rose, Joe M. Witten, Sidney Stillman, Isadore Weiss, Ben Edwards,
Lew Meisel, Meyer Chepenik, and Melvin Hollins.
