35
Center Honors Hymie Selber
September 9, 1990
We Love You!
Mazel Tov to a Beloved Brothe
and Uncle
Your dedication to the
Center is an inspiration
to all who know and
love you.
HYMIE,
We congratulate you on
this beautiful tribute.
No man has worked harder
than you for the Center.
You are an asset to the community.
Congratulations, Hymie, onl
I 55 years of outstanding
service to the
I Center Yearbook.
A Great Job Done by
Peach Of A Guy
Best Wishes and
Congratulations to a vei
special Mensch
Center Men’s Club
As I write this, the Men’s Club is 18 months old. Or maybe young. Growing up is an endless series
of circles. This is true for people and for organizations. With every bit of work there is growing. With
every bit of growing there is learning. For every bit of learning it takes work.
This year saw a lot of work make a great many things happen. The Men’s Club was accepted for
membership in the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs. We had our first dance. The Club observed its
first Men’s Club Shabbat. We sold twelve dozen Yellow Yahrzeit Candles to help commemorate Yom
Ha-Shoah. We had several brunches with speakers and our second Superbowl party. We also helped
out at some Center functions as hot dog heaters. Then, a program full of ups and downs, there was
the second fishing trip.
As we grew this year, and experimented with programs, we learned what works, and how to make
them work better. The leadership, while there are some changes, continues to grow together and become
stronger. We have learned from each other and from our members. Hours of work has lead to growth
and learning. We hope we have translated that into fun and help where we were needed. Our work for
the Center is a labor of love. Kahlil Gibran said in The Prophet , “work is love made visible.”
My thanks to the outgoing board. My best wishes to the incoming board. And a special thanks to
Jane, Beth, and Renee for permitting me the time for this project.
Again, as last year, I bid you Shalom, Peace, and Shana Tova.
Ira Grann, President
Officers, 1991-92
President - Ira Grann
Vice-President
Stuart Appelbaum
Treasurer - Bruce Glassman
Secretary - Fred Blum
Board members:
Neil Sandler, Marc Kurland,
Bill Zoske, Ken Organes,
Barry Schuster
