156
RIVER
GARDEN
Keeper of the “Fifth Commandment”
‘Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long.
It was this commandment which inspired the founding of River
Garden Hebrew Home in 1946. It was this commandment which
nourished the love and care that over the years has made River
Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence in its field.
It is the commandment which underlies the tradition of meeting
100% of local Jewish community needs and of serving rich and
poor alike with excellence and caring.
River Garden Hebrew Home/Wolfson Health and Aging Center
is on a 33 acre campus in Mandarin near the intersection of 1-295
and Old St. Augustine Road. The design of the Traditional Care,
Sheltered Care and Short Term Rehabilitation pavilions recognizes
that people with medical needs do not have to live in medical set-
tings. The River Garden Home/Wolfson Health and Aging Center
will be a part of a larger community which will include: apartments,
a town center, a general store, a fitness center and a campus club.
Overall, River Garden is today and tomorrow a community
where people live, love, and care; a community of many life styles
and of rich Jewish content, and a community which every day strives
to live up to the mandate of the Fifth Commandment.
RIVER GARDEN HOME
BRENT TURBOW
RON ELINOFF
STEVEN MEISEL
ALLEN GRAY
ROSE LEE GOLD
RUBYE SAFER
MARTIN WOLF
President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
RIVER GARDEN HOLDING COMPANY
SHELDON GENDZIER
LEWIS MEISEL
MINNIE SCHREIBER
HERMAN PAUL
BRUCE MEISELMAN
President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
ELLIOTT PALEVSKY, MA Executive Director
RIVER GARDEN AUXILIARY
OFFICERS
Co-Presidents:
Judy Paul & Joan Waitz
Vice Presidents:
Fundraising
Rhoda Goldstein
Membership
Liz Gartner
Services Coordinator
Idlene Staff
Treasurer
Cheryl Blum
Financial Secretary
May Grann
Recording Secretary
Janis Dorman
Corresponding
Secretary
Frances Janofsky
River Garden Auxiliary “is a group of people who have taken the aged to their
hearts. . . and made a place for them.” The Auxiliary provides funds for ancillary needs
and services to the residents of River Garden Hebrew Home/Wolfson Aging Center. More
importantly the members of the Auxiliary provide a dimension of warmth and significant
funds to meet the diverse needs of each and every resident in order that the individual’s
happiness and well being be nurtured and enriched. We have an ongoing commitment
to “Honor thy Father and Mother.”
With your help and support the Auxiliary will continue to make things happen. This
can be accomplished through a variety of programs and activities. You can become a
member with annual dues or a Life Membership. . . remembering a loved one or honor-
ing an important occasion with the use of our plaques — Fifth Commandment; Tree of
Life; Resident’s Memorial. . .joining us for the Paid-up Membership Luncheon and par-
ticipating financially at the Gift for the Home Shower/Luncheon and the Donor Lun-
cheon. . . filling your “pushkas” with coins for our Quarters for New Quarters for the Cam-
pus Development pledge to the Home. . . giving a pint of blood to replenish our Blood
Bank Account. . . buying items from our Comer Gift Store. . . purchasing lovely all-occasion
greeting cards. . . supporting Tombola. . . participating by assisting a resident at one of
our Special Holidays functions (Chanukah, Purim, Mother’s Day, Father’s Day). . .enjoy-
ing our Special Event which is a greeting instead of a meeting. . . putting your best foot
forward at our Walk-a-thon. . . taking pleasure in creating new ways to offer support to
the Home and the residents.
There are so many dreams to fulfill. You can make the difference by caring and sharing!
