55+ CLUB
The 55 + Club has a joint membership of all Jacksonville synagogues. It meets
the second Sunday of the month from 2:00 to 4:00 P.M. at the Center. The annual
dues is $10 per person. Informative speakers discuss health and health care, psychology,
insurance and other interesting topics. Dance and singing groups have presented ex-
citing entertainment to the group. Refreshments are always served and there is always
time for socializing. Also, the group offers its members an opportunity for discount
theater tickets and trips, plus our annual luncheon in June. Members are the backbone
for Minyans and for visitation of the sick. Join us, we’d love for you to be a member!
Officers 1991-92
Ben Edwards
Pollie Copans
Jack Silverman
Sada Freedman
Follie & Philip Copans
Bea & Marty Caplan
Leah & Morris Solomon
President
Vice President
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretaries
Hospitality
Entertainment Committee
Pollie Copans and
Helen Rosen
Adult Education
In answer to the diverse needs of our congregation, this year’s Adult
Jewish Education selections offered a variety of courses: Hebrew
Literacy, which included a One-Day crash course, Torah and Haftorah
reading; Beginner’s Minyan, Jewish Magazine Discussion Group, Hands-
On Judaism, Adult Bar/Bat Mitzvah Class, holiday workshops and a
series of lectures by Rabbi Gaffney.
The Setzer-Levit Lecture featured author Yossi Melman. The
number of Center havurot continues to grow as the interest in Jewish
study and observance increase among the members.
Every Spy a Prince to Rochelle Rabbi Gaffney introduces Yossi Melman
Proctor. to Jewish community audience.
Ruth Fagen shared her knowledge of Jewish heroes
and heroines during the Center's Shabbaton
Weekend. Flanking Ms. Fagen are co-chairs Lillie
Ray Levy and Barbara Spiwak. Not pictured: Har-
riet Brodsky.
The one-day Fiebrew Crash Course was a success.
Many members took advantage of this course for
beginner and intermediate readers. Our thanks to
Fiebrew Literacy coordinator Carol Harrison.
SER VICE AND CONSUMER EDUCA TION
At foiCÁAM
Compliments of
— SINCE 1956 —
CHEMICALS • EQUIPMENT • REPAIRS • MAINTENANCE
WESTERN NATURAL GAS CO.
COMMERCIAL • RESIDENTIAL
2960 Strickland Street
6283 Powers Avenue Phone
Jacksonville, FL 32217 904-731-3144
387-3511
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
25
