9
Message from the Rabbi
REFLECTIONS ON THE HOLIDAYS
RABBI DAVID GAFFNEY
Rabbi Shlomo of Karlin, a great Hassidic Rabbi, once startled his disciples by asking them
a rather unusual question: “What is the most serious sin a Jew can commit?”
His students reflected for a while and then suggested their respective answers: “murder,”
said one; “idolatry,” said the second. Other answers were given.
The Rabbi shook his head after each answer and when all the disciples had been heard,
he stated his own. “The most serious sin a Jew can commit is to forget the Biblical verse: “You
are children of the Lord your God” (Deuteronomy 14:1).
I find this an insightful story because it states that when we look upon ourselves as children
of God, we invest our lives with fullest potentiality. . . that we achieve as we believe.
What we think of ourselves has a powerful impact on what we make of ourselves. The
decisive area of our accomplishments is located in our own mind. The Hassidic Rabbi anticipated
the insight of William James, one of the leading pioneers in the field of psychology who wrote
that “the greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by alter-
ing their attitudes.”
Our severest handicap is a distorted self-image When we think of ourselves as incapable, unlovable, unsuccessful, we tend to become
all these things. However, when we have a positive self-image, our achievements will reflect that self-appraisal. We tend to become
what we imagine ourselves to be. Our thoughts and our attitudes are the controlling factors.
That is why the “sins” enumerated during the High Holiday service describe not only how we sin against God and how we sin
against our neighbors, but also how we sin against ourselves. The same Rabbi once pointed out that “the worst thing the evil urge
can do is to make us forget that we are the children of God.”
God is not affected by our wrongdoing, but we are. We are diminished; we lose the significance of our lives. The whole thrust
of the High Holidays is an appeal to turn to Judaism and to discover who we are and what our life means. . . that we are God’s partners
in the creation of a better self and a better world.
Simply put, a positive attitude and a positive self-image is so very vital and so very important. You must believe in yourself. This
should be a goal, a philosophy, an attitude, and a way of life.
The Siddur—our daily prayer book—contains this philosophy. It expresses in one of the preliminary blessings: Praise be to You,
Lord our God, ruler of the universe, who fashioned me in Your image.” What a magnificant statement. To begin each morning with
this blessing is to be reminded of our unique, intimate, and personal relationship with God, thus reminding us of our unlimited potential,
our sacred responsibility and our inherent dignity. When we think along these lines, we not only become better people... we are ready
to face the personal and collective challenges that we have as individuals and as Jews.
Think of how extraordinary the past year has been. It was a year in which we saw a successful conclusion to one of the most
insidious threats in the person of Saddam Hussein. That we were able to deal with that challenge and to see a successful conclusion
of the Gulf War, was made possible, in great measure, by our country’s assertion of its interest and of the interests of other nations
who want peace. The State of Israel dealt, not only with the problem of Saddam Hussein, but also with the extraordinary challenge
of the absorption of hundreds of thousands of Soviet Jews. The Jewish community, worldwide and most especially in the United States,
recognized that we are living in historic times and proved, for the most part, to be worthy of the challenge.
During the month of June, we witnessed the extraordinary miracle of the absorption of 14,000 Ethiopian Jews who had been given
up for lost and who found themselves received and welcomed in Israel. . . another challenge. Israel was able to do this because it is
clear about its mission. . . that no longer will any Jew find him/herself homeless in the world and not know that there is a place that
they can call home.
Here, at the Center, we are on the threshold of a major watershed in our own congregation’s history. We have, over these past
months, been conducting a very successful campaign called “The Last Mile” with a mission to bring an end to the indebtedness of
our mortgage payments. We do not want our children to carry the burden of our sizable mortgage. We need to eliminate this debt
and free ourselves of this heavy burden so that we can focus our energy on strengthening existing programs and other pressing needs.
This, too, is our challenge.
But then, Jewish life is always a challenge. Other generations had to pay in sacrifices more precious and more dear than those
we are asking of our congregants. We take so much for granted, our health. . .our family. . .our loved ones. We, too often, take the
Jewish community for granted as well as the legacy that we have received from the past. What the above quoted Rabbi was suggesting
was that the most serious sin is to forget that “we are children of God;” that we are the architects of our destinys; that we are in com-
mand of our lives. It all depends upon our approach, our attitude and our sense of purpose and direction.
The High Holidays come to urge us to make every attempt to do better with what we have and to fulfill our potential as human
beings, as members of families, as members of our congregation, and as members of our people. We each have boundless resources
of mind and spirit waiting to be tapped and vast capacities striving to be utilized. There are challenges out there, no doubt, but we
would sin, grieviously, if we did not believe that we are up to the challenge.
As we begin this new year, we begin with a prayer that each of us will remember this message—that we achieve a positive self-
image, that we discover those gifts with which we have already been endowed and fulfill our highest potential, and that we are able
to use these challenges as stepping stones to broader horizons of creative living. It is in this hope that we share in common a prayer
for Shanah Tovah—a New Year rich in health, fulfillment and achievement.
Rabbi David
and Inge Gaffney
