JACKSONVILLE JEWISH FEDERATION
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the central fundraising, planning,
budgeting and coordinating agency for the Jewish community. It strives to ad-
dress the needs of the Jewish community, encouraging community participa-
tion. Its diverse committees offer many opportunities for volunteer involvement.
The Federation funds and coordinates community relations and educa-
tion programs. It publishes a monthly newspaper of Jewish news of local and
national interest. The Federation’s Leadership Development Program examines
Jewish life and history and gives participants an opportunity to experience
their Jewishness in unique and meaningful ways.
The Federation conducts an annual campaign that raises funds for the
United Jewish Appeal, as well as other national and overseas agencies. Local
beneficiaries are the Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and Com-
munity Services, the Kosher Nutrition Program, River Garden Hebrew Home
for the Aged and the chapters of various Jewish organizations.
Joan Levin, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
Federation Officers:
Richard Sisisky
First Vice-President
Matthew Edelman
Vice President
Dr. Sheldon Kaplan
Vice President
Dr. Eugene Wolchok
Vice President
M. David Epstein
Treasurer
Suzanne Lichter
Secretary
Elliot Zisser
Immediate Past President
JEWISH COMMUNITY ALLIANCE
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone: (904) 730-2100 Fax: (904) 448-5715
JEWISH
COMMUNITY
ALLIANCE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ALEXANDER BREST
Honorary Chairman
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
BRUCE WARSCHOFF
President
MICHAEL DONZIGER
Vice President
MARK GREEN
Vice President
DAN EDELMAN
Vice President
PHYLLIS VANDROFF
Vice President
HOWARD KORMAN
Secretary
NEIL PRESSER
Treasurer
LOIS CHEPENIK
MICHAEL DeSANTO
DAVID A. STEIN
The Jewish Community Alliance has as its mission to strengthen Jewish iden-
tity and to provide to the Jewish community services which will enhance the quali-
ty of life and help ensure the continuity of the Jewish people. Therefore the JCA
will: 1) serve as a common meeting ground for all people and all segments of the
Jewish community; 2) provide meaningful group and individual experiences which
the members of the community view as enhancing the quality of their lives; 3)
strengthen family life through programs for all members of the family, recognizing
that some families consist of only one person.
To carry out its mission the Jewish Community Alliance provides programs
in recreation, creative and performing arts, physical education and sports, child care
and preschool, informal education and social group activities. The JCA strives to
make available to people of all ages, opportunities for authentic Jewish experiences,
to develop community based leadership and to work toward building a sense of
community among all Jews.
Although the JCA is created by and established primarily for the Jewish com-
munity, membership is open to all who wish to join regardless of race, sex, religion,
national origin, disabilities or military service.
155
