8
WHAT OUR SYNAGOGUE MEANS TO US
Over 440 children were educated in our
Synagogue this past year. Our schools are
grooming the Jewish leaders of the future.
From Sisterhood luncheons, to wedding
receptions, to youth conventions, to commit-
tee meetings, to Bubbee-Zaydee and Young
Family Shabbat programs, our building is
home to a variety of activities. There are life
cycle events, daily services and holiday
celebrations which would keep our doors open
everyday. There is not a day that goes by in
the life of our congregation when our building
is not being used to perpetuate our Jewish
heritage.
We are proud of the contributions of our
Synagogue to the quality of Jewish life in this
community and we will continue to do so as
long as our Synagogue is healthy. Through
your support, we will solidify this leadership
role.
From “The Last Mile” Brochure and the
Campaign to End our Mortgage Indebtedness
—The Synagogue provides the ideal Jewish
setting for worship, where that which is
noblest within ourselves reaches out towards
that which is highest in the universe - God.
—The Synagogue provides a place of
assembly for the Jewish community, the
Jewish youth and adults. It is the recognized
address of the Jewish community for Jew and
non-Jew alike.
—The Synagogue is the institution that best
preserves the Jewish heritage and most effec-
tively transmits the teaching of prophets, the
wisdom of our sages and teachers.
—The Synagogue is the most potent force for
Jewish continuity and has been throughout the
vicissitudes of our history. It continues to
nourish the Jewish will to survive and to pro-
vide joy in living as a Jew.
—The Synagogue raises to lofty significance
the great milestones from birth to death by
clothing them in the warmth of hallowed
words and sacred rituals, and by providing a
community in which to share these occasions.
—The Synagogue keeps alive our people’s
most treasured memories, our most fervent
beliefs, and our most cherished hopes.
—The Synagogue provides a fellowship for
Jews who take their heritage seriously and
who look to it to provide guidance, solace and
inspiration.
—The Synagogue nutures our faith in the
coming of an era of peace and justice for all
people. It gives us the courage to work for
God’s kingdom and the patience to wait for it.
—The Synagogue drapes each human being
with highest dignity, confers upon life ultimate
meaning, invests the universe with high pur-
pose and sees in Jewish destiny cosmic
significance.
—The Synagogue richly merits a tribute paid
to it by Robert T. Herdford, a Christian
scholar, who said: “In all their long history,
the Jewish people have done scarcely anything
more wonderful than to create the synagogue.
No human institution has a longer continuous
history, and none has done more for the uplif-
ting of the human race.
The above thought was presented by
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays.
It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
