Education and Youth
Director: Rabbi Dov Kentof
You and I have been sending our children to Jewish
schools. We have invested time and efforts. Has it all been
worthwile? Have the returns justified the investments?
But what returns should we expect? How can we
measure and evaluate them? Educational returns are so
intangible.
Indeed they are, but not as intangible as we may think.
We should and we do have some ways of measuring them.
It is, of course, very simple to measure objectively the
achievements of our children in terms of subject-matter,
such as Bible, Hebrew, history, etc. We do possess the
technical equipment and devices of measuring accurately
what our child has learned at any given time in any of the
school subjects.
But, you may agrue, knowledge is not enough; it is at-
titudes that count; it is the cultivation of character, of the
religious personality, and the like, that is significant.
Quite true. We all realize that mere cold-blooded
knowledge is not enough. Knowledge has no value unless
it glows with the impulse to action. Knowledge must be
dynamic, it must serve both as a motor and a rudder. It
should galvanize its possessor into action; it should also
guide and direct such action.
Character or personality is in the final analysis a mat-
ter of conduct, of behavior and deeds, of performing
habitually certain actions rather than others. But conduct
may have no ethical or social value unless it is undergirded
by knowledge. Besides, there is an old saying: Nothing sue-
ceeds like success. Achievement in knowledge and abilities
generally go hand in hand with the development of attitudes
and character. The glow of successful achievement
generates a favorable attitude toward the subject matter
and often results in the building of abiding interests.
Photo left: Cindy Marsh,
Secretary
Photo right: Dov is
always surrounded by
kids of all ages.
Indeed many centuries ago our Rabbis declared: LO
AM HA-ARETZ HASID, an ignorant man cannot be a good
man. When the question was raised some 18 centuries ago
as to the relative merits of conduct and learning the Sages
decided that learning is preferable, “for learning leads to con-
duct.”
Our ancient Sages had indeed a keen pedagogical in-
sight. They were right in maintaining that character or con-
duct has to be built on a background of knowledge, and
that it is the inevitable by-product of all learning; it cannot
be developed in an intellectual vacuum. They were further
correct in stressing that learning is an ongoing life-process.
“He who does not constantly add to learning perishes
spiritually” is a famous Rabbinic saying based on sound
pedagogy. Knowledge cannot be cold-storaged, to be us-
ed, when need arises. Unless it is constantly refreshed by
the accumulated wisdom of the past and the new resources
of the present, it shrinks, withers, dies.
Hence, the study of Judaism must be continued, ac-
cording to the traditional view, all through life. “On the day
of judgment,” says a famous medieval sage, “a man is first
questioned regarding his devotion to the study of Torah and
then regarding his other deeds.”
The conclusion should be obvious. Our school should
provide a certain minimum of knowledge in each grade and
at each stage. But above all, our school should endeavor
to cultivate an ability and a desire to go on learning. Our
school should aim to develop abiding interests in the study
of Judaism.
Here is a challenge to our synagogue and school. I pray
that we will be able to meet this challenge.
Let me wish you and your family a happy and healthy
new year.
Schmagel^^AuAlljS^
Best Wishes for the
New Year
WHOLESALE • RETAIL
9850-1 SAN JOSE BLVD. JACKSONVILLE, FL 32257
• 268-5273 •
ARBY’S
10477 San Jose Blvd. 260-9156
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
105
