33
Three Members Honored on Simhat Torah, Friday, October 12
Jack Silverman, Hatan Torah
Jack Silverman puts his car in “automatic pilot” and goes directly to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. Whether it’s for daily minyan, Shabbat Services, a Center Board meeting,
Religious committee, Adult Education Hebrew classes, 55 + , Mr. and Mrs. or the raffle rehear-
sal, Jack’s life revolves around the Center.
Our Hatan Torah also serves as a gabbai at services, seeing to it that the Torahs and
other ceremonial objects are in their proper places and safely stored. He voluntarily arrives
early Saturday mornings so he can get the prayerbooks ready for service leaders and the
Shabbat worshippers. The personal attention he gives to his volunteer efforts and genuine
concern he has for his synagogue and his family have made Jack Silverman a most ad-
mired and loved man.
We are proud to honor Jack for his dedication to Jewish ideals and his constant devo-
tion to the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Mazel tov to his wife, Mollie; his daughter, Barbara;
his son, Billy; his grandsons and other members of the family.
David Mizrahi, Hatan Bereshit
When asked to describe David Mizrahi in one word, most people used the term,
“mentsh.” His relatives, friends, and people who have served on committees with David
all agree that he is an “upright, honorable person; someone of consequence; someone to
admire and emulate.”
David has been a long-standing and active member of the Center Board. As chairman
of the Religious committee for the last six years, David has handled issues with sensitivity
and diplomacy. He is responsible for the distribution of the synagogue honors on Shabbat
and holidays and oversees the daily minyan. David works closely with Rabbi Gaffney and
synagogue lay leaders on issues relating to Jewish ritual, worship and synagogue practice.
Born and bred in Jacksonville, David received his entire formal Jewish education at
the Center. As a teenager he held the distinguished position of Southeast Regional Presi-
dent of USY. It is no surprise that David is so involved. He comes from a long line of
presidents. His father, Ralph, is a past president of the Center as is his brother Charles;
his mother, Evelyn, is a past Sisterhood president.
We honor David for his dedicated service. Mazel tov to his wife, Judy; his sons, Steven, Ronald and Dennis; his parents,
Evelyn and Ralph Mizrahi; his brother, Charles and sister, Debbie and other members of the family.
Barbara Safer, Woman of Valor
While some people are content to watch the passing parade, Barbara Safer insists
on marching in it. Her involvement and dedication to enhancing Jewish life in Jacksonville
are evidenced by the many leadership roles she has held.
Our Woman of Valor has been involved in all aspects of Jewish life at the Center as
well as the Jacksonville Jewish community. During her tenure as Center Sisterhood presi-
dent, Barbara’s commitment to Jewish education and the advancement of women were
apparent. She encouraged women to become more knowledgeable Jews so they could take
more active roles in Jewish ritual. She served on the Education Committee, Adult Educa-
tion Committee, was a Kadima advisor with her husband Eliot, is a past president of the
Solomon Schechter Day School PTA, was Membership co-chairman for the Center and
continues to be a valued and active volunteer for all Center special events.
Barbara is a past president of Shirl-Li Hadassah and is Donor Chairman of River Garden
Auxiliary. On the national level, Barbara is presently a National Board Member of Women’s
League for Conservative Judaism, a recipient of Hadassah’s National Leadership Award
as well as the National Young Leadership Award for the Jacksonville Jewish Federation. She is also a Florida Branch
vice-president.
Her strength of character, organizational skills and tenacity to get the job done have made her a sought after leader
and committee member. There’s a saying around town, “If Barbara Safer is on the committee, it will be a success.”
We honor Barbara Safer for her loyalty to her synagogue, family and friends and for her dedication and commitment
to Jewish life. Sharing her honor are her husband, Eliot and sons, Morry and Mathew.
