101
SOLOMON
SCHECHTER
DAY SCHOOL
OF THE JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Willard Kennedy, Principal
Principal's Message
The Solomon Schechter Day School of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center exists today as the outstanding educational institution it is
because of the persistence and vision of the congregation and its leader-
ship, both lay and professional, throughout the years.
Beginning in 1961, families were attracted to a day school which
stood for intellectual excellence and Jewish tradition. The embryonic
school grew year by year with the support of Rabbis in the area, of laymen
who shared its ideals and purposes, and a growing number of gifted
and dedicated parents.
Upon this base, the school is entering its thirtieth year of serving
the youth of the Jewish Community.
One may ask, what sort of family sends a child to Schechter, and
why is their number growing? They may belong to a Conservative
synagogue, or an Orthodox or Reform one, or none at all. Some parents
are Rabbis, Jewish educators, or academicians, most are not. For the
most part, they are pulled by the attraction of the Schechter program
rather than pushed by dissatisfaction with local school conditions. They
are looking for quality education which takes the Jewish religious dimen-
sion of learning and growing at least as seriously as other aspects.
Schechter parents realize that intensely Jewish neighborhoods, where
the streets and store windows teach something about Jewishness, don’t
exist for their children in our community. They look to our school to
provide a sense of being comfortable with one’s Jewishness, and to pro-
vide a world where Jewish observance and Jewish seriousness are
normative.
The Solomon Schechter Day School looks back with gratitude to
all those who sustained it during the early years, are maintaining its
identity today, and look forward with confidence and enthusiasm to
the years ahead.
Evelyn Borstein
School Secretary
Kindergarten-Teachers-Mrs. Shirley Jemigan, Mrs. Linda Bush, Mr. Aui Perets. Front row, left to
right: Jonathan Spriggs, Ben Rogozinski. Second row: Alex Whitman, Alexandra Abramson, Melissa
Cushnir, Elizabeth Hecht, Laney Cohen, Dena Levine, Aron Smolley. Third row: Jeffrey Shenkman, Max
Talpalar, Dorian Bloom, Viktoria Goldnir, Joshua Appelbaum, Sarah Fraden, Sagee Smargon, Sholem
Palevsky. Not shown: Vladimir Dubovis and Rachel Matuson.
