Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center
The Solomon Schechter Day School Library continues
to grow and expand with the purchase of books through
the Solomon Schechter PTA Book-A-Bration program.
One thousand new children’s books were purchased
under the leadership of Edith Horovitz. These books have
been processed and placed on the shelves by the Ad-
ministrative Staff of the Henry Kramer Library Commit-
tee. A special book plate recognizes the donor. Books
may be dedicated in honor of teachers, friends, loved
ones, and to commemorate special occasions. Children
love the new books, and the Solomon Schechter Day
School meets the accreditation requirements of new
books.
New Judaica books and periodicals have been pur-
chased recently for the adult collection located in the
Tofield room. Efforts are being made to make the Library
a greater center of activity for the congregation. Center
membership contributions to the Library increases pur-
chasing of new books, videos, equipment, tapes, and
other Library resources. Appropriate recognition will be
given by placing book plates in the books.
The Sisterhood-Library Shabbat was observed dur-
ing Jewish Book Month with a Book Review and Oneg
Shabbat.
The Henry Kramer Library Resource Center has an
extensive book collection on many topics accessible to
all members. Find an opportunity to enjoy leisure reading
in the Tofield Room’s comfortable sitting area.
The collection is available for use by the congregation
thanks to the many hours of volunteer service by the
Library Committee.
Chairman: Minnie Schreiber. Co-Chairman: May
Goldie Stillman. Administrative Staff: Rebecca
Perlman, Esther Miller, Sam Berlin, Roselyn Selber, Blan-
che Slott, Anne Benjamin, Hilary Albert. Book Ac-
quisitions: Margo Crafton. Periodical Acquisi-
tions: Judy Mizrahi. Video Acquisitions: Edith
Horovitz. Sisterhood Liaison: Beth Shorstein. Adult
Education Liaison: Elaine Furman. Hebrew-
Yiddish Collection: Edward Tannen, Dr. Mandell
Stearman.
FLORIDA
PAPER
COMPANY
A DIVISION
OF
AFFILIATED
PAPER
COMPANIES
INC.
Bus. (904) 783-0040
Res (904) 733-2232
NATHAN C. SANDLER
SALES REPRESENTATIVE
P.O. BOX 37090
5636 WEST 5th ST.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32205
PHONE (904) 783-0040
Quality-Fast Service-Economy
swift-sign
Signs & Graphics
260-1952
Interior & Exterior Signs • Displays & Presentations
• Posters • Magnetics • Windows • Banners
• Computer Graphics • Trucks & Boats
• Screen Printing • Print Process
3491 Pall Mall Drive, #202, Mandarin
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
27
