Day School Resource Teachers
Rose Lynn Plotkiñ Terry Murphy
Resource Teacher RE. Instructor
Art Instructor: Patricia Beach (not pictured)
Brenda Wolchok
Computers
Edith Horovitz
Library Coordinator
Bar/Bat Mitzvah
Day School PTA
The Solomon Schechter PTA brings together parents, teachers, ad-
ministrators and students all working together with one goal — to better
our schools.
The PTA plays a significant role in providing much needed equip-
ment and materials for the Day School and Pre School. This past year
we concentrated our efforts on the playground equipment. A fitness trail
has been started with a goal of adding new stations to it each year.
KALEIDOSCOPE, a day devoted to the arts, continues to be an
enriching and funfilled day. This past year over 700 books were donated
to the Henry Kramer Library through our BOOK-A-BRATION program.
The PTA sponsored a theater program for the students in both schools.
THE SHABBAT BOXES continue to bring the learning home along with
“Your Child,” published by United Synagogue.
These programs are only possible because of our fundraising pro-
jects; magazine subscriptions, book fairs and candy sales
The PTA continues to be successful because of YOUR commit-
ment and help. I am looking forward to another great year.
LShana Tovah,
Jane Grann
Jane Grann, President
OFFICERS
President
Treasurer
Financial Secr’y
Day School
Pre School
Recording Secr’y
Correspond. Secr’y
Jane Grann
Carol Harrison
Nancy Mizrahi
Robin Shorstein
Margo Crafton
Randy Rogozinski
Center Choral Society - 1990
Choral Society Members: Raymond
Cohen, president; Pollie Copans,
secretary. The following members par-
ticipate in the choir for the High Holidays:
Celia Bressler, Gertrude Brown,
Raymond Cohen, Pollie Copans,
Cynthia Disher, Margaret Fleet,
Lois Gosa, Ira Grann, Dr. Randall
Haas, Ruth Jacobson, Rosalind
Klein, Henry Lasris, Clara Mann,
Marilyn Mass, Gail Meltzer,
Charles Mizrahi, Leo Moskovitz,
Peggy Organes, Natalie Osofsky,
Joan Puldy, Abba Safer, David
Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Anita
Solomon, Steve Solomon, Bar-
bara Spiwak, Cathy Wilensky,
and conductor, Judy Geller.
102
