Boy Scout Troop 14
Boy Scout Troop 14 had another memorable year in 1990-91.
Founded in 1919, Troop 14 is in its eighth decade of serving the
youth of our congregation and the community.
Troop 14 is dedicated to the lofty ideals of the Boy Scouts
of America. The program features regular camping and outdoor
activities, weekly meetings, personal advancement and projects
of service to others.
The year was filled with exciting outdoor adventures. The
scouts camped at the breathtaking Manatee Springs and Blue
Springs State Parks where the scouts enjoyed swimming in the
crystal clear waters and canoeing. The boys joined the Webloes
of Pack 14 at Boy Scout Camp Echockottee where all displayed
exceptional skills in the art of angling, much to their culinary
delight. The Troop joined other scouts from throughout North
Florida for a fun-filled weekend at Scout World while earning
recognition for a fine camping display. The energetic scouts visited
the pre-Civil War bastion, Fort Clinch, and completed the rugg-
ed, 16-mile Florida Historic Trail Hike in record time.
The year’s camping highlight was attending a week-long trip
to Camp Daniel Boone in the beautiful mountains of North
Carolina near Ashville. The entourage enjoyed white water raf-
ting, canoeing, mountain climbing, archery and riflery, though no
member of the troop participated in the 50-mile llama trek this
year. The scouts in attendance included: Ian Fiske, Greg Dacks,
Shai Smargon, Doug Weinstein, Michael Slonin, Brian Bell, Adam
Dean, Zack Hatfield, David Ayotte, Brian Usoff, Jeff Anchel,
Michael Edwards, Randy Echalico and Ryan Sussman.
The scouts camped at Walt Disney World’s Fort Wilderness
and visited the Magic Kingdom. The Scouts visited the Hillel
Jewish Student Center in Gainesville joining the University of
Florida students for Sabbath services and a Gator football game,
experienced the Florida State Museum and explored the unique
Devil’s Millhopper sinkhole.
The Beaver Patrol led by patrol leader, Morry Safer, was
awarded the first annual Harry I. Yergin Award for the Outstan-
ding Patrol at the Annual Blue and Gold Banquet. Brian Levine
and Morry Safer delighted the banquet audience with their hilarious
and creative presentation of Hans and Franz, as the madcap
strongmen of Saturday Night Live turned rappers.
ADULT LEADERS:
Committee Chairman
Scoutmaster
Asst. Scoutmaster
Asst. Scoutmaster
Asst. Scoutmaster
Asst. Scoutmaster
Sr. Patrol Leader
Asst. Sr. Patrol Leader
Patrol Leader
Patrol Leader
Asst. Patrol Leader
Asst. Patrol Leader
. . . . Steve Ussach
. Randy Silverberg
. . . Bill Wilensky
Harry Peltz
. . . David Kagan
. . . Dan Wilensky
. . . . Adam Dean
. . . Andy Ussach
.... Morry Safer
.... Bernie Echt
. . . Shai Smargon
Herschel Bettman
The performance of good deeds, mitzvot, is a fundamental
and common tenet of scouting and Judaism. During the past year
the scouts of Troop 14 served a special Thanksgiving Day feast
to the senior residents of Mt. Carmel Gardens. The Thanksgiv-
ing Day festivity has become an annual event enjoyed by young
and old. Later during the year, the scouts chipped in to collect
toys for needy children under the leadership and direction of An-
day Ussach, Assistant Senior Patrol Leader.
Congratulations to Andy Ussach who has earned, and been
approved by the Boy Scouts of America, for his Eagle Scout
Award. Andy chose to receive the award at a Court of Honor held
during Sabbath services at his synagogue, Congregation Beth
Shalom. Andy becomes the sixth scout from Troop 14 to earn
Scouting’s highest honor in the past several years. His proud
parents are Steve and Sheila Ussach.
Adam Dean provided outstanding dedication and leadership
as Senior Patrol Leader. Troop 14 was proud to welcome among
its ranks the following new scouts during the 1990-91 year: Greg
Dacks, Ian Fiske, Randy Echalico, Jeff Lin, Ryan Sussman,
Mathew Safer, Brian Toblin, Doug Weinstein, David Ayotte and
Zack Hatfield.
Troop 14 has an exciting and innovative schedule for the up-
coming year. Expected program highlights include a return to the
Boy Scout High Adventure Sea Base in the Florida Keys where
the scouts will enjoy snorkeling on the coral reefs abounding with
colorful sea life, boating and fishing; a weekend canoe trip; and
much more. The troop also hopes to send its first contingent to
Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico since 1985.
Troop 14 is for boys in grade 6 (or age 11) and above. Those
interested may contact Randy Silverberg at 398-0038(w) or
733 6649(h) or Harry Peltz at 737-0309.
CUSTOM JEWELRY
MANUFACTURERS
Josten Class Rings
YI>o6¿ott & Sett Guztam ^euteieu
NAT - FRANK
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIR
TOWN & COUNTRY
757 UNIVERSITY BLVD. N.
JACKSONVILLE, FLA 32211 WE BUY GOLD. ANTIQUE
(904) 744-1700 JEWELRY AND WATCHES
C. H. TURNER Phone 396-7044
WORTH B. TURNER
fURNER PLUMBING COMPANY
Repair work a Specialty
INSTALLATION & ESTIMATES
“All Work Guaranteed”
1903 HENDRICKS AVENUE JACKSONVILLE. FL 32207
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
139
