129
United Synagogue Summer Programs
Camp Ramah
Camp Ramah is a very special place where you not on-
ly learn about Judaism, but you also live it. Anyone who has
ever visited Ramah has been touched by the unique spirit
that grows there. Ramah offers a full range of camp athletic
and social activities in addition to its special blend of Jewish
cultural and social activities.
Over the years, RAMAH has helped instill a deeper com-
mitment to Judaism in many of its participants. The Center
believes that benefits accrue to the congregation, not just
to the individual. We have, therefore, more monies available
to reduce the financial cost of qualified students, regardless
of need. These monies are not part of the regular Center
budget, but rather are raised by donations to the Myra
Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, Center Sister-
hood, scholarships and from other donations made throughout the year.
Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish education purposes. With the full sup-
port of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never lost interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe Selber
Trust have been used to send campers to Ramah.
We are grateful to Horty Gendzier who coordinates this worthwhile program.
Ramah Campers: Elizabeth Baker, Katie Bettman, Ivy
Epstein, Emily Goldberg, Beth Grann, Aron Greenburg, Ari
Haas, liana Haas, Jennifer Marks, Josh Marks, Rachel
Mizrahi, Shira Morris, Mathew Safer, Lisa Schneider,
Elizabeth Sekine, Sarah Sekine, Heather Slavkin.
win
USY YEAR PROGRAM
IN ISRAEL
U$Y ISRAEL
PILGRIMAGE
Young Family Shabbat
Hundreds of families with pre-school children enjoyed many special
Family Shabbat programs. The service and program is designed to encourage
and welcome the spontaneous participation of the children.
Led by either Rabbi Gaffney or Rabbi Kentof and some teachers of
the Center pre-school, the 7:15 p.m. service includes songs, stories and Shab-
bat games. An Oneg Shabbat (reception) is held in honor of the children
celebrating birthdays during the month. Each month two grandparents are
also honored. These monthly Friday evening services have been an over-
whelming success and have been positive and enriching learning experiences
for the children as well as the parents. There were puppet shows, visits from
biblical heroes, stories and many other wonderful Shabbat experiences.
Jump on the bandwagon and bring your children for a very rewarding
experience that may help set a positive tone for their future Jewish obser-
vanee and education. For more information, call Robin Morris, 737-6705
or Madeline Hecht, 268-1818.
Goliath came to a Young Family Shabbat
and shared his side of the story. (Played
by good sport, Michael Overstreet.)
