159
NATIONAlBÉW COUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN
EDUCATION * SOCIAL ACTION ■ SERVICE
JACKSONVILLE SECTION. INC.
National Council of Jewish Women
NCJW 1991-1992 Slate of Officers
President Beth Shorstein
Established in 1893, the National Council of
Jewish Women is the oldest Jewish women’s
organization in America. NCJW has more than
100,000 members in 200 sections nationwide
that are active in the organization’s priority areas
of Women’s Issues, Jewish Life, Aging, Children
and Youth, Israel, and Constitutional Rights.
NCJW Jacksonville Section has been in-
strumental in developing and implementing
many significant programs in our community,
currently including:
Kosher Kart, Guardian Ad Litem, PACE (Prac-
tical and Cultural Education), Ship-a-Box, Israeli
Pen Pals, Telephone Reassurance, Mt. Carmel
Connection, and Women in Power.
Vice Presidents
Ways and Means
Administrator
Membership
Community Services
Public Affairs
Programming
Treasurer
Etta Drashin
Rena Schoenberg
Janice Meisel, llene Levenson
Stephanie Decker
Ellen Rosner
Doris Gross, Shelli Richter
Rena Pies
Corresponding Secy.
Financial Secy.
Recording Secy.
Social Secy.
Directors
Past Presidents
Margo Crafton
Jo Marks
Arlene Yegelwel
Gertrude Kramer, Carolyn Krestul
Lois Chepenik, Arlene Friedman,
Nancy Harris, Lenore Michelson,
Donna Palevsky
Marion Tischler, Leslie Adler
Organization for
Rehabilitation
Through Training
Women’s American ORT/
Jax Afternoon Chapter
Officers & Chairman
for 1991-92
Gertrude Kramer, President
Pat Berger, Vice President
Dora Fleet, Treasurer
Marjorie Stone, Recording Secretary
Stella Siegle, Corresponding Secretary
Mallie Rubenstein, Sunshine Secretary
Gertrude Kramer, Bulletin
Mildred Garber, Mail
For more information regarding this ex-
ceptional group of ardent ORT members.
Please call Gertrude Kramer 268-2554. We
meet the fourth Monday (regular) of the
month and the second Monday of the
month for our Board Meetings.
Zionist Organization of America
Jacksonville District
The Zionist Organization of America, Jacksonville District, continues
its more than 44 year old custom of encouraging the community to
plant trees in Israel. This gives a person a tangible way to experience
what Zionism is all about. Trees can be planted to commemorate any
occasion.
ZOA monitors activities in our nation’s capital, the White House,
Congress, and all other relevant agencies. Besides publishing The
American Zionist and ZOA Insider, there is the Zionist Information
News Service which provides a weekly news bulletin filled with vital
information not usually found elsewhere. ZOA Headquarters in NYC
serves as a cultural and educational center for Zionist activity in
America. ZOA has accepted the challenge of the Conference of
Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations to fight against
UN Resolution 3379 which equates “zionism with racism.”
ZOA is one of the few Zionist organizations with a constituency
whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel. To this end, young
leadership missions were organized, dialogues with Christian Zionists
established and cultural programs continued at ZOA House in Tel Aviv.
Renew your commitment to Israel by joining with us.
Officers: President, Alan Taffet; Chairman of the Board, Milton
B. Mann, MD; Vice Presidents: Membership, Henry Blumenthal; Fund
Raising, Sol Proctor; Education, Nate Krestul; Programs, Ina Taffet;
Recording Secretary, Leon & Lois Robins; Financial Secretary, Lil
Meizlik; Corresponding Secretary, Diane Greenbaum; Treasurer, Wendy
Honigman; Parliamentarian, Nathan Shmunes; Historian, Joseph
Honigman, MD; JNF Chairmen, Pearl Marton and Clara Mann.
Jacksonville District ZOA is proud to sponsor, in conjunction with
the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, a ZOA/MASADA Scholarship. This
fund awards scholarships to Jewish students of the Jacksonville
community.
