Jacksonville Jewish Center
• \ n *
BUILDING FUND DRIVE
Morris Wolfson
The past year witnessed the occurrence of an
epochal event in the history of the Jacksonville Jew¬
ish Center, when a campaign was launched to ac¬
quire funds for an extensive building program. The
impetus for the progressive move came from an an¬
nouncement at the annual meeting of the Center, by
Mr. Ben Setzer of a contribution of $10,000.00 to
initiate the drive.
A committee consisting of Abe Newman, chair¬
man; Morris Wolfson, Ben Setzer, Joe Becker, Jo¬
seph Hackel, Harry Gendzier, and Philip Selber
was immediately appointed to study the proposal
and to make a report to the Center Board. As a
result'of the committee’s recommendation, the Board
of Directors in March, 1945, overwhelmingly ap¬
proved the recommendation of the committee to
“continue its program established in 1926 to create
a complete synagogue center catering to the religi¬
ous, educational, cultural, social and recreational
needs of the Jewish community.”
The committee in its report stated: “We com¬
mend the institution for never having lost sight of
this objective, and for its action in attempting to
Newman
Ben Setzer
bring this desired program into effect. As condi¬
tions improved, the property adjacent to the Center
was obtained and the mortgage indebtedness of
$35,000.00 was completely removed. The founda¬
tion for further expansion was thus achieved and
the contribution of Mr. Ben Setzer has now made
the chances for fulfillment of such a program not
only possible, but probable.”
Since the endorsement of the program in Febru¬
ary, much work has taken place to acquaint the
general public with the needs and requirements of
the Center as to building facilities for the future.
A brochure is now being prepared under the direc¬
tion of Harry Broida, Secretary of the Center, to be
published early in the fall when the actual cam¬
paign for building funds will begin. The brochure
sets forth the history of the undertaking and the
general plans for the expansion. No decision is to
be made as to the location of future building facili¬
ties until such time as the actual plans are crystal¬
lized, since the conditions existing at that time will
determine the building site. Several large contribu¬
tions have already been indicated as being available
upon the inauguration of the forthcoming drive.
Page Fifty-eight
