Jacksonville Jewish Center
EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM
One of the most promising phases of the entire
Center progra mwas the expansion of its educational
system into a complete extensive program covering
all age groups in a year-around program. Up to sev¬
eral years ago, the system consisted merely of a
.'Sunday School and Hebrew School. During the past
three years a daily nursery-kindergarten and a sum¬
mer day camp were added to round out the pro¬
gram. Much remains to be accomplished in intensi¬
fying the curriculum and in integrating the various
^departments nito a single educational process, but
ithe principal framework for a system of intensive
'Jewish education has been founded.
HEBREW SCHOOL
The foundation of the entire educational pro¬
gram is the daily Hebrew School. Perhaps the
greatest achievement of the past year’s activity in
this department was the increase of the enrollment
from 60 to a total of 85 children at the end of the
year.
The students range in age from six to thirteen
and were divided into six classes. Emphasis in the
three elementary groups was placed on the teaching
of the mechanics of reading Hebrew and on the
fundamentals of the Hebrew language. In addition
to this curriculum, the three advanced classes stud¬
ied the early history of the Jewish people in story
form. The two higher classes also studied selections
from the book of Genesis and Exodus, with empha¬
sis being placed upon the content of the Sedras as
a whole and upon mastery of the more familiar pas¬
sages.
“KQLAYNU”
The children of the Hebrew School issued a
monthly paper, “Kolaynu,” in which appeared origi¬
nal stories, poems, quizes and editorials. “Kolaynu”
was edited by Joel Bressler, Gary Bloom, Helene
Zimmerman and Pearl Aronowitz.
JUNIOR CONGREGATION
The most important phase of the entire educa¬
tional program is the translation of the theoretical
program of the school into the practical experience
of everyday life. This is best accomplished through
the Junior Congregation. Beginning the year with
a congregation of five children, the attendance was
developed to an average of 35 regular congregants
on the Sabbath, with the total attendance on some
occasions exceeding 50. Services v/ere conducted by
the children themselves and were supplemented by
original sermonettes and stories on the portion of
the week. Kiddush was provided by parents of chil¬
dren who celebrated their birthdays and by the
Daughters of Israel.
In order to stimulate attendance at service and
Hebrew School a chart was kept of the attendance
record of every pupil, with over 30 children enjoying
theater parties for attaining a perfect attendance
record for at least ten weeks. Service ribbons were
awarded those learning specified brochos (bless¬
ings) and a Mogen Dovid pin to those who memor¬
ized passages from various prayers.
Special celebrations were held for each holiday
in the various classes and in assemblies. Of special
note were the closing exercises, at which each class
demonstrated the progress made during the year.
Prizes were awarded to the following for outstand¬
ing work during the course of the year: Pearl Aron¬
owitz, Lorraine Goldberg, Charles Haimowitz, Stan¬
ley Kantor, Franklin Selber, and Helene Zimmer¬
man.
The staff of the Hebrew School included Mrs.
Carl Alpert, principal; Mrs. Harry Abrams and Miss
Gertrude Meyerhoff, and Rev. J. Robin supervised
the preparation of the Bar Mitzvahs, as he has done
for tne past 14 years.
SUNDAY SCHOOL
The Sunday School consisting of ten regular
grades and two kindergarten groups completed a
year of continued progress. This one-day a week
school offers a ten-year curriculum in history, cus¬
toms and ceremonies. Twenty-seven children consti¬
tuting the largest graduating class in the history of
the institution were confirmed at impressive cere¬
monies held on May 20th, with Rabbi Solomon E.
Goldfarb delivering the confirmation sermon.
A special feature of the year’s work was the
introduction of inter-class competition in regular
Sabbath service attendance, in Sunday morning at¬
tendance and in Keren Ami (Social Service) contri¬
butions. The sixth grade, under the leadership of
Miss Eunice Davis, was adjudged the outstanding
class in the overall competition, with the Confirma¬
tion Class second. Bernard Heyman was declared
winner of the Hackel Trophy for the outstanding
school and the extra-curricular achievement of the
school.
Prizes in the Sunday School were awarded on
June 3rd as follows:
Grads Om: Prizes—Kenneth Chepenik, Ro¬
chelle Robin; Certificates—Henry Sobel, Sharon Sa¬
fer; Attendance—Marilyn Fletcher, Elaine Levin.
Grade Two: Prizes—Byron Selber, Elka Miriam
Block; Certificates—Charles Zimmerman, Lois
Sachs; Attendance—Ruben Mizrahi.
Continued on page 48
Page Forty-seven
