#
STICKING TO THE FACTS
By Rev. William C. Kernon, Director
Institute for American Democracy
People who hold “pet” economic and financial
theories—and want to see reforms made to corres¬
pond with them—ought to be prepared to champion
them on their merits—and on their merits only.
This would seem to be the just and common
sense aproach. But with the Fascists and pro-Fas-
cists it never is. Intent upon establishing their posi¬
tion by arousing hatred—of Jews first, and of oth¬
ers later—they never fail to introduce their anti-
Semitic technique when discussing financial and
economic maters. This is particularly true when the
subject is international banking.
Now, international banking may or may not be
a good thing, a sound thing. No doubt, there is a
lot to be said on both sides of the question. Sincere
and reasonable men should be able to discuss it on
its merits. But not the Fascists. Opposed as they
are to international banking, they cannot tell you
why without blaming the Jews for everything in the
system which they do not like. For, say they, the
international bankers are Jews.
The facts tell another story. According to Poor’s
“Financial Records,” Fiscal Manual for 1940, there
were in that year 362 directors and trustees of
banks belonging to the New York Clearing House
Association. Twelve of them were Jews. Not one
Jewish director or trustee was in the Bankers Trust
Company; the Bank of New York; Central Hanover
Bank and Trust Company; Chase National Bank of
the City of New York; Chemical Bank and Trust
Company; Continental Banking and Trust Company
of New York; Corn Exchange Bank and Trust Com¬
pany; Federal Reserve Bank of New York; First
National Bank of City of New York; Guaranty
Trust Company of New York; Irving Trust Com¬
pany ; and Title Guaranty and Trust Company.
True, there are some Jewish banking firms in
the investment field. But they do not have the pow¬
er that non-Jewish firms have. The records as of
March 1, 1935, for example, show that non-Jewish
firms made the largest percentage of outstanding
t-
foreign loans: J. P. Morgan, 19.87%; National City
Co., 11.71%; Chase, Harris, Ferver, 8.45%; Guar¬
anty Company, 6.88%; Banc-Amerika-Blair, 6.18%;
Lee, Higginson, Co., 4.23%. The highest Jewish
firm was Kuhn, Loeb & Co., with 2.88%. Not an
impressive record in banking so far as the Jews are
concerned. Even less impressive when you consider
that the so-called Jewish houses are not exclusive¬
ly Jewish.
The story is the same in Great Britain. Not a
Jew on the Board of Directors of the Bank of Eng¬
land—not a Jewish firm even represented on the
Board. Only three Jews out of 150 directors of the
“Big Five”— and not one Jew a director of the
other Clearing House Banks.
In Germany, in 1940, Jewish influence was
strong in only 10 of the 1,657 joint-stock banks. In
France, before the war, non-Jews headed the five
lagest commercial, and the two largest investment
banks.
Americans believe in justice. And Americans
who hear false charges about the Jews and the evils
of international banking ought not only to know
the facts. They ought to serve the ends of justice
by answering with the facts.
Third Annual Lyceum Series
Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
Nov. 13, 1945—Celia Adler, noted dramatic artiste
Dec. 4, 1945—Dr. Joachim Prinz, dynamic pulpit orator
Jan. 15, 1946—Irving Davidson, Jewish wit and raconteur
Feb. 5, 1946—David Putterman, lyric tenor and Victor artist
Mar. 5, 1946—Delakova and Berk, internationally famous dance team
These are all Tuesday evening events. Please note dates carefully.
Season tickets will be placed on sale very soon.
Page Six
