Jacksonville Jewish Center
t
■
RELIGIOUS ACTIVITIES
The Center occupies an unusual position in of¬
fering- religious facilities for both the orthodox and
conservative elements of the community.
ORTHODOX SERVICES
For these orthodox adherents, the institution
maintains a separate congregation on the High Holy
Days, featuring strict adherence to the orthodox
type of service, including segregation of sexes. It
also maintains a year-around cycle of orthodox serv¬
ices, such as the early Friday evening service (Kab-
ala Shabbas) and all holiday services. It has also
aided the orthodox group in all of its endeavors to
promote a more intensive type of orthodox adher¬
ence.
■)
')
)
c'
j CONSERVATIVE SERVICES
q On the other hand, while catering to the needs
of orthodox Jewry, the Center has with the same
interest and vigor continued to develop a conserva¬
tive type of service for those desiring this trend in
worship. As a result, late Friday evening services
have been developed into the most successful phase
of the year-around religious activities of the Center.
During the past year, in the absence of a permanent
Rabbi, a number of guest speakers have occupied
the Center pulpit on Friday evenings, including the
following: Chaplain Earl Stone upon his return from
overseas duty, Chaplain Isaiah Rackovsky, Chaplain
Leo Stillpass, Chaplain Sidney Greenberg, Chaplain
Richard Singer, Rabbi David H. Panitz of Syracuse,
New York, Rabbi Maurice Solomon of Kansas City,
Rabbi Uri Miller of New Orleans, Rabbi Aaron Wise,
of Schenectady, New York, Rabbi Sanders A. To-
field of Houston, Texas, Rabbi Solomon D, Goldfarb
of Charleston, South Carolina, Rabbi Henry B. Wer-
nick of Suffolk, Virginia, Mortimer May, President
of the Southeastern Region of the Z. O. A., Carl
Alpert, former Editor of the New Palestine, Student
Rabbi Benjamin Sincoff of the Jewish Theological
Seminary, and others.
Organizations participating in these services in¬
cluded the Zionist District, Hadassah, Young Juda¬
ean, Clubs, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, Daughters of
Israel, Junior Hadassah and A. Z. A. Melvin Margol
assumed the Cantorial duties connected with the
services and his splendid work and fine spirit of
cooperation throughout the year is greatly appre¬
ciated. Others who assisted in the rendition of the
services included Herbert Talisman and Harry Ab¬
rams. Several guest cantors appeared during the
course of the year, including the well known Cantor
Samuel Vigoda. J¡
SPECIAL SERVICES
Impressive Memorial services in memory of the
late President Roosevelt were held on Sunday, April
15th, in the Center Synagogue, with Rabbi Abraham
I. Rosenberg of Savannah conducting the services
and delivering the eulogy. On Sunday, May ig^-u
Thanksgiving services commemorating the Allied
victory in Europe were conducted by Chaplain Rich-
’ . ' * ,
ard Singer of Camp Blanding, Florida, who deliv¬
ered the principal address. On both occasions, Rev.
B. Safer participated, delivering the traditional “El
Mole Rachamim” in memory of the late President;.
The same prayer for those who had fallen in the
service of their country during the war was rendered
on the occasion of .the Thanksgiving services.
• - m
CONFIRMATION SABBATH
An innovation in the nature of a Confirmation
Sabbath was added to the regular religious observ¬
ances of the year. On the Friday evening preceding
the Confirmation exercises, the entire service was
conducted by members of the class with four mem-
bers, Harry Yoffee, Bernice Margol, Harold Haimo-
witz and Idlene Portnoy delivering short sermons.
On Saturday morning the male members of the class
were called to the Torah, with one member of the
class, Bernard Heyman, delivering the class sermon.
All of the holidays were fittingly observed
throughout the year and the daily minyon was main¬
tained.
(Continued on page 5 7)
Page Fifty-five
