• •
The President’s Message
Though the trials and hardships that accompany the
discharge of our official duties as officers of the Center
oftimes seemes to far outweigh the satisfaction, secured
from a duty well performed, it is with a sincere feeling
of gratification and pleasure, that we look back on the
accomplishments of the Jacksonville Jewish Center dur¬
ing this past year.
The concrete evidence of progress nevertheless is in
itself sufficient reward. The launching of a build¬
ing drive, with an initial contribution of $10,000.00
from one member, and promise of support from many,
many others—complete renovation of our present build¬
ing—purchase of a new cemetery plot to take care of
some future generations—increase of Hebrew school
enrollment to over 85 regular attenders—election of a
capable, energetic, experienced young leader in Israel,
Rabbi David H. Panitz, to the spiritual leadership of
the Center—selection of a very capable musician, Rev.
Harry Bettman as Cantor—inauguration of a Day Camp
which exceeded our fondest dreams and which had an
attendance of over 60 campers during its 8 weeks ex¬
istence—the maintenance of our fine, loyal staff in the
Hebrew school—the organization of a Center Men s
Club, long a vital need of the Institution—the conclu¬
sion of the year without a financial deficit—the financing
of the coming year’s budget assured through a gener¬
ous response from the members who have eagerly in¬
creased their dues schedule—preparations in process of
completion for the launching of an intensive drive for the
Building Fund immediately after the High Holy Days—
development of a Junior Congregation with an aver¬
age attendance of over 25—reorganization of a Center
Library and other fine work by the Daughters of Israel
,—and above all, a year of constant study and delibera¬
tion of the problems of the institution and its future
iieeds and course of development.
In the message of the President contained in last year’s
Year Book, it was stated that the greatest step forward
yet taken by the Jacksonville Jewish Center was its de¬
cision to expand its activities in order to become a true
Center in the literal sense of the word. That we have
fulfilled the first phase in the achievement of this goal
cannot be denied by any one familiar with the real
accomplishments of the Center during the year. The
spirit of harmony that has been developed between all
groups will enable us to achieve even more during the
coming year, especially so because a complete profes¬
sional staff has been secured. If the membership is willing
to work, greater achievements can be attained.
The Center needs new leadership to add to its present
loyal leadership, men who will be willing to sacrifice
and be capable of work so the Institution may prosper
and grow. It is hoped that some of this leadership will
fc>e derived from the newly formed Mens Club. Many of
PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
HARRY GENDZIER
President
you, who have not been active should enlist under the
Banner of the Mens Club that you may furnish much
needed assistance in the promotion of the entire Cen¬
ter Program.
The New Building Program, details of which are con¬
tained elsewhere in the Year Book, is a tremendous
undertaking. The membership of the Center is financial¬
ly able to provide the building facilities needed by the
community. However, the forthcoming drive can only
be a success if the entire membership is willing to work
towards its success.
In conclusion may I state, that it has been a pleasure
and privilege, as well as a high honor to have served the
community for a second term as president of the Center.
My task has been eased, and many accomplishments
made possible, only through the contribution of time
and effort by those who so willingly and successfully
worked with me for the welfare of the Institution. To
these loyal workers I extend my deepest thanks.
May the coming year bring us closer to the realiza¬
tion of our cherished hopes and aspirations for the wel¬
fare of our people. May God grant us permanent Peace
this coming year and bring home to us the sons and
daughters now serving with the Armed Forces. May
God grant to each of us a happy, healthy and prosperous
New Year.
HARRY GENDZIER, President.
Page Thirty-three
