Miss Heidp Meyer
Junior Hadassah
Officers
President
Yiee President
Heidy Meyer
Charlotte Rose
Gertrude Meyerhoff
Sylvia Petty
Vice President
Vice President
Corresponding Secretaires •
Ruby Baker and Doris Pineberg
Recording Secretary . Ethel Gruber
Treasurer ..... Marcia Lipsit
The outstanding Zionist youth organization in America is Junior Hadassah. Its 250
chapters have made great strides in bringing the message of Zion to its young women. Real¬
izing the critical time in which they are living, members of Junior Hadassah have determ¬
ined to devote themselves to the defense of America, to helping the allied nations and to the
building of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. By conducting this joint Palestinian and Amer¬
ican program, Junior Hadassah contributes daily to the war effort.
I
Junior Hadassah is solely responsible for the children’s village of Meir Shfeejah, which
has received a number of refugee children through Youth Aliyah. Through the Jewish Na¬
tional Fund, it is increasing the purchase of land for the setlement of more refugees and to
raise more food for the allied nations. The Henrietta Izold School of Nursing is supported
jointly by the Junior and Senior Hadassah. Another important phase of the Jewish National
Fund and for Youth Aliyah.
The Jacksonville unit of the organization, under the leadership of its officers and the
guidance of Senior Hadassah, has participated in all of these projects. It has sponsored its
annual Yom Kippur Dance, offered a “Baby-Sitters Service,” participated in J. N. F. box
collections and its members have also acted as waitresses at several community functions.
The organization has sponsored a number of U. S. O. Jewish Welfare Board affairs; it has
cooperated with community council. Leading Young Judaean clubs and participating in Fri¬
day night services are among its activities of the year.
The social events of the year included a membership drive highlighted by a buffet supper
and cocktail party, a brilliant Donar affair and also served several informal wiener roasts.
The year’s activities were culminated by an “Installation Party.”
The educational program of the organization fosters an understanding and appreciation
of Jewish life, its rich cultural contributions to civilization and the contemporary ideals that
motivate Zionism. Through the study of vital current events, history, and lives of great
figures in Judaism and the celebrations and observance of holidays, a pride in things Jewish
is founded. Moving pictures, dramatic skits, music, discussion groups, and lectures, are med¬
iums through which education is disseminated. The educational program is the foundation
upon which the organization is built; it is the basis of plans for the coming years. It is with
earnest anticipation that the unit looks to the future for continued success and progress.
Page Eighty-seven
