Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
1945 Beneficiaries (Continued)
YESHIVOTH—Six miscellaneous American yeshivoth, training students for the rabbinate along
traditional orthodox lines, derive funds from the Community Council campaign.
YIDDISH SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTE—Records, analyzes and publishes materials related to
Jewish life and trains students for Jewish research.
AMERICAN JEWISH CONFERENCE—Aims through joint consultation to arrive at decisions
affecting problems of rescue, post-war reconstruction and Palestine.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR JEWISH EDUCATION—Stimulates coordination of Jewish
educational facilities.
AMERICAN ACADEMY FOR JEWISH RESEARCH—-Fosters and promotes Jewish learning
and research.
DROPSIE COLLEGE—Offers graduate courses in higher Hebrew and cognate learning.
UNION OF AMERICAN HEBREW CONGREGATIONS AND HEBREW UNION COLLEGE—
Former stimulates Reform Judaism; latter trains for Reform pulpits.
Local and Regional Causes
ARMY-NAVY COMMITTEE (JWB)—Renders recreational, social and religious services to
Jewish men in uniform in the Jacksonville area.
FLORIDA STATE STUDENT UNION—Helps to make possible Bnai Brith Hillel activities on
Florida campuses.
HEBREW ORPHANS’ HOME—Located in Atlanta, this institution cares for dependent and
destitute children of the Southeastern area.
PUBLIC RELATIONS COMMITTEE—A specific activity of the Community Council, this com¬
mittee works toward effecting better relations between the local Jewish and non-Jewish
community.
TRANSIENT FUND—Gives financial assistance to religious itinerants passing through Jack¬
sonville.
BNAI BRITH YOUTH COMMISSION—Coordinates the activities of these Jacksonville groups:
Bnai Brith Girls, Bnai Brith Young Women, AZA and Bnai Brith Young Men.
JACKSONVILLE ROUND TABLE—Aims to create better inter-faith relations between Chris¬
tians and Jews.
Jacksonville Jewish Community
Council
During 1945, the Council continued its growth at
a phenomenal rate. The annual campaign raised
over $130,000, the highest amount in its history.
This represents a per capita giving that probably is
not excelled by any Jewish community in the
country. Workers in the 1945 campaign were
greatly heartened in their efforts by an announce¬
ment of profound importance. Under the will of the
late Mrs. B. S. Levy, probated in December 1944,
the Jacksonville Jewish Community Council was
named as one of seven beneficiaries of the Levy Me¬
morial Fund. In accordance with provisions of this
bequest, the Council will share equally with six other
organizations in the rents accruing from the build¬
ing occupied by Levy’s. The bequest is in perpetuity.
No restrictions are imposed in the will, other than
that the money is to be ueed by each of the agencies
for charitable purposes. The amount of the income
accruing to the Council will fluctuate with business
conditions; it will run into many thousands of dol¬
lars over a period of years. The first income will be
available during 1946.
The generosity of the late Mrs. Levy was doubly
important because it marked the first time in the his¬
tory of the Jewish community that anyone be¬
queathed a sizeable sum of money to any Jewish
agency. Furthermore, it constituted a recognition of
the Community Council as the responsible central
fund-raising and planning body of the Jacksonville
Jewish community. The effects of this bequest will
make themselves felt in the years to come, in im¬
proved local services, to which the proceeds of the
fund will be devoted. The bequest also may set a
precedent for other local donors to follow.
ASSUMING ADDED PROGRAMS
In describing the history of the Jewish Commu¬
nity Council usually the fund-raising has been
stressed to a degree which is not entirely justified.
The gathering of money for the various educational,
philanthropic and religious institutions should be but
one phase of organized Jewish life. It is a most im¬
portant phase, of course, for without it other com¬
munity activities could not be pursued. There are,
however, many other facets to community organi¬
zation.
Since 1943 the Council gradually has been taking
on more and more of the functions which a true com¬
munity council must assume. These embrace all
areas of Jewish life which are properly the concern
not of any particular group, but of the community
as a whole. Whatever gaps exist in general com¬
munity planning should fall within the scope of the
Council. Sometimes they may be filled through the
Page Seventy-five
