Jacksonville Jewish Center
BUILDING FUND DRIVE
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR THE FUTURE
1. Synagogue. A synagogue capable of accom¬
modating 1,500 worshippers and decorated in such
manner as to make for reverence and beauty, more
so than do the present facilities of the Center. In
addition, a Daily Chapel, much larger than the pres¬
ent facility, so as to accommodate the Junior Con-
gregaton, as well as the daily minyon.
The present synagogue takes care of the seating
requirements of only a portion of the general mem¬
bership. At present, each member receives only two
seats regardless of the size of the family, which
negates the principle of family worship, thus setting
the child apart from the parent. The present syna¬
gogue is not decorated in the manner that would
promote the greatest reverence, nor is it conducive
to the evolution of a more decorous service.
2. Auditorium. An auditorium capable of seat¬
ing at least 750 persons and equipped to serve 600
persons at a banquet. Also to be equipped with ade¬
quate kitchen facilities, stage equipment, motion
picture equipment, cloak room accommodations, etc.
The present auditorium has shown itself on a
number of occasions to be inadequate for the pres¬
ent needs of the community, much less its utter in¬
adequacy for the future. All social affairs such as
dances, banquets, carnivals, etc., have been greatly
hampered by the present capacity of the auditorium.
Unless this is remedied with larger facilities, the
Center will be unable to cater to future social and
communal affairs, but will witness the removal of
those activities to other accommodations. It is an
accepted fact that the present stage, kitchen and
cloak room facilities of the Center are grossly inade¬
quate even for today’s needs.
3. Educational Facilities. A modern educational
building to care for at least twelve classes in session
at one time, equipped with modern facilities so as
to provide for the needs of a Sunday School of 300
to 400 pupils, a Hebrew School of 100 to 150; a
daily kindergarten of from 50 to 75 children; and
a Day Camp of 100 to 150 children, providing such
accommodations as proper offices for principal and
teachers, library, storerooms, etc.
Holding of classes in lobbies, the kitchen, audi¬
torium, ladies’ rest room, synagogue, and daily
chapel can not possibly contribute to the develop¬
ment of a good school, yet this is the present situa¬
tion. The figures given above as requirements are
minimum ones for the development that can be ex¬
pected in the next 25 years, which number of years
is the minimum that can be used in the planning of
future facilities. If Jewish education is to be suc¬
cessful, then the facilities for its development must
be extensive.
4. Recreational Facilities. To include a fully
equipped gymnasium, swimming pool, and all other
necessary facilities for a complete athletic program,
for lounging and organizational activities, and for
all types of recreational activities.
If our Jewish education proposes for youths and
adults is to succeed, there must be stressed the domi¬
nant characteristics of Judaism as a way of life. To
make Judaism attractive, then facilities for every
adult that can be incorporated into the individual’s
daily living should be provided by the ewish insti¬
tution. Especially is this true of the needs of the
youth, who should be able to find his every desire
and requirement within the confines of the syna¬
gogue, whether it be his Hebrew instruction, arts and
crafts, athletics, or cultural activities. The Center
Day Camp is an excellent example of this integra¬
tion of all activities into a Jewish way of life. This
entire reasoning is merely a restatement of the tra¬
ditional role of the synagogue as a place of worship,
study and of assembly.
5. Building Utilities. Such facilities as ample
storage space, executive offices, rest rooms, etc.
Anyone familiar with the present facilities of the
institution as to storage and office space is well
aware of this urgent requirement in any future
building developments. An institution must have
adequate office space for its staff. It must have suf¬
ficient storage space for its equipment and adequate
rest-room facilities for the use to which it is put.
Page Fifty-nine
