Some Facts About the Jewish Calendar
Though the daily life of the Jew is guided by the civil calendar, for religious purposes we
have our own calendar.
N
There are several reasons why the preservation of the Jewish calendar is of the utmost im¬
portance. First, it is an ancient legacy of the Jewish people and it links us to its past. The great
events of Jewish history are identified by their Hebrew dates. Second, the Jewish calendar is
essential for the correct determination of the Jewish festival dates. As long as there is Judaism,
which includes the observance of the Jewish festivals and ritual, so long will it be necessary to
preserve and perpetuate the Jewish calendar. Third, the Jewish calendar gives a distinctive char¬
acter to the Jewish people. Every people and every religion develops its own form by which it can
be identified and which gives it uniqueness. The Jewish calendar gives this identity and unique¬
ness to the Jewish people.
The calendar in common use throughout the western world is based on the sun. The Moham¬
medans, however, base their calendar upon the phases of the moon. The Jewish calendar is a com¬
promise between the two, and is based both upon the sun and upon the moon. The months are
reckoned according to the moon (12 months of 29*4 days each), and the year according to the sun.
In order to take up the extra eleven days (since the moon year has 354 and a sun year has 365
days), a whole month is added to the calendar in a leap year. Every second or third year there
is an extra month which is called “Ve-Adar” and Adar.
The Jewish calendar is a very old one and its history is very obscure. We do know, how¬
ever, that in ancient times the Jews determined the month, year, and festival entirely by the tes¬
timony offered that the moon had appeared and had been seen. The Sanhedrin was given the au¬
thority to hear this testimony and through it to establish the beginning of the month, the intercal¬
culation of the calendar, and the dates of the festivals. At first the New Moon was announced
through the lighting of fires on hilltops. Later, messengers were sent out to proclaim the date.
However, since it took time for these messengers of the Sanhedrin to announce the New Moon to
communities outside of Palestine, it was decreed that these communities were to observe the fes¬
tivals for two days instead of one. This added day was called “The second holiday of the Dia¬
spora.” An exception was made in the case of Yom Kippur, which, because of the hardship of
fasting could not be prolonged. Rosh Hashonah was observed for two days even in Palestine be¬
cause it was also the New Moon, the first day of Tishri. In still later times, the astronomical cal¬
culation of the calendar became so precise that the practice of hearing witnesses about the ap¬
pearance of the moon was discarded. Despite this, the second day of the festival in the Diaspora
is still observed by Orthodox and Conservative Jews.
Some of the Jewish months have 29 days and some have 30 days. The 30 day months have
two days Rosh Chodesh (beginning of the month), but the first day of the new month begins with
the second day of Rosh Chodesh.
In order to complete the adjustment of the lunar with the solar calendar the months of Hesh-
van and Kislev are irregular in length, sometimes having 29 and sometimes 30 days.
This adjustment also prevents the Day of Atonement from ever occurring either on a Friday
or on a Sunday, so that the preparation of food may not be disturbed because of the immediate
proximity of a Fast Day to the Sabbath.
The Jewish day begins at sundown and ends the following sundown. Shabbos therefore begins
at sundown Friday night, and Friday is called “Erev Shabbos,” the eve of Sabbath. Holidays begin
at sundown of the day before the first day of the holiday and the day called “Erev Yom Tov,” the
eve of the holiday. In order to be certain that the Sabbaths and holidays are properly observed,
it is essential that the candles be kindled at least 15 minutes before sundown.
The Jewish calendar appearing in the following pages is arranged according to the civil cal¬
endar. In the upper right hand corner of each month are the names of the Hebrew month corre¬
sponding to the English month in the upper left hand corner.
Page One hundred twenty
