JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
MEN’S CLUB
Filling a long felt gap in the Center organization,
the Jewish Center Men’s Club came into being on
April 17th at an organizational meeting held in the
Center auditorium. Rabbi Sanders A. Tofield of the
Congregation Adath Yeshurun of Houston, Texas,
the principal speaker for the occasion, outlined a
suggested program for such a group.
The following temporary officers were elected
to serve until the election of permanent officers to
be held in the early fall: Nat Shorstein, President;
Julius Levin, Maurice Haimowitz, Max Backer, and
Herbert Sandler, Vice-Presidents; Roland Krantz,
Secretary, and Joe Krestul, Treasurer. A Constitu¬
tion was adopted at the June meeting, membership
dues collected and a suggested program of activity
decided upon.
THE PROPOSED PROGRAM
As an Auxiliary. To furnish the manpower for
many of the Center projects, such as membership
contacts, religious activities, education projects, etc.
As a Reflector of the Will of the General Mem¬
bership. In this organization could be found the
means for an expression of the sentiment of the gen¬
eral membership of the Center as to the administra¬
tion of the entire Center program. Through this
medium, those responsible for the administration of
the Center could employ the Men’s Club as a “sound¬
ing board” of the reaction of the general member¬
ship, while at the same time, being able to inform
the membership as to the necessity and desirability
of action taken or about to be taken. In addition,
many phases of the work now undertaken by the
Board of Directors of the Center could be delegated
entirely to the Men’s Club.
Youth Work. To furnish leadership and direc¬
tion to the youth groups directly and indirectly spon¬
sored by the Center. The attention of every Jew
today is focused on youth work as the focal point of
all activities designed to perpetuate Judaism. The
system of youth groups now found at the Center is
as important for the proper education of Jewish
youth as is the more formal system of the Hebrew
School, Sunday School, Day Camp and Nursery-Kin¬
dergarten. The Men’s Club, in this field, has a tre¬
mendous opportunity to serve such groups as the
Cub Pack, the Boy Scouts, A. Z. A., Young Judean
groups, Girl Scouts, B’Nai B’Rith Girls, etc.
Religious. To become the leading factor in a
movement to improve the religious services of the
Center. The Men’s Club could become the forum for
the discussion of contemnlated improvements in the
religious services offered by the institution. It, too,
could furnish the manpower needed for rendering
proner ushering at all services, for developing choirs
and choral groups, and for the promotion of attend¬
ance for services.
Educational and Cultural. To be the leader in
the development of a program of adult Jewish edu¬
cation, so vitally needed at the present time. The
Men’s Club has an excellent opportunity to furnish
to the general membership general cultural activi¬
ties in the form of well planned programs for each
meeting. It could also assist and aid the overall Cen¬
ter educational program for children in various
ways, such as awarding of prizes and scholarships,
furnishing additional facilities, etc.
Good Fellowship. To develop a spirit of good
fellowship and comradeship among the members of
the institution so as to give to the membership a feel¬
ing of “belonging” rather than the status of paper
membership or mere charitable contribution to a
cause. The Men’s Club could also serve as a means
of extending hospitality to new members and to pro¬
spective new members, especially to newcomers to
the city.
Recreational. To offer certain recreational fa¬
cilities and opportunities available under the limited
facilities of the present institution, for the Center
membership. As a goal for the future, the Club
could become the sponsoring group for all athletic
and recreational activities to be offered by the Cen¬
ter, when its proposed building program encompass¬
ing complete athletic and recreational facilities, is
realized.
Page Thirty-nine
