MESSAGE FOR ROSH HAS HON AH
September 8, 1945
Senator Claude Pepper, Florida
On the occasion of the 5, 706th New Year’s Day in
the recorded history of the Jewish people, I want to
extend greetings and to express my hopes for better
times to come, both for the Jews and for all people.
In the long history of the Hebrews, there have
been many periods of crisis, many tragedies, many
Unspeakable desecrations and desolations, and des¬
pite it all, a constant, ever-growing, ever-finer
spirit of solidarity among Jews and between Jews
and other progressive peoples of the world.
The enemies of the Jews are the enemies of man¬
kind, the enemies of civilization. On this New Year’s
day, we can look back over the past few years and
see another triumph of that solidarity in our world¬
shaking victory over the Nazi hordes.
How costly that victory has been we all know. But
it behooves those of other faiths to remember that
it was the Jews as a group who suffered most, who
bore the most woeful burdens, who lost most, in
achieving that victory
Yet the battle was fought by the United Nations -
the United Peoples - of the democratic world. The
struggle was won by the sacrifices of all races and
all faiths on the cruel battlefields, whether military
or civilian, of civilization against savagery. In the
ghettoes of Poland and the slaughter camps of Nazi
Germany, as on the Normandy beaches and along
the Rhine, men and women who loved liberty better
than death accepted that death to win that libertv
for their kind.
Today, let us look forward, rather than back. Let
us, Christians, Jews, Mohammedans, Buddhists,
Hindus, and all other believers in the goodness of
man and the perfectability of this world, unite as
human beings with but one aim: peace and security
for the world and the individual. Then together we
shall go forward and achieve that aim, united in the
brotherhood of our universal good will.
I do not want to think of this Rosh Hashonah as
only introducing a new year. I want to think of it as
introducing a new world, a world where man shall
live with man in friendship regardless of race, or
color, or creed, throughout all the new years to come.
The task we all face, the greatest and noblest task
that has ever confronte^ mankind, is to make the
promise of this new world come true. May the year
5,706 see great strides made in the accomplishment
of that task!
Ahood’s Fruit and Sandwich Shop
219 Julia Street
Phone 5-9888
Watermelon, Canteloupe Served — By Slice
Also We Pack and Ship Citrus Fruits
ECONOMY SERVICE STATION
B. ROSENFIELD, Prop.
Purol Products
Goodyear Tires
We Meet All Competition - Give Us A Trial
Corner State and Myrtle Ave. ~~ Phone 3-9186
Electric Appliance Company
FARNSWORTH PRODUCTS
26 West Duval Street
Jacksonville, Fla
GREETINGS
GREETINGS
ORIGINAL
BLUE RIBBON CLEANER
Gallespie Construction Company
SUITS 49c
Dresses 49c
220 West Church
Phone 5-3928
Inc. Since 1910
.... 875 Stockton Street ....
Try Our New Laundry Service
CONTRACTORS AND BUILDERS
All Work Guarantee-d
Phone 3-1907-W
Page Thirty-eight
