National Jewish Welfare Board
Army and Navy Committee
Officers
President Ira Stein
Vice President .... Mrs. Sam Weiss
Secretary .... Marvin Schulman
Treasurer ..... David Davis
IRA STEIN
Born of necessity, brought about by the existing national emergency, the Army and Navy
Committee of the Jewish Welfare Board was organized on February 6, 1941, and within a very
short time had arranged a program that would take care of the religious, recreational and so¬
cial neeas oí tne «lewisn men and women of the armed forces while on leave from camp.
Our committee, made up of representatives of all of the Jewish Organizations in Jack¬
sonville, has continued to serve the Jewish men and women of the armed forces by doing every¬
thing possible to provide them with the advantages and pleasures which they enjoyed in the
normal community iue which they left behind.
The religious part of our program has always been of the first importance. During the
High Holy Hays our ¿eiigious committee formulated careful plans for the reception of military
personnel. The first emphasis was on religious services, and secondly, on home hospitality.
During the r asso. er nondays our religious committee assisted in arranging for Congregational
Seders sponsored oy the Jewish Temple and the Jewish Center. A traditional Seder Service
was also hela at oamp Blanding for those men and women who were unable to leave camp.
This camp Seder was attended by 1,430 Jewish men and women and was conducted by Chap¬
lain iíicüaru onigui ci Camp Blanding.
Our Committee on Home Hospitality has continued to do a yeoman’s job in these difficult
times of rationing and lack of domestic help. The assistance of every Jewish family is urg¬
ently requested in carrying on this most important part of our program.
Our Social Affairs Committee, through the assistance of the constituent organizations of
the Jewish Welfare Hoard, continues to sponsor weekly dances and buffet suppers each Satur¬
day night and informal gatherings and luncheons on Sunday afternoons.
Through the extension program carried on at the YMHA the week end dormitory service
is of the utmost importance. Each week end approximately 75 Jewish servicemen are pro¬
vided with sleeping accommodations and morning breakfast. The YMHA also sponsors a Wed¬
nesday evening gathering each week, in addition to their other services and activities pro¬
vided for the men and women of the armed forces.
Mullís Poultry
Company
POULTRY AND EGGS
1247 W. Adams Street
Corner Everson
Phone 5-0491
Landau Drugs
COMPLETE LINE OF DRUGS
PRESCRIPTIONS
Oak and Barrs
Phone 7-5118
Keplinger, Inc.
INTERIOR DECORATIONS
DRAPERIES
UPHOLSTERING
VENETIAN BLINDS
17 Julia Street Phone 5-4134
Page One hundred
