BNAI ’BRITH YOUTH ORGANIZATION
Sol Proctor
COMMITTEE
Chairman
Co-Chairman
Co-Chairman
Mrs. Edith Galoob
Mrs. David Cowan
Mrs. Isadore Silverberg
Mrs. Sidney Brown
Miss Cecelia Springer
Miss Bernice Margol
Beryl Weinstein
Sol Proctor
Harry I. Jaffee
Ozeas Marcus
Mrs. M. J. Reiser
Roland Krantz
Clarence Gherlerter
Melvin Margol
Sam Bergman
Sam Greenberg
Harry Katz
David Davis
Cecelia Springer
After several months of preliminary organizational
efforts the B’nai B’rith Youth Organization of Jackson¬
ville has finally been set up as the overall group for all
B’nai B’rith activities.
About two years ago it was noticed that quite a few
young girls who were organized under various names
were consistently showing up at AZA conferences and
conventions. The Supreme Advisory Council in Wash¬
ington called a meeting to discuss this problem and the
outcome was that the B’nai B’rith Girls were organized
and charters for them were sent out to groups all over
the country. Their programs and plans were guided by
AZA directors. However, AZA and BBG did not take
care of girls from 18 to 25 or boys from 18 to 21. The
B’nai B’rith Young Women and B’nai B’rith Young men
therefore were organized. Instead of a Supreme Ad¬
visory Council a B’nai B’rith Youth Commission was
set up with BBYO councils all over the country to take
care of local needs.
With the help of Mr. Milton Cohen, assistant Director
from Washington, Jacksonville set up its BBYO, with
Harry Jaffe as chairman.
Today we have a very large group of AZA boys un¬
der the leadership of advisors Clarence Ghelerter, Ro¬
land Krantz, and Melvin Margol. Sol Proctor is presi¬
dent of AZA. This group, as everyone knows, has a
long list of outstanding and memorable achievements
to its credit. The boys have worked very hard as indi¬
viduals and a group to make this one of the topnotch
chapters in the country. Today we can well afford to
be proud of them, for Beryl Weinstein, an AZA mem¬
ber, was elected national secretary of the entire AZA
organization.
Recently the first anniversary of the Jacksonville
B’nai B’rith Girls was celebrated. These young girls will
rise to the height of their activities in the coming season.
Bernice Margol is president of BBG. The BBG is open
to any girl between the ages of 1 4 and 1 8.
The newest addition to our youth group family is
the B nai B rith Young Women which was formed in
February, 1945. Girls from 18 to 25 have shown their
willingness and desire to work together by turning out
for active membership. As a new organization, BBYW
has made an excellent record, especially in its war ser¬
vice work. With the coming year, these young women
hope to make their record surpass that of the other
members of BBYO. Cecelia Springer is president of
BBYW.
Page Eighty-one
