The Foundations Have Been Laid
By Pierre Van Paassen
Both in Palestine and in America the foundations
have been laid; in Palestine the physical framework
of the Hebraic Commonwealth, in America the ideo¬
logical patterns of a great movement through the
fact that hundreds of thousands of Jews are ready
to help translate into action the ideal of Jewish
national regeneration. Moreover, the war has shown
one thing, something on which the Gentiles were
never in doubt, but which some Jews sometimes fool¬
ishly deny — namely this: that the Jews are not
merely a religious community of great antiquity
(they are that, too), but that they are also a people,
a people with a territory of its own, with a history,
with wars, dynasties, a civilization of its own and a
great epic literature which has moulded the thought
of half the civilized world. The peoplehood of the
Jews is an undeniable, tangible fact for all the world
to see and to reckon with.
For that civilization of the Jewish people, Juda¬
ism is again ready and willing, trembling in the por¬
tals of time, as it were, to become a contributing
factor to the sum total of civilization by operating
from a spiritual-national Jewish center in Palestine.
By the radiation of its life-giving energy, it will re¬
vive the drooping and withering Jewries in the Dia¬
spora and make them, too, contributing factors to
the civilization of the peoples among whom they
dwell.
SPIRITUAL FRAMEWORK READY
The spiritual framework is ready and in Palestine
the physical framework, the economic, social and
material framework has been set up to receive, ab¬
sorb and integrate vast masses of Jews, all the Jews,
in fact, who are at present in distress in the Euro¬
pean chaos and who, as the two international con¬
ferences on refugees showed, have no other place
to go on earth but their own land, Eretz Israel.
What is the world going to do about it? Will the
world let Israel live, or must he again take up the
wanderer’s staff and recommence the doleful jour-
new to and fro in this Christian world of ours, driven
from pillar to post, leaving an imprint of blood wher¬
ever his footsteps pass? Or will the world at last
end the scandal of history and — in the new era
which stands before the door now that the war for
freedom “everywhere in the world” has been fought
and won—also give the Jewish people its rightful
place in the sun?
THE ISSUE MUST BE MET
This issue can no longer be evaded. The fate of
the Jewish people can no longer be referred to the
Greek Calends. If the Jewish people do not get
their commonwealth in Palestine now, after all the
magnificent contributions they have made to the
victory of democracy and after the immense suffer¬
ing the Jews have undergone, what chance will they
have in years to come, when everybody will have
forgotten—and will want to forget—what was done
by Jews in the years 1939-1945?
The establishment of a Jewish Commonwealth in
Palestine is by no means a lost cause. It need not,
in HerzPs words, be a fairy tale if we will it—that
is, all who love Zion and who understand what the
establishment of a Jewish State means to the Chris¬
tian world and to the Jewish people in redemption
and regeneration. A mighty, superhuman effort is
now required. That effort will be made in the next
few months. A fire is going to be lit that will sweep
away and consume all obstacles in its path.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
Terminal Restaurant
QUICK SERVICE MODERATE PRICES
Opposite Depot
1027 WEST RAY STREET
A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS
NEW YEAR
Tupper Coal Co.
POCAHONTAS
MONTEVALLO
Riverside Viaduct
ANTHRACITE
REX — COKE
Phone 5-2841
Page Ten
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
Tucker Bros., Inc.
Real Estate
Property Management
Mortgages
331 W. Forsyth Street
Phone 5-5700
Estimates Cheerfully Given
E. L. Thomas Roofing Co.
Roof Painting and Repairing
RELIABLE — DEPENDABLE — COMPETENT
TINNER ROOFER
1034 E. Union Street
Phone 5-2862
