Jacksonille Zionist District
ANDRE BIALOLENKI
Officers
President
First Vice President .
Second Vice President
Secretary-
Treasurer
Advisor ....
Andre S. Bialolenki
Herbert Sandler
. Joseph Strauss
Harry Sobel
William Silverman
Harrv Katz
It is a common axiom that we learn to do by doing.
By the same logic we learn to live as Zionists by
thinking and acting as Zionists. Zionism in Jack¬
sonville is and has been a growing thing, and like
all growing things, it has learned slowly. But this
is a mature age, and the time has come for it to
assume the responsibilities of its maturity. In the
past year, strides were made, strides that were
meant to bring inspiration to itself, and to send forth
inspiration to others. Three Zionist officers attend¬
ed a three day Regional Convention in New Orleans,
Louisiana. On behalf of the organization which they
represented, and at their own cost, William Silver-
man, Harry Katz and Andre Bialolenki flew to New
Orleans to attend meetings, to listen to leaders, to
learn, that the cause might be perpetuated and en¬
hanced.
Pierre Van Paassen, world famous author and
lecturer on Zionist themes, was presented to Jack¬
sonville by the Jacksonville Zionist District at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Sunday, March 25, 1945.
The reaction was spontaneous and complete, and
many were enlightened with the truth of the neces¬
sity of our people for a homeland in Palestine.
The District had not made the comparative gain
in membership it had made in its Zionist ranks in
former years. Still there was some gain, and the
total enrollment began to stretch towards 300. This
is still short of its objective, but the road is long and
narrow, difficult with many detours of indifference,
hnawareness and prejudice, even among our own,
for enlightenment comes slowly and only with labor.
Zionist efforts towards the abrogation of the
White Paper continued. Efforts toward the increase
of the Jewish National Fund went forward with
greater vigor. The Jacksonville Zionist District add¬
ed its voice to the universal bereavement of men of
good will on the death of our beloved President
Franklin Delano Roosevelt. And when President
Harry Truman stepped into this great office, the
Zionists offered their prayers that he, too, might be
guided with the humane insight and profound judg¬
ment of the man who had gone before him, that
he might lead this country to victory and peace,
and our people to refuge in the land of our fathers.
The youth work was continued in Young Judean
classes meant to instill a sense of belonging and re¬
sponsibility in our young people who attended these
classes. During the course of the year Rabbi Arthur
J. Lelyveld addressed the Jacksonville Zionist Dis¬
trict on the meaning of Zionism and the need for
Palestine. Technicolor films on Palestine were ex¬
hibited to the membership. Harry Katz has served
and will continue to serve as liaison officer between
the American-Christian Palestine Committee and the
District. The District presented “Pop” Leiberman
with a Certificate in the Golden Book for his con¬
tribution to the Zionist cause. The District partici¬
pated with other organizations in the community in
honoring Rev. Robbins for his untiring efforts on
behalf of his people.
Compliments
GOLD COAST
PREMIUM BEER
Nichols Service Station
AND GARAGE
Be sure
with Pure
2003 Main Street at Tenth.
Phone 5-5970
Page Ninety-three
