Leon Shapiro
Young Men’s Hebrew Association
Officers
President ....
Leon Shapiro
First Vice President
Louis Wolf son
Second Vice President
Max Meyer
•
Recording Secretary .
. Harry L. Broida
Treasurer ....
Hyman Selber
Auditor ....
Robert Rieders
Sergeant-at-Arms
Joe Bartley
Acting Director
Mrs. M. J. Reiser
Board of Directors
Ben Chepenik
Eli Edwards
I. H. Edwards
Abe Diamond
Louis Goldberg
Isadore Greenberg
Sam Greenburg
Jack Goldberg
Pete Haimowitz
David Harris
Maurice Hollinger
Irving Levin
Morris Leibovitz
Harry Leff
Max Leitman
Marvin Schulman
William Silverman
Ira Stein
Herb Talisman
Sol Zavon
In the twelve-month period just completed, the Jacksonville YMHA
has demonstrated that it is an important, even a vital, factor in Jewish
community life. Of course, the YMHA has been, above all, of service
to members of the armed services, co-operating with the USO and
JWB to the fullest extent. During the first six months of 1945 sleeping
accommodations were provided to 1,726 service men, Sunday break¬
fasts to 1,061, and Wednesday night open house affairs for service¬
men were attended by 1,037 appreciative persons.
The many facilities of the YMHA have been during the past years
of war, and will be until the need is ended, devoted to servicemen, yet
the organization has been surprisingly active in other important re¬
spects. Particularly noteworthy was the bringing, under YMHA aus¬
pices, of Sammy Kaye and his “Swing and Sway” orchestra to Jack¬
sonville. The dance, held at the Armory on March 15, was, according
to best informed authorities, the most successful and best attended af¬
fair of its kind ever held in Jacksonville. More than $2,000 was netted,
the profits being held in escrow for future development of the YMHA.
Plans for bringing a Broadway production of a smash hit to Jackson¬
ville in November, and other attractions of high calibre, are already
in progress, part of a program devised for post-war expansion.
In June, 1945, a landmark—the old YMHA building—was sold, the
money also being held in escrow to be used only for YMHA building
and expansion needs as incorporated in the charter of the original or¬
ganization. Meanwhile, the present quarters of the YMHA have been
entirely renovated and redecorated, presenting an attractive environ¬
ment to which the Jacksonville Community is always welcome.
On February 15th, the new officers of the YMHA were honored by
a dinner dance at the Roosevelt Hotel, attended by several hundred
persons. YMHA officers, directors and members comprising almost
two hundred men, are pledged to a continuation of service to the com¬
munity now and in the future.
Page Eighty-three
