LETTERS FROM NOTABLES
ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA
1720-16th Street, N. W.
Washington, D. C.
August 2, 1945.
Mr. Harry Gendzier, President
Jacksonville Jewish Center,
Silver and West Third Streets,
Jacksonville, Florida
Dear Mr. Gendzier:
I am enclosing herewith a message from Dr.
Israel Goldstein in compliance with your request,
dated July 26. I trust that this will prove satisfac¬
tory for your needs.
Accept my kindest personal regards.
Sincerely yours,
Dr. Sidney Marks
The Jewish community of Jacksonville, in look¬
ing back over the past year, can well be proud of
the record of its achievements. It has contributed to
the intellectual, industrial and social life of the
community; has played an important role in the
war effort and has acquired an enviable record for
the hospitality it extended to the many Jewish
youths in the armed forces who have been stationed
in the city. I wish to extend to the Jewish community
on behalf of the entire membership of the Zionist
Organization of America and myself, best wishes
for the coming year and to express the sincere hope
that those of our sons and daughters who are serv¬
ing our country so valiantly be returned to us safely
and in good health.
As I travel through the mournful and devastated
wastes of Europe, it is obvious that upon the Jews
of America will fall a great share of the responsi¬
bility for the rehabilitation and resettlement of
those of our Jewish brethren who have been res¬
cued from the Nazi hordes. Some of these unfor¬
tunate victims may find it possible to return to their
homes. In many cases, return is not only impossible,
but fraught with dangers. Most of the survivors need
a home, a haven, and security. They need Palestine,
and Palestine needs and wants them. The task be¬
fore the Jewish people of America is clear: to aid
their European brethren in their great need, to re¬
habilitate them so that they can once more live in
peace and safety.
The new year brings with it new courage and
hope and new faith. May it also bring an upright,
honest peace and a renewed spirit so that the
peoples of the world can once again build the foun¬
dation of a better world.
State of Florida
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT
Tallahassee
August 2, 1945
Hon. Harry Gendzier, President
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Silver and West Third Sts.
Jacksonville, Florida
Dear Mr. Gendzier:
On behalf of your fellow citizens of Florida and
personally I want to offer hearty congratulations
on the patriotic and public spirited accomplishments
of the Jewish community during the past year. This
splendid record is a reflection of past accomplish¬
ments and a promise of greater and more fruitful
services in the future.
With every good wish,
Sincerely,
Millard F. Caldwell,
Governor.
Dr. Israel Goldstein.
Page Nineteen
