“Anti-Semitism Is Anti-Christian”
By the
Very Reverend Raimundo De Ovies
Dean, St. Philip’s Episcopal
Cathedral, Atlanta, Ga.
Easily recognized, Jews can be distinguished by
their physical appearance. They are short or tall,
fat or thin, curly or straight haired, “hook” or snub
nosed, dark or fair, and speak either with an ac¬
cent or with one. One Jew I know is a tall, well-
built, blue-eyed, typical German “Aryan”—in ap-
»
pearance; and I once knew a secretary, a young
Jewess, who was a petite blonde with a retrousse
nose, whose nickname was “Tex.” Of course, many
Jews do look like our popular conception of the
Jew; but so do some Irishmen look like Irish and
some Englishmen answer the stage delineation of
an Englishman. How many readers remember the
comedy, “So This Is London?”
“Jews are rich. They all make money,” we are
told; yet all the Jews in the United States probably
could not match the fortune of Mr. Henry Ford;
and in Georgia, it is obvious that the majority of
bankers or other financiers are not Jews. Some
Jews are wealthy and a few of them are very
wealthy; but when we read the roster of Americans
and who control oil, steel, railroads, chemical, tele¬
graph and telephone facilities, shipping, coal, plane¬
manufacturing and other essential industries, we
find very, very few top-ranking Jews. . . .
The Jews do not have the same religious be¬
liefs as orthodox Christians; but neither do the
Jehovah Witnesses or a dozen or more other Chris¬
tian groups; nor do orthodox religious bodies al¬
together agree among themselves. One of my friends
who became an Episcopal minister out in Texas,
learned his Christianity (which embraces all the
arguments for the divinity of Christ) from a rabbi,
the celebrated Henry Cohen of Cleveland.
I do not quite agree, theologically, with my
brethren who are Presbyterians or Baptists; but I
have no quarrel with them on that score, nor have
they with me. We hold each other in affectionate
esteem although each of us presents his own beliefs
to the best of his ability; so why quarrel with the
Jews over their belief, if it is sincere? God himself
established the Jewish religion, if my Bible means
anything at all.
I believe that the gospel is a more full and com¬
plete revelation of God’s purpose, but I cannot
prove it by Jew-baiting,” nor can anyone else.
Anti-Semitism is anti-Christian. Christians will not
be a party to it. We leave that to Hitler and his kind.
They All Helped Make America
By Augustus W. Bennet,
U. S. Congressman, 29th District,
New York
Most of the racial and religious animosities
which exist in our country would disappear if our
people had a better knowledge of American history.
Anti-Catholicism would not thrive on a diet of
pamphlets describing the laws guaranteeing free¬
dom of religion established in what is now Mary¬
land under the leadership of Lord Baltimore, a de¬
vout Catholic.
We would hear less about “Polacks” if Ameri¬
cans knew more of their debt to Thaddeus Kosciusz-
ko for his help to our Revolutionary armies.
Italians like Columbus and Cabot played a large
part in the opening up the New World, and another
Italian, Amerigo Vespucci, gave our hemisphere
his name.
•v
Every school boy has heard of Lafayette, but
how many give credit to a German, Baron Von Steu¬
ben, for making an army out of a rabble?
Scots like John Paul Jones, Irishmen like Gen¬
eral John Sullivan and, of course, people of English
descent like George Washington, all pitched in and
worked for the common cause. At a later period a
Swede, John Ericsson, and a part-Soaniard, Admiral
David Farragut. were to Drove the heroes of the
Union Navy in the Civil War.
Whenever permitted to do so, our Negroes have
cheerfullv borne their full share of the obligation of
citizenship both in war and in peace.
Least understood and appreciated of all, per¬
haps. is the role played by a Jew in keeping the
Continental Armv in the field. An occasional stu¬
dent knows of the heroic efforts of Robert Morris
to raise monev for that purpose — but who ever
heard of the eon a 11 v patriotic and effective work of
Havm Solomon? For a task which broke his health
and fortunes. Havm Solomon e*ot two vowiavds—
the knowledge that he had helped mi°*htilv to cre¬
ate a great new nation, and death in a pauper’s
grave.
Thev all wanted to help—white aud black, Jew
and Gentile, Protestant and Catholic, native and
foreign born. Thev all did heln. Their descendants
want to help todav. but too oHen thev find them¬
selves thwarted bv preiudice based on ignorance
of American historw Let us all pledge ourselves to
end that ignorance bv every possible me^nc? and to
bring into full membership all these peonies who
each have something of value to contribute!
Page One hundred nineteen
