The Jewish Quiz Box
By Rabbi S. J. Fox
Question: What is the origin and signifi¬
cance of the six-pointed Jewish Star called Mo-
gen David (i. e. Shield of David) ?
Answer: This hexagram, formed by a com¬
bination of two equilateral triangles, has long
been used as a symbol of Judaism in synagogues,
sacred objects, etc. This symbol is not men¬
tioned anywhere in the Bible or in Rabbinic lit¬
erature. The earliest trace of it was found on a
Jewish tombstone at Tarentum in Southern Italy
which is dated as the third century of the Com¬
mon Era. It is later found on coins and in books
of the 11th and 12th centuries. It was adopted
by the American Jewish Publication Society in
1873 and the Zionist Congress of Basel in 1897.
There are to be noted various opinions as to its
significance.
From some sources, the six points appear to
be the indication of God's presence within and
about each of the six extremities of the living
world (i. e. North, West, East, South, the Hea¬
ven above and the Earth below). There are
many such symbols of the omnipresence of
Deity such as the shaking of the Lulab in six di¬
rections. It is called the “Shield of David" be¬
cause it represents faithful Jewish optimism in
the coming of the Messiah (King David) who
is declared to have six attributes. Others re¬
late the six points on the star to the six measures
of barley that Boaz gave to Ruth (Ruth III, 15),
which the Talmud explains as the symbol of
the six great leaders in Israel that were to stem
from her, among them King David.
Question: What does the blue and white
Jewish flag represent?
Answer: Even though the use of flags are
of ancient origin, this particular type of banner,
i. e. the blue and white stripes with the Jewish
Star in the middle of it, seems to have its ori¬
gin shrouded in mystery. Most sources attribute
its first official assignment as the Jewish flag
to the first Zionist Congress in Basel, Switzer¬
land in 1897. There are some, however, that
date back to the days of the Hasmonoim as the
flag of the Maccabees. The color blue was orig¬
inally the color of the banner of the tribe of
Judah represented by a blue emerald set in the
breastplate worn by the High Priest in Biblical
times. The color blue also represents the sea,
the sky and heaven above and according to R.
Meir, resembles the “Chair of Glory" (i. e. the
throne of Deity—Menachoth 43b). White has
always symbolized purity and perfection. Ei¬
ther the symbol of Judah, the only known re¬
maining tribe, or the sign of heaven, set off on
the background of the “white" of purity surely
is a deserving representation of the ideal of
Judaism.
(Copyright, 1945, Jewish Telegraphic
Agency, Inc.)
Jackson Optical Dispensary
Prescriptions for Glasses Interpreted — Fitted —
Serviced Professionally . . .Broken Lenses Scien¬
tifically Duplicated with Instruments.
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
Jax Spring & Alignment Co., Inc.
“We Keep ’Em Rolling”
137 Jefferson St.
24 West Duval Street
Phone 5-0504
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
. Howard Feed Mills, Inc.
1801 W. 15th St.
PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
Page one hundred thirteen
