.y.c*>
mm*
Senior Hadassah
to
Mrs. Maurice Cherry
Officers
President
Vice President .
Vice President .
Vice President .
Treasurer
Recording Secretary .
Financial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Social Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Mrs. Maurice Cherry
. Mrs. Harry Katz
Mrs. Herman Klausner
Mrs. Felix Glickstein
Mrs. Mac Presser
Mrs. Lou Feigenbaum
Mrs. I. Edwards
. Mrs. Harry Sobel
Mrs. Sam Perlman
Mrs. Helman Setzer
Hadassah, the Women’s Zionist Organization of America, started in 1912 by Miss Henri¬
etta Szold, today functions in 500 communities, and has as its objectives and purposes: The
spreading of Jewish culture and Zionist ideals in America through Jewish education; the
maintenance of a health and medical system in Palestine; the support of the Rothschild-Ha-
dassah-University Hospital and medical school on Mt. Scopus; the support of Youth Aliyah
movement; and the redemption and development of land through the Jewish National Fund.
The Jacksonville Senior Hadassah Chapter sponsors a monthly education program, holds
an Oneg Shabbat gathering each month, and at each monthly meeting some special Hadassah
activity is presented by a committee chairman.
Through its Medical Organization Fund, Hadassah maintains a countrywide network of
public health and hospitalization, available to all the inhabitants of Palestine, regardless of
race or creed. After the outbreak of war in 1939, when transportation facilities from other
sources were not available, every type of drug required by the Hadassah Medical Center as
well as 100 other institutions which Hadassah services in Palestine, has been sent to the Holy
Land through the concerted efforts of the tens of thousands of Hadassah members in America.
The Child Welfare work includes the feeding of some 30,000 children daily through a
school luncheon system; a school hygiene program for an additional 75,000 children, 50 infant
welfare stations situated throughout the country, and an extensive vocational education and
recreation project.
As its share in the building of a homeland for the Jewish people, Hadassah is lending
aid to the Jewish National Fund by regularly assuming an annual budget. The invaluable
work of the Palestine Supplies Committee, which operates sewing circles, results not only in
the alleviation of the needs throughout the Jewish National Home, but also helps build and
maintain morale in these war days.
Through the Youth Aliyah movement, more than 11,000 refugee children have been saved
and rehabilitated, during the past 10 years. These young people have come from almost ev¬
ery country in Europe including Germany, Austria, Czechoslovakia, France, Belgium, Norway,
Bulgaria, Turkey, Rumania and Hungary.
In local war activities, many of the members of the chapter here participate in the various
phases of war work, Red Cross, blood donors, war bond drives, clothing collection for United
War Relief, and regularly entertain service men with dances and suppers.
Page Eighty-five
