Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
{Continued)
Council’s calling upon existing agencies to render
certain services not performed previously. Where
this is not possible, the alternative is for the Council
itself to undertake badly needed functions which no
other agency is in a position to carry out.
In line with this approach to community organi¬
zation, the Council’s new constitution, which has
been adopted by the majority of the Jewish groups
in the city, broadens its scope. It enables the Coun¬
cil to assume new responsibilities and implement
new activities of a community-wide character. Space
will not permit a full description of the new projects
undertaken during the past year. Mention therefore
will be made here only of three new developments.
ON THE AIR WAVES
A vital part of the Council’s efforts is supervised
by the public relations committee. In one area of
public relations, that of radio, the Jacksonville Jew¬
ish Community Council has developed something
unique. This is the weekly Commentator program,
now presented on Sunday at 12:15 p. m. over Station
WJAX. It has been described in detail in a leaflet
issued by the Council, entitled “Beaming the Mes¬
sage.” For that reason only a very brief summary
of these experiences is given here.
The public relations committee almost a year ago
felt the need of a weekly radio program, geared to
a non-Jewish public, to convey, through the medium
of news and a question box, information about Jew¬
ish happenings, personalities, customs and practices.
After a period of experimentation, a program was
developed which now compresses 2,500 words into
a weekly script of 15 minutes in length. After it had
been on the air for sometime, a poll of the listening
audience disclosed that better than one of every
three listeners of all four stations combined had his
radio tuned to the Jewish Community Council pro¬
gram.
The success of this program, the first of its type
presented anywhere in the country, has brought
many letters of commendation. Numerous local lis¬
teners submit questions to the Commentator, to be
answered during the question period. In over a score
of cities, community workers have indicated that
they, too, feel the need for a similar type of pro¬
gram. In discussing the merit of this approach to
Jewish public relations, one head of a national or¬
ganization commented: “It is valuable because we
need to multiply the devices that will trap and de¬
stroy false rumors and erroneous conceptions about
the Jew and his activities in American life.”
POPULATION AND WAR RECORDS STUDY
Throughout the years, no one ever has undertaken
even an elementary study of the Jewish population
in Jacksonville. Valuable data, in the form of let¬
ters, newspaper clippings and all the other items
that constitute the basis for community archives
largely have been lost to the Jewish historian of the
future. Even estimates of the size of the Jewish
group in Jacksonville have varied greatly. In 1937,
according to the American Jewish Yearbook, a local
estimate placed the number of Jews in Jacksonville
at 3,000. Yet, according to the 1944-45 edition of
the same book, the population is recorded as having
been 4,800 in 1937.
In the conviction that only a complete picture of
the Jewish group will provide a basis for intelligent
community planning, the Council initiated the first
Jewish population study, in May, 1945. Incidental
to the study, which is still in progress (June, 1945),
is the gathering of information for compiling the
war records of the Jacksonville Jewish men in serv¬
ice. This is important in order that there may be a
permanent record of their achievements, as a basis
for demonstrating the Jewish role in the war effort.
Beyond that is a more positive value—using the data
for future planning and the absorption of these men
back into the community.
SEMINAR
Jews cannot be intelligent about anti-Semitism
unless they themselves have an adequate under¬
standing of it. It is amazing how little some Jewish
people know of the elementary facts concerning
their own group. During the fall of 1944, as part
of its public relations program, the Council arranged
a six weeks’ seminar on the general theme “Anti-
Semitism: Its Causes and Cure.” A group of about
30 key people were invited to participate. The
course dealt with Jewish contributions to civiliza¬
tion, types of anti-Semitism, reasons for anti-Semi¬
tism and methods of tackling the problem. It was
hoped that this would be the means of indoctrinat¬
ing a number of people in problems of public rela¬
tions which daily confront the Jewish people.
The seminar was a success and evoked a great
deal of interest. The limited enrollment made pos¬
sible a full and free discussion, so that each person
could contribute his point of view to the sum total
of the group’s thinking. Originally it had been
planned to repeat the seminar several times, with
different people participating. However, these
plans did not mature. Campaign time rolled around
and no professional personnel was available to give
attention to the project. It is planned to continue
the seminar during the coming year, if the Council
can secure additional assistance, which is not now
available.
Page Seventy-seven
