The Jewish “Best-Seller”
By Rabbi Abraham J. Bick
The siddur is, to use a colloquialism, the “best¬
selling book” among Jews. Billions of sidurim have
been purchased since the first siddur was published
some one thousand years ago. The siddur has sold
better, and is more popular, than even the Bible and
the Talmud. It has enjoyed popular success, and
has absorbed the interest of great Jewish theologi¬
ans, many of whom have edited or authored prayer
books.
Compiler of the first siddur, published in 1075,
was Rav. Amron Gaon, one of the greatest of the
Babylonian Jewish scholars. He compiled the siddur
at the request of Rav Yitzchak, son of Rav Shimon,
of Spain who paid him 10 zehuvim (gold pieces)
for the labor. Rabbi Amram’s siddur was the model
for all subsequent siddurim.
Rabbi Amram did not author the siddur, he mere¬
ly assembled prayers and grace that had already
been current among Jews for some one1 thousand
years, and, some, perhaps for two thousand years.
What did the early prayers consist of? The
psalms are among the chief sources of the siddur.
The siddur we now use opens with a poem by a non-
Jewish poet, Bilam, who came to curse the Jews,
and blessed them. “Mah Tovu,” he said—“how
good and beautiful thy tents, Jacob, thy residences
Israel.”
The siddur is one of the richest anthologies, in¬
cluding the most beautiful passages from the Bible
and the prophets, passages from Talmud and from
the rich garnery of Hebrew poetry over a period of
three thousand years, including poems by Rabbi Ye-
hudah Halevi and Rabbi Solomon ibn Gabirol. The
siddur also includes citations from the Shulchan Ar-
uch, the Jewish religious Code.
SECOND PRAYERBOOK
The second prayerbook to appear was compiled
by Rabbi Saadyah Gaon, one of Jewry’s major theo¬
logians and phliosophers, born in Egypt eighteen
years after the death of Rabbi Amram. His was a
“modern” siddur, including Arabic passages and
prayers he himself had composed. The Jewish peo¬
ple and its leading authorities accepted Rabbi Am¬
ram’s siddur as the standard prayerbook.
Although Rabbi Amram’s siddur was amended in
later generations, nothing was deducted, but addi¬
tions were made. Eventually two standard siddurim
emerged, with Rabbi Amram’s as the basis. One was
the Sephardic siddur, the prayerbook of the Orien¬
tal communities, and of the Jews of Spain and Por¬
tugal. The other siddur, Ashkenazic version, was
used in Germany, France and Poland. The Chas-
sidic movement in Eastern Europe adopted the Seph¬
ardic prayerbook.
Toward the end of the medieval epoch, and at the
beginning of the Renaissance, new prayerbooks ap¬
peared. Rabbi Isaac Lurie, father of the Kabbalah,
compiled a siddur jointly with Rabbi Chayim Vital,
his pupil. Another great Kabbalist, Rabbi Isayah
Halevi Hurwitz, also compiled a siddur. None of
these omitted or subtracted from Rabbi Amram’s
prayerbook. But they did add.
The eighteenth century saw the emergence of sev¬
eral new prayerbooks. Rabbi Jacob Emdin, of Ham¬
burg, trenchant opponent of the Sabbatai Zvi move¬
ment, the Gaon of Vilna and Rabbi Schneur Zalman
of Liadi, father of the Lubavich dynasty, each com¬
piled a siddur.
STORM OVER RABBI EMDIN’S SIDDUR
Rabbi Emdin’s siddur included an admonition to
the money-lenders of Hamburg. He described their
professions as “shameful.” The money-lenders raged
and requested that he omit the admonition. A com¬
mission of rabbis, appointed to investigate the sid¬
dur, directed that they had found nothing in Rabbi
Emdin’s prayerbook that might be construed as con¬
tradictory to Jewish religious doctrine. The money¬
lenders, however, unreconciled, boycotted Rabbi Em¬
din’s prayerbook.
Rabbi Schneur Zalman’s siddur met a similar fate.
He omitted certain prayers, and this aroused the
wrath of Rabbi Baruch of Mezshbizsh, grandson of
the founder of Chassidism, Rabbi Yisroel Baal Shena
Tov.
THE REFORM PRAYERBOOKS
There was quite a controversy over the first Re¬
form prayerbooks which were published in Germany
and Hungary in the first half of the nineteenth cen¬
tury. These prayerbooks, authored by the Reform
leaders Jacobson and Friedlander, omitted the pray¬
ers mentioning Zion and Jerusalem. When asked to
pass judgment on these early Reform prayerbooks,
the famous Rabbi of Presburg (Bratislava), Rabbi
Moshe Sofer, declared: “It is preferable to use the
Catholic prayerbook, than the Reform prayerbook.”
There are various Reform prayerbooks, including
those compiled by David Friedlander of Berlin,
Abraham Geiger, Isaac Meyer Wise, founder of the
Reform movement in America, and Rabbi Benjamin
Szold, father of the late Henrietta Szold.
A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR
FOX JEWELRY & LOAN CO.
401 W. Bay Street
Phone 5-2568
WOLF’S
LITTLE FOLK’S SHOP
From Infancy to Fourteen
227 HOGAN STREET
PHONE 5-933!
PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
Page Twenty-nine
