DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
l
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Charles Fink
First Vice-President Mrs. Jack Goldberg
Second Vice-President Mrs. Jack Becker
Third Vice-President Mrs. Philip Selber
Treasurer Mrs. Jacob Bloom
Recording Secretary Mrs. Haskell Zimmerman
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. William Gordon
Financial Secretary Mrs. Joseph Krestul
Asst. Financial Secretary Mrs. Isadore Gartner
The Daughters of Israel has served as the auxiliary
organization to the Jewish Center for the past 23 years.
Primary among the numerous communal activities this
organization supports is the Center Sunday School.
As in the past, it continues to award children for ex¬
ceptional achievement and to arrange the details of the
observance of the Jewish holidays.
One of the most worthwhile of its educational proj¬
ects this past year has been the establishment of a
circulating library in the Center Building. The library
was started by donations of the members, commemo¬
rating special occasions. In addition to a complete set
of the Jewish Encyclopedia, books have been acquired
on child and adult levels, dealing with Jewish religion,
philosophy, politics, and folk lore. This worthy project
encourages the attainment of knowledge and deep re¬
spect for the Jewish religion.
The Daughters of Israel is continuing its sponsorship
of the Girl Scout Troop and its interest in the Boy
Scouts. It has been rewarded for its efforts by the suc¬
cess of those organizations.
Mrs. Charles Fink
The members have been hostesses to several visiting
rabbis who have graced the pulpit this past year.
The Daughters of Israel have continued their active
and successful work in civic activities. The Red Cross
sewing group under the direction of its chairman, Mrs.
Charles Fink, met and over-subscribed its quotas; the
Red Cross bandage rolling group did outstanding work;
USO work was successfully carried on throughout the
year, under the supervision of Mrs. Haskell Zimmer¬
man; TB Seals were sold. The last project the Daugh¬
ters of Israel participated in was the National Clothing
Salvage Drive, at which time members sorted and packed
cases of clothing. They also take care of the upkeep of
the kitchen.
PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
Page Forty-one
