Message of Rabbi Panitz
THE AGE OF PEACE
Every age in history is named after its predominant
characteristic. The last several hundred years have seen
a r^pid succession of such terms as the Age of Reason,
the Steam Era, the Epoch of Science and other “Ages/
Today, the dawn of the Atomic Era raises its earliest
rays upon the horizon. With sheer breathlessness, we
wonder what advances lie ahead.
While none may deign to prophecy, it cannot be re¬
miss to suggest that the approaching period in man-
RABBI DAVID H. PANITZ
kind’s tortuous course shall be styled the Age of Peace.
Fully conscious of the consequences of our previous
sins of omission and commission, we earnestly proclaim
to ourselves and to our children and to the generations
yet unborn that nations shall not learn war anymore.
Not alone the sacrifices which have been endured, but
the bright possibilities which lie in store for Man through
global and local harmony and cooperation, impel us to
utilize our scientific and spiritual resources for peace.
So disciplined must we become in the arts of peaceful
living that historians will, without question, speak of the
middle of the twentieth century as the start of the un¬
broken Age of Peace.
The task of learning the arts of peace is far from
simple. A veritable structure of “Beliefs and Practices*’
must be developed. The unity of the Universe and the
equality of all men before their Maker must be com¬
prehended in all its practical, daily implications. All
peoples must be trained to enjoy the fruits of man¬
kind’s study and material progress. All persons, from
childhood, must be schooled in the love for democratic
living.
Religious institutions will be called upon to play an
important role in the education (for some, the re-educa¬
tion) of the nations. The great principles of religion
have been with us for many long centuries; unfortunately,
however, effective teaching for the application of these
ideals has been lacking. We must now devise success¬
ful methods. Precepts and principles must be translated
into life. Thus shall we truly herald the Age of Peace.
May this Rosh ha-Shanah be the harbinger of the
SHALOM for which we have waited so long. May the
year 5 706 see us girded with the courage which was
Herzl’s, when he said: Im tirtsu, ayn zo agadah! If you
will it, the dream shall become reality!
Page Thirty-one
