JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM
(Continued from page 47)
Grade Three: Prizes—Daniel Rosenberg, Irving
Cohen; Certificates—Leanne Balter, Rose Haber;
Attendance—Jay Shapiro.
Grade Four: Prizes—Bryna Lee Datz, Joan
Sachs; Attendance—Charles Mizrahi.
Grade Five: Prizes—Joe Abisch, Neal Presser;
Certificates—Irene Keller, Larry Goldberg.
Grade Six: Prizes—Stanley Rosenkranz, Freída
Hochman.
Grade Seven: Prize—Gilbert Geller; Certifi¬
cate—Marjorie Atlas.
Grade Eight: Prize—Beverly Safer; Certificate
—Hermina Doych.
Grade Nine: Prize—Nathan Krestul; Certificate
—Edwin Presser; Attendance—Fred Rotstein.
The Sunday School Staff consisted of the follow¬
ing: Philip Selber, Principal; Carl Alpert, Mrs. Carl
Alpert, Major J. Reiser, Mrs. Irving Rothstein, Miss
Eunice Davis, Mrs. Norman Moscovitz, Mrs. J. Sha¬
piro, Miss Gertrude Meyerhoff, Miss Esther Smith,
Miss Victoria Levy, Mrs. M. J. Reiser, Miss Mildred
Pinner and Miss Sylvia Haber.
CONCLUSION
Although the educational activities of the insti¬
tution were carried on during the past year without
the leadership of a Rabbi or of an educational direc¬
tor, it is a conceded fact that the educational pro¬
gram has witnessed its greatest progress in a num¬
ber of years. Much of the credit for this improve¬
ment can be attributed directly to the untiring and
sincere devotion of Mrs. Carl Alpert who acted, not
only as teacher, but also as principal of the Hebrew
School and as director of the Summer Day Camp.
Without the considerable expenditure of energy
made by Mrs. Alpert during the year, the success
of the Junior Congregation, the increase of the He¬
brew School enrollment, and the outstanding success
of the Day Camp in its first year would not have
occurred. However, the capable assistance rendered
by Mrs. Harry Abrams and Miss Gertrude Meyer¬
hoff were of considerable value to the success of the
program.
Rabbi David H. Panitz, who assumes the spir¬
itual leadership of the institution this fall, will su¬
pervise all of the educational activities of the insti¬
tution, and a very promising future seems to be in
the offing. Mrs. Panitz will also be of considerable
aid in the administration of the educational activi¬
ties, especially that of the Nursery Kindergarten,
since she is a graduate Hebrew teacher in her own
right.
THE HEBREW SCHOOL
4 , ^ - •
Page Forty-eight
