Rabbi David Panitz
A Biographical Sketch
Rabbi David H. Panitz was born in Baltimore,
Md., where he received his early schooling. At six¬
teen ,he entered the Johns Hopkins University and
continued his studies there until five vears later,
when the Master of Arts degree was conferred upon
him by the Faculty of Philosophy for his researches
in the Responsa of 15th century Italy. His residence
for the doctor’s degree having been completed by
this time, the Rabbi-to-be left Johns Hopkins for
the Theological Seminary. At the present time, he
is preparing his doctoral thesis for submission.
When Rabbi Panitz entered the Jewish Theologi¬
cal Seminary of America, he already had a sound
preparation in a variety of studies. He had been
graduated from the Baltimore Hebrew College and
was the recipient of the Teacher’s Certificate from
the Teacher’s Training School of the Hebrew Col¬
lege. He had gained first-hand knowledge of the
problems of Jewish education through experience
as a teacher and as a principal in the Hebrew schools
of Baltimore.
Following his ordination from the Seminary,
Rabbi Panitz was called to Syracuse, N. Y., to be¬
come the spiritual leader of the conservative Con¬
gregation Adath Yeshurun, the largest eastern con¬
gregation between New York and Cleveland. Adath
Yeshurun has been acclaimed for its superb and va¬
ried program, designed to meet the needs of every
age and interest. Among other activities, its Adult
Institute is the pride of Upper New York State, and
its bulletin has been honored as “the best in the
United States.” The religious schools, the clubs, the
Men’s Club, the Sisterhood and the Junior Congre¬
gations of Adath Yeshurun serve as the model for
many other congregations.
In Syracuse, Rabbi Panitz was active in many
Jewish and civic endeavors. At the Syracuse Uni¬
versity, he was a member of the Hendricks Chapel
staff and religions counsellor to the Jewish students
on the campus. He was co-chairman of the Syracuse
War Fund and Community Chest, Jewish represen¬
tative on the Syracuse Inter-Faith Committee, and
a member of the Executive Committee and chairman
of the Education Committee of the Syracuse Inter-
Racial Federation. In addition, he was the Mayor’s
appointee to the local Post-War Planning Council.
Among his Jewish affiliations, Rabbi Panitz was
a member of the Board and also of the Executive
of the Syracuse Jewish Welfare Federation, a Board
member of the Jewish Social Service Bureau, a mem¬
ber of the Syracuse Commission on Jewish Educa¬
tion, and served as president of the Louis Marshall
Lodge of Bnai Brith.
Ever since he spent some time in Palestine as a
child, Rabbi Panitz has been a devoted Zionist. He
was Program Chairman of the Syracuse Zionist Dis¬
trict, a member of the Executive Committee of the
United Palestine Appeal, and a member of the
American Zionist Emergency Council and chairman
of its church contacts in Syracuse. Rabbi Panitz was
the chairman of the New York Federation Drive of
the Jewish Theological Seminary. As a member of
the Rabbinical Assembly of America, he served on
several of its committees. Rabbi Panitz is recognized
as an important speaker and preacher. Having been
called to address many different gatherings, he was
chosen to give the Convention sermon at the 30th
Anniversary convention of the United Synagogue of
America.
Page Thirty
