YOUNG JUDAEA
Gerald Sohn
— •
Stanley Rosenkrantz
Stanley Kantor
Young Judaea began its year with four active
clubs participating in the Tag Day collection on
Balfour Day. The monies collected went to Jewish
National Fund. In the next month, two more clubs
were formed, making a total of six clubs, one sen¬
ior, two intermediate and three junior clubs. Two
intermediate clubs and three junior clubs held
Chanukah parties during the week of the Chanukah.
All the clubs were active in debating and round
table discussions, the intermediates debating for
a Senior Hadassah Oneg Shabbat. They chose as
their topic: “Resolved: That the Young Judaeans
Should Go to Palestine to Live.” Both sides were
eloquent, the winners being the Chaim Weizmann
Club, who chose the negative. Two Young Judaean
Sabbaths were held, one in October and the other
in May.
In February, the season was highlighted with a
Purim Carnival, all clubs participating. The spirit of
the approaching affair ran high, the community be¬
coming quite youth-conscious. The clubs built booths
at the Center in an area representing Tel Aviv. They
displayed and sold their handiwork in these booths,
a prize being awarded to the Aliyah Club for the
most attractive booth. The Meyer Levin Club pre¬
sented a puppet show appropriate for Purim. The
Henrietta Szold undertook as their project the sell¬
ing of food, which took place at the “Tel Aviv Cafe.”
Sideshows and races were added attractions. Our
affair was quite a success, both socially and finan¬
cially, monies going to Keren Hanoar and Youth
Aliyah quotas.
During the month of March, all clubs used the
Passover theme, several clubs making Passover plates
and holding appropriate meetings. The Henrietta
Szold Club held a modern Third Night Seder. In
May, the juniors clubs held a joint Mother’s Day tea
and program, at which all Young Judaean mothers
were honored. It was impressive and dignified.
All clubs have participated in hikes and outings,
centered around life in Palestine and Palestinian
colonies. The Senior Club participated in War Bond
Drives. In the latter part of June, Young Judaea
sent four delegates to the Southeastern regional
conference held in Memphis. These boys and girls
returned imbued with the spirit that prevailed and
in turn will inspire our members with the enthusiasm
for carrying on Zionist Youth work. Our delegates
bid for the next conference to be held in Jackson¬
ville, which was duly accepted by the region. We
are looking forward to next year’s activities and
conference in Jacksonville. Our delegates were
Martha Moscovitz and Mildred Edwards from the
Henrietta Szold Club, and Billy Schemer and Helen
Witten from the Meyer Levin Club.
The six clubs, their presidents and leaders this
past year were: Henrietta Szold Club, Doris Singer,
president; Mrs. I. Moscovitz, leader; Meyer Levin
Club, Billy Schemer, president, Mrs. M. Goldstein,
leader; Chaim Weizman Club, Gerald Sohn, presi¬
dent; Mrs. Sophie Ruby, leader; Aliyah Club, Stan¬
ley Rosenkranz, president, Mrs. M. Wasserman,
leader, and Miss Renee Baker, co-leader; Theodore
Herzl Club, Stanley Kantor, president, Miss Gert¬
rude Meyerhoff, leader; Louis D. Brandéis Club,
Sally Felson, president, Miss Heidy Mayer, leader.
Brandéis Campers Institute gave us two of our
outstanding leaders, Gertrude Meyerhoff and Heidy
Mayer. Next year others will return groomed for the
job of leading our young Zionists. They will also
be able to assist in the training of leaders who will
not have attended Brandéis Camp, by participating
at our regular leaders’ institute meetings.
Page Eighty-nine
