The Reconstructionist Movement
By David Schwartz
There is a considerable fuss now about the Recon-
structionist movement. The present writer cannot
profess to know very much about Reconstructionism.
Perhaps the present stir—the advertisement given
Prof. Kaplan by his excommunication—may serve to
attract attention to the movement and lighten more
people about Reconstructionism who otherwise
would never have heard about the movement.
Those who condemn Rabbi Kaplan should have
considered this. As a result of his excommunica¬
tion, probably ten people have heard about Recon¬
structionism to the one who had heard about it be¬
fore.
As we say, we belong to the average. The pres¬
ent writer had only vaguely heard about Recon¬
structionism. Two years ago, attending a rabbinical
convention and hearing the term "Reconstruction-
ism, ” I asked a rabbi what it meant.
"Well, IT1 tell you a little incident," replied the
rabbi with a twinkle in his eye. "I was sitting in a
restaurant and close to me sat another rabbi—a dele¬
gate to the convention but a stranger to me. I saw
him eat some bacon. Ah, I said, he’s a Reform Jew.
Later, I saw him eating some herring. Ah, I said,
Now I know. He’s a Reconstructionist.’’
I suppose the Rabbi who told me this story was
only being humorous. And yet the story, as I gath¬
ered, does give you a slant at the Reconstructionist
movement, for Reconstructionism has taken from
both the Reform and the Orthodox wing. It has fea¬
tures of both of these groups. It is a new synthesis.
MAIMONIDES A RECONSTRUCTIONIST
Now, every new synthesis is not a desirable thing
and I hold no brief for Reconstructionism. "The mys¬
teries I leave to the Lord our God,’’ as our prayer-
book says, and to the theologians, but I recall that
Prof. Kaplan is not the first man in Jewish history
to indulge in Reconstructionism. In the twelfth cen¬
tury, there lived a great Jewish thinker, the greatest
Jew to concern himself with religious matters since
the days of the Talmud. The man’s name was Moses
ben Maimón. This man profoundly affected Jewish
theology. Indeed, his genius was so great that it
couldn’t help but spill over, and the Christian church
borrowed much from him.
Maimonides or Moses ben Maimón was also a re¬
constructionist in a way. In the first place, he
warned against the orthodoxy which straightway
condemned all deviators. He pointed out that even
in Biblical days idolators were still regarded as be¬
longing to the house of Israel. He had certain no¬
tions about miracles which some of the pious looked
at askance. He did not deny completely that there
were miracles. He held that at times a special Provi¬
dence might intervene. But, nevertheless, his com¬
ments on miracles did not escape condemnation
among some of the very religious.
Similarly, too, his ideas on the resurrection of the
dead were looked on suspiciously. Here, too, he did
not deny the dogma of resurrection, but the little
space he gave this doctrine and his emphasis on the
immortality of the soul was a kind of reconstruc¬
tionism. He was a reconstructionist with a small
"r” but still a reconstructionist.
Maimonides came at a time, the historian Graetz
tells us, when Judaism was faced by very difficult
times. In some places, there was danger of Judaism
disappearing. Maimonides proved a great fortify¬
ing and unifying force.
JUDAISM FACES SIMILAR CRISIS
I do not think it is any use denying that Judaism
today faces a similarly great crisis. The orthodox
rabbis cannot ostrichlike hide their heads in the
sands to save themselves from the storm ahead. You
cannot negate a thing by closing your eyes to it,
even though Reconstructionism, as exemplified by
the doctrines of Rabbi Kaplan, may not be the sav¬
ing force we need.
Maimonides tried to reconcile Judaism with the
philosophy of Aristotle. That was the reigning phil¬
osophy of the intellectual of his day. We need some
Maimonides to reconcile religion with the realities of
today.
Who will solve that problem for us?
One thing we know: burning books do not solve
problems. Some of the over-pious burnt the books of
Maimonides, but as one of his disciples wrote:
"Elijah like, they to heaven ascended
And in flames sky-ward wended.’’
(Jewish Telegraphic Agency)
Draper’s New Way Poultry Co.
L. L. WEBB, Manager
FINEST FRESH DRESSED and
DRAWN POULTRY
324 Broad Street
Phone 5-3730
MILLS PRINTING CO.
425 North Myrtle Avenue
Phone 5-6135
Page Twenty-five
