This Year Book is dedicated to Dr. Sanders A. Tofield,
our beloved Rabbi of blessed memory, of whom it may be
said, "Which is the right course that a man should choose
for himself? That which he feels to be honorable to him¬
self, and which also brings him honor from mankind."
(Ethics of the Fathers)
Leadership requires vision; religious leadership needs
the added qualities of faith and dedication.
The Rabbi proclaimed these ideals, "With faith in
God's help, with confidence in the eternal verity of our
work, in the interests of achieving profounder happiness for
ourselves and for our children, let us go forward with the
progress that is within reach!" (Year Book 1947). Again
after his many years of service in his 1959 message, "Let us
reflect on the God-given blessing of life and the periods of
time in which it is realized. Let us hold sacred the year
ahead and step into it with spiritual dedication."
The Jewish people, the people of the Book, have al¬
ways valued and respected knowledge. The entire congre¬
gation took pride when the Doctor of Hebrew Letters was
conferred on him in 1954. An outstanding Talmudic
scholar, a member of the Law Committee of the Rabbinical
Assembly, the Rabbi was sensitive to the need for adapting
modern-day observance of Judaism within the framework
of Jewish tradition.
This philosophy was expressed, "But it is quite evident
that the era of experimentation and adaptation is coming to
a close. The Jacksonville Jewish Center is acquiring a
galaxy of Conservative Jewish congregations in America.
Our program receives direction from the past and zest from
the needs of the present." (Year Book 1947)
Not only was he respected nationally but was beloved
by the many rabbis with whom he was intimately associ¬
ated and many whom he guided in his capacity as the Presi¬
dent of the Southeast Region of the Rabbinical Assembly.
His interest in Israel and Zionism was recognized by
his colleagues when he was appointed for a special mission
by the Rabbinical Assembly to Israel. He sent his greet¬
ings to us from Jerusalem in 1949, "The same blessing l
RABBI SANDERS A. TOFIELD
extend to you, my friends back home, for the coming New
Year: 'The Lord bless thee out of Zion;
And see thou the good of Jerusalem all the days of
thy life;
And see thy childrens children, Peace be upon
Israel!' " (1949 Year Book)
In our own congregation his efforts were especially di¬
rected to the welfare of the children. He constantly strived
to set the highest standards of religious education in our
school. The growth and success can easily be seen in the
camparison of his first and last Confirmation Classes.
It was through his impetus that the U.S.Y. was formed
RABBI RECEIVING HIS DOCTORATE DEGREE
RABBI WITH SISTERHOOD MEMBERS
AT A CONVENTION
15
