CENTER COMMITTEES
■*- - MM* VmBnBMBnKnHiW
HYMAN SELBER,
Finance Committee
ROBERT WOLF, CW.
House Committee
DR. JACK ROSNER,
Chairman
Furnishings Committee
Vi WHMi
NORMAN MOSS, CW.
Holiday Ushering
Committee
The Finance Committee is responsible for the development of
sources of income for an increased educational and youth program.
The success of Center growth requires the financial cooperation of the
entire membership in response to the efforts of the Finance Committee.
Makes careful analysis of the financial status of the Center. The
goal of the committee is to develop the most progressive programming
and balance the resources and expenditures for the coming year.
By constant revision of house rules, regulations and service fees
improves public relations to the mutual benefit of our membership and
the Center. The beauty and cleanliness of the Center premises are the
result of our capable and devoted maintenance staff.
Sets as its goal to acquaint the entire Jewish community with the
religious, educational and youth programs which are sponsored by the
Center. To accomplish these goals, it is constantly canvassing prospects
among newcomers, newly married couples, unaffiliated Jewish families
and young single adults. The entire membership can assist this com¬
mittee by informing them of prospective members.
Has as its task the proper furnishing of the Center. With funds
supplied by the Beautification Committee of the Sisterhood the most
beautiful and durable articles are chosen to enhance the appearance
of the building’s interior.
Supervises and directs the planning of building expansion. The
growth of the Center Family has necessitated constant increase of our
facilities. The efforts of this committee are directed to fulfill these needs
in our most economic manner in keeping with the beauty and dignity
of a Synagogue-Center.
JOE BECKER, Chmn.
Budget Committee
SID MACK, Chmn,
Affiliations Committee
RALPH MIZRAHI, Chmn,
Architect’s Committee
Seeks to enhance the High Holiday Services by quietly and quickly seating the wor¬
shippers. Their constant effort over the years has greatly improved the decorum of the
congregation which has added greater dignity to the services.
11
