Sabin Snftrlb
CONFIRMATION CLASSES
UPPER: 1949 CLASS
LOWER: 1959 CLASS
quainted and active with our own young people and those
of the rest of the Southeast Region. Prominent in Scout¬
ing circles, he took a great deal of pride in preparing
Scouts for the Ner Tamid award. In 1959 our troop had
the largest award winning group (14).
The Sisterhood, Men’s Club and all affiliated organiza¬
tions, as well as the community at large, benefited from his
active interest in their affairs. "Recorded here is also the
contribution made to American Jewry by other associations.
Each one forms, as it tv ere, another column supporting the
edipce that Israel is building in an American outpost. The
structure of world Jewry is thereby magnified. The honor
or Israel is kept aloft, hi most instances the Center renders
direct service to the organizations listed. With all, it main¬
tains an affinity of interest. To all, it extends cooperation
and recognition as noteworthy endeavors and pledges that
his own expanded facilities will prove to their enhance¬
ment
With the leaders of the congregation he was in the
forefront of all the building expansion programs. Our Sanc¬
tuary with its beautiful Ark was the result of his inspira¬
tional conception. The Youth Building and new Education
Building were the vehicles whereby the youth and education
programs were implemented.
With his beloved wife and daughter and family as his
constant companions, the family was an example of ideal
Jewish family life.
His Center Family will best remember him for his
comforting presence in the time of bereavement, his en¬
couragement to those ill and in pain. Those with personal
problems benefited from his wise counsel. He imparted
the wisdom of the Torah in his adult education groups.
In every way and at all times he established a warm
intimacy with every man, woman and child.
We offer the prayer in his behalf as it is said "He in
whom the spirit of his fellow creatures takes delight, in
him the Spirit of the All present takes delight
Ner Tamid Award Winners—First U.S.Y. Meeting
Rabbi presenting Ner Tamid Award Rabbi with Marsha Leibovitz on her Dedication of Youth Building
to Martin Rothstein Bas Mitzvah
