BUILDING FUND
Now that our school building has been remodeled and the rear
portion of the Synogogue building completely remodeled for more
than a year, the Building Fund requirements of the Center take on
an entirely different aspect.
We are no longer faced with the necessity of providing addi¬
tional building facilities. Instead we are faced with maintaining
what we have in the finest possible condition.
The Building Fund is therefore primarily interested in the fol¬
lowing immediate goals and aims:
1. First, we must continue to meet our mortgage payments as
they come due. At the same time we must begin to devise plans for
retiring these mortgages within the next five years.
2. We must maintain the facilities we have in a first class con¬
dition in order to protect our investment and to get the maximum
use from them and to protect our investment.
3. We must have funds for capital replacements. For example,
we must replace some of our present equipment.
4. We must provide certain facilities as they become needed,
such as:
(a) Increasing our air conditioning tonnage from 80 to at
least 200 tons.
(b) Paving of the parking lot property.
(c ) Provision of certain minor outdoor recreational facili¬
ties etc.
The Building Committee has set up a five-year program which
will provide all of the above goals as well as insure the retirement
of all mortgage indebtedness of the Synogague within a period of
five years. We hope that such a program as the committee has now
adopted will not be too difficult to get across to our members, just
because they do not see any visible signs of construction activities.
ROBERT J. GORDON
The progress made during the past ten years is solely due to the
generosity of a goodly percentage of our membership plus an ex¬
cellent credit reputation. At the present time, this is our most valu¬
able asset and must be maintained at all costs, This can only be
accomplished through the support and cooperation of the members
who have continued to make annual pledges to our Building Fund.
It is possible some of our members may feel we have pressured
them too much during the past year and trust the above informa¬
tion will explain the reason for this pressure.
The writer is indeed grateful to the many devoted and generous
individuals who have responded to these appeals and have helped
overcome many critical situations. I ask for your continued cooper¬
ation which will enable us to maintain our credit standing.
Our best wishes for a Happy and a Good New Year. "Le Sha-
nah Tovah Tikatevu.”
Mr. Harry Gendzior presenting a plaque to Mr. Robert J. Gordon
for outstanding service.
33
