Center Sisterhood
President
Vice-President, Cultural
Vice-President, Youth
Vice-President, Fellowship
Vice-President, Ways & Means
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Social Secretary
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
Mrs. Bert Meyer
...Mrs. Norman Slaff
Mrs. Louis Slott
Mrs. Morris Price
... Mrs. William Rose
Mrs. Moe Zager
Mrs. Herbert Lewitt
Mrs. Henry Bettman
..Mrs. I. P. Edwards
Mrs. Melvin Hollins
MRS. BERT MEYER
The 565 women who are members of Sisterhood are proud of the important part that they play in the Center’s program and growth.
Sisterhood functions as a vital organ of the many Center activities, working to aid its educational, recreational and spiritual programs.
One highlight of the Sisterhood’s program this past year was the November Cabaret. It was overwhelmingly successful, attracting
groups from every segment of the Center Family. Because the response was so rewarding, another dance has been planned for this fall,
which will use a Hawaiian theme.
The outstanding Sisterhood project of the year was the Beautification drive which culminated in the Donors event. A record $4,000.00
was raised which this year went into desks and chairs for the Hebrew and Sunday School. This furnishings project being almost com¬
plete, Sisterhood looks forward to raising money for the completion of the Daily Chapel and the Youth Building Foyer.
Projects this year included: Providing salaries of the teachers in the Sunday Religious School, prizes and awards for pupils of the
Hebrew and Sunday Schools, refreshments for special celebrations, giving financial assistance as well as advisory supervision to the Center
Youth League and the Girl Scouts. The Sisterhood also provided needed equipment such as a commercial vacuum cleaner and an electric
typewriter.
Sisterhood is affiliated with the National Women’s League and this year sent delegates to the Regional Conference of the Southeast
Branch of United Synagogue in Miami, Fla. This affiliation provides guidance and information in fulfilling local programs. Sisterhood
members enjoyed a variety of programs at meetings during the year which included a book review, musical program, children’s style
show and an original skit. The programs which are produced by members of the Sisterhood serve the purpose of entertainment, enlighten¬
ment and enthusiasm for the goals set by Sisterhood.
The Gift Shop had an outstanding year and was instrumental in fulfilling Sisterhood’s objective of strengthening Judaism and mak¬
ing it more meaningful through the Synagogue and the home.
SISTERHOOD BOARD MEMBERS
Seated: left to righ, Mrs. Charles Kluglose, Mrs. Sanders A. To field, Rabbi To field, Mrs. Willard Berdit, Mrs. Sidney Stillman, Mrs. Wil¬
liam Rose, Mrs. William H. Schemer, Mrs. Myer Cohen.
Standing: Mrs. Sheldon Gendzier, Mrs. Morton Benjamin, Mrs. Paul Bucholtz, Mrs. Herbert Lewitt, Mrs. I. Gartner, Mrs. Sam Spevak,
Mrs. Irving Kramer, Mrs. Irving Hacker, Mrs. Isidore Weiss, Mrs. Ben Zimmerman, Mrs. Joel Goldman, Mrs. Samuel B. Witten,
Mrs. Al Sagar, Mrs. Herbert Perlman, Mrs. Sol Goldman, Mrs. Byron Morris, Mrs. Alton Whitehouse.
37
