Center Men s Club
iWüitipiB
EDWIN PRESSER
OFFICERS
President Edwin Presser
Vice-President Ben Cohen
Secretary Henry Lasris
Treasurer Nathan Goldstein
Membership Co-Chairmen—
Jack Parker and Manny Ehrlich
Top Picture: Winners of Beauty contest at Center Sunday School
Picnic—Sandra Shmunes, Susan Hilsenrad and Lynelle Resnick.
Middle Picture: Winners in Beauty contest—Deborah Worman,
Zelda Bettman and Judy Joffre.
Bottom: Top team in Bowling League sponsored by Men’s Club—
Irwin Gendzier, Isidore Weiss, Harry Katz, Jr., Bernard Sachs
and Sam Silberstein.
The Officers and Directors of the Center Men’s Club are proud to report to its members and friends that the 1959-60 season was
one of great progress and accomplishment. A representative list of services rendered our community under an able and active group of
leaders and with the full support of our members, includes: Sunday Minyan Club Breakfasts, full Camp Ramah Scholarships, coopera¬
tion with Synagogue and Religious School departments, Religious School awards, Sunday School Picnic, monthly meetings and dinners,
community service award, Boy Scout award, Sunday School baseball trip, Blood Bank, Bowling League.
Our annual Sunday School Picnic, held on the last day of Sunday School at the Adolph Wurn Park in the Sans Souci area, was
met with acclaim and approbation, the youngsters having a wonderful time and taking home many awards. The attendance at Sunday
Minyan Club Breakfasts has swelled gratifyingly, and our Blood Bank project, open to all members of the community, completed a very
successful year.
We have begun two new projects this past year. The Center Men’s Club Bowling League had a full season, and climaxed its first
year with a dinner-dance at the Beauclerc Club, at which time awards were given to top teams and members.
Providing Camp Ramah Scholarships has been taken on as a principal project of the club and we were able to provide a full scholar¬
ship for a meritorious student of our Religious School.
The Center Men’s Club has shown itself to be a very vital integral part of our Jewish community and we are striving to widen and
improve our services to you and your children. We look forward with anticipation to many more successful years to come and urge your
support through membership and activity.
Anyone interested in affiliation should contact any of the Officers or come to our regularly scheduled dinner meetings.
Men’s Club members serving the Minyan Club Breakfast
43
