CHARLES PALOT CLUB
Chapter of United Synagogue Youth
President Bruce Yergin
Vice-President Linda Halpern
Vice-President Susan Krivan
Recording Secretary Eleanor Safer
Corresponding Secy Karen Caslar
Treasurer Charles Slott
Another banner year has been completed by this U.S.Y. Chap¬
ter composed of 8th and 9th graders. The membership reached
an all time high of 54 with all members taking part in the bal¬
anced schedule of activities.
Under the able leadership of our advisor and activities direc¬
tor, we began our year with a membership beach party and dance.
Other activities included community service, social, fund raising,
religious, athletic and many other varied programs.
The chapter was represented at the following U.S.Y. conventions: L.T.I. in Hendersonville, Regional Convention in Birming¬
ham and the Regional Board Meeting in Hollywood, Fla.
Another successful year was closed with an Installation Banquet at which time the Youth Chairman, Joe Mizrahi, installed
the newly elected officers.
Our deepest appreciation for their help and understanding during the past year goes to Joel Selber, Bob Fischer and mem¬
bers of the Center Sisterhood.
HEAD TABLE AT INSTALLATION BANQUET
TWEEN-
AGERS
President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
..Saralee Newman
Mendy Marks
Elaine Linsey
... Richard Speizer
Rochelle Kluglose
Tween-agers, the Centers’ youngest social club, is composed of boys and girls in the 5th and 6th grades. Picnics, Hanukah
parties, skating parties, sock hops, bowling and the annual installation banquet were among the monthly activities enjoyed by ap¬
proximately 50 youngsters.
For the new year, plans have been made to limit functions to last year’s most popular activities: bowling, skating, picnics and
athletics.
The Tween-agers’ success is due to the capable leadership of the chairman, Mrs. H. Hart, and her committee, Mrs. J. Ditt-
an, Mrs. Mitchell Schemer and Mrs. Saul Zavon and also the four enthusiastic sponsors from C.Y.L., Janet Goldstein, Rose Zager,
Karen Speizer and Cynthia Stillman. Appreciation also goes to Activities Director, Bob Fischer, for his time and efforts devoted to
us.
103
