CENTER YOUTH LEAGUE
Chapter of United Synagogue Youth
President Rita Diamond
1st Vice-President Byron Kolitz
2nd Vice-President Judy Safer
Recording Secretary Marsha Kramer
Corresponding Secy Donna Hackel and Evelyn Brauner
Treasurer Simon Selber
Advisor Stanley Kantor
STANLEY KANTOR RITA DIAMOND
The 1959-60 school year was one of the most successful that C.Y.L. has had since its organization. Over 55 high school teen¬
agers took part in its activities.
Our delegations to the U.S.Y. conventions during the year included the following: Leadership Training Institute at Camp Blue
Star in Hendersonville—15 delegates; one delegate to National Convention in New York where Stephen Entman was elected Na¬
tional Treasurer; Regional Convention in Birmingham during Feb.—29 delegates.
_ t
Stewart Goldberg was elected Regional Treasurer, while several other members were appointed regional chairmen. We were also
represented at the Regional Board Meeting in Hollywood by four delegates, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Bob Fischer.
A few highlights during the past year were: telephone interview with Eddie Cantor in Hollywood and the Israeli Ambassador
to the U.S. in Washington; piano concert by Gerson Yessin, Jacksonville University professor; a report by Chamber of Commerce
representative on his current trip to Russia.
Some of the new projects started this year that proved very successful were: Monthly Friday night service attendance followed
by a discussion on current Jewish stopics, a weekly U.S.Y. girls’ bowling league and monthly visit to River Garden Home for the Aged.
To climax the year at our installation banquet, the annual awards for outstanding boy and girl in C.Y.L. were given to Stewart
Goldberg and Janet Goldstein.
Our sincerest appreciation goes to our advisor Stanley Kantor, Sisterhood Youth Chairman Mrs. Louis Slott and our Youth Activities
Director Bob Fischer for the help and understanding they extended us.
MAJOR S PRE- TEENS
INSTALLATION
BANQUET
President Peggy Cohen
Vice-President Gail Price
Vice-President Frances Lipson
Secretary Stacy Wolf
Treasurer Cheryl Sussman
A successful year was concluded by the Major’s Pre-Teens,
under the capable guidance of the Mothers’ Committee and the
sponsors. This group is for boys and girls in the seventh grade.
Functions are held monthly at the Center.
The group held several outstanding events including a sock
hop, dance, beatnik party, Passover affair and skating party. Other
activities were the observance of each member’s birthday, fund
raising for Sisterhood, attending the Charles Palot Club elections
and banquet and contributing to the Center Building Fund.
Sincerest thanks go to chairman Mrs. B. Glossman and her
two able assistants, Mrs. I. Gartner and Mrs. S. Weintraub and
also to the four C.Y.L. sponsors, Evelyn Brauner, Ada Hinda
Block, Marsha Kramer and David Weintraub.
101
