Boy Scout Troop 14
Scoutmaster Dr. Harry Yergin
Asst. Scoutmasters Norman Moss and George Glossman
Chairman Troop Committee Morris Leibovitz
Troop Committee Philip Selber, Irvin Ghelerter, Joe Mizrahi,
Shelby Trager, Dr. Sidney Stillman, Joe P.
Safer, David Safer.
Troop 14 has completed one of its most successful years in the history of the Troop.
The Troop continues to grow and now has 50 boys on its roster. Under the leadership of
Scoutmaster Dr. Harry Yergin and Morris Leibovitz, Chairman of the Committee, many
activities were carried out.
At the annual Scout banquet and Charter presentation held during Scout Week the
Troop was awarded its 40th Charter. They were also presented the Plaque and White
Banner for 100% in registration and Boy’s Life subscriptions. A third banner for recruiting
new boys and reaching a set quota for 1959 was also awarded the troop.
On all week-end hikes religious services are conducted by the Scouts themselves Fri¬
day evenings and Saturday mornings.
The troop attended a three-day Ross Allen Camporee at Silver Springs where they
were awarded a certificate for scout spirit and cooperation. At a Mohawk District Camporee
the troop won two blue ribbons, one red and one yellow ribbon, placing two first, one second and one third in all over Scoutcraft,
Scout lore, etc. The Bernard Glossman Award for outstanding Scout was awarded to Senior Patrol Leader Eddie Mizrahi. The Simon
Rothstein Award for Scout making the most advancement was awarded to Leon Yergin. We are proud that three Scouts attained the
rank of Eagle Scout at the District Court of Honor—Bruce Yergin, Jack Fleet and Jay Trussel. Eagle Scout Jerry Safer was awarded
a Palm on his eagle badge.
20 boys attended Camp Echochetee this summer with awards given and advancement made. Scouts Eddie Mizrahi, Bruce Yergin
and David Steinfeld were inducted into the Order of the Arrow. The Scout Committee also honored Dr. Harry Yergin by proposing
him for membership into the Order of the Arrow along with his Scouts.
DR. HARRY YERGIN
1. Boys inducted into Order of
the Arrow at Camp Echo-
chotee.
2. Ross Allen with boys of
Troop 14 at Silver Springs.
3. Eagle Scouts of I960: Jack
Fleet, Jay Trussel and
Bruce Yergin.
4. Rotary Banquet. Represent¬
atives of different faiths
spoke on their religious
awards. Bruce Yergin rep¬
resented Troop 14.
5. Leon Yergin and the Si¬
mon Rothstein Award; Ed¬
die Mizrahi and the Ber¬
nard Glossman Award.
105
