LAWRENCE RACKOW
Jewish
Officers
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
3rd Vice-President.
Treasurer
Executive Director
Dawson Oppenheimer
George Proctor
..Dr. Morris A. Price
Lewis Meisel
David Moss
Lawrence Rackow
DAWSON OPPENHEIMER
An emotional problem threatens the future of a Jewish family and help is needed. An unwed Jewish girl arrives in Jacksonville, em¬
barking on a potentially tragic mission—the bearing of a nameless infant, and there is a pressing demand for guidance that will provide
this girl with the opportunity to face a new future with confidence and assure the innocent child a home and the love of a family. A grown
child is in need of a temporary foster home. An aged and dependent woman at the River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged must know
that there is purpose to life. A New American must learn to live under circumstances vastly different than those he has known in the past.
A husband and father fell ill, and money was needed to sustain his family during this time of crisis.
The story could go on and on for these are just some of the problems that regularly face the Executive Director and the officers and
members of the Board of the Jewish Welfare Society.
Thus the past year was devoted, as always, to constant attempts to arrive at solutions of problems, endeavoring to alleviate tragedy and
heartbreak and ease suffering. But the year has been marked by more than just the continuation of past duties. An increasingly active
board, through its various committees, dedicated much of its time to self-evaluation. And it is anticipated that there will be a new written
policy statement and a new set of by-laws in effect by the end of calendar I960. The chances seem somewhat brighter that by the time
of this printing, the Agency should have a second full time caseworker sharing with the Executive Director the ever-increasing case load.
Your contributions to the Community Chest-United Fund and the Jewish Community Council make our service possible. (The Chest
allocated $17,844 of our annual budget of $29,827 and the Council allocated up to two-thirds of a case worker’s salary and the cost of
resettlement of New American families). The unusually generous contribution by the Jewish Community of good clothing, furniture and
household equipment, has made it possible for the agency to share these items with clients and with other agencies, thus stretching the
limited funds available for financial help.
May we ask for two other things of those fortunate enough to be able to do them? Our need for foster homes for children and the
aged is urgent! Usually, when there is a need for this ’ last resort” temporary care, the need is pressing. Please help us be ready to meet
the needs. Not only is there the satisfaction of contributing a vital service but there is also financial renumeration. If you are an employer,
please check with us, when you are filling vacant positions. Many skilled local persons check with us to see if we know of vacancies. Oth¬
ers, especially in the older and teen age groups with whom we are working, can best be helped by being given an opportunity to help
themselves.
BOB's TV SERVICE
12711 N. MAIN ST. PHONE PO 8-1928
HARRISON DAIRY PRODUCTS CO.
800 JAMES ST. EV 7-7115
COMPLIMENTS
HALL ELECTRICAL CO.
227 - 229 EAST UNION STREET EL 3-8653
VICTORS ALUMINUM
WINDOWS & DOORS
3291 W. BEAVER EV 4-6435
ATLAS SEWING CENTERS, INC.
SALES and SERVICE
• Sewing Machines • Vacuum Cleaners
5838 MAIN STREET PO 5-4661 — PO 5-5541
BEST WISHES FOR A HEALTHY & HAPPY NEW YEAR
JAX AUTO PARTS
MR. <S MRS. JACK GOLDBERG
1318 W. CHURCH ST. EL 4-4388
Please Remember our Advertisers — They Deserve your Patronage
169
