A Message from Rabbi Weiner
As we approach our second High
Holy Day season in Jacksonville, Judith,
Joseph and I want to express our
gratitude for the warm welcome
extended to us by the Jacksonville
Jewish Center family. It is a privilege to
take part in the leadership of this vibrant
community at such a critical juncture in
its development.
Over the past year, I have made
meeting and listening to Center members a top priority.
In homes and hospital rooms, as well as at kiddush,
classes and social events, I have enjoyed the depth of
conversation and variety of ideas you have shared with
me. Every day I learn more about this community and
what makes it tick - and how it might grow. And every
day I appreciate being surrounded by an accomplished,
creative team of professionals, all deeply devoted to
serving and enlivening the interlocking Center
communities.
I am particularly excited about a number of
initiatives for the coming year, all based on our
conversations. In particular I would like to highlight
our ongoing education program, which is growing by
leaps and bounds. Our religious school and preschool
will offer monthly family education programming,
emphasizing Jewish insights into the tasks of parenting
and strengthening the connections among home, school
and our tradition. Cantor Ben-Moshe and I are
developing two types of classes together - a workshop
helping participants in services grow
more comfortable leading them, and a
brand new course, entitled Mysticism
for Meaning, which will employ the
language and constructs of kabbalah to
address the issues of daily living.
Furthermore we plan to start a new
adult bar-bat mitzvah class in January,
providing a context for men and women
to deepen their connection to Judaism
and celebrate their learning as adults.
Of course ongoing education is but one area of
growth. Synaplex Shabbat programming promises to
enhance worship and community at the Center. I am
also working with our day school Jewish Studies
teachers to build and implement a new curriculum to
intensify our students’ spiritual lives through traditional
and contemporary prayer. Our motivated mitzvah
committee volunteers perpetually discover new ways
to reach out to other members of our community, and
we continue to deepen our congregation’s relationship
with area hospital chaplains. Finally we are pursuing a
forum for seniors to gather on a monthly basis for
informal classes, lunch and relaxed social time.
I hope that the coming months will bring joy,
blessing and renewal for all of us.
Judith and Joseph join me in wishing you a good
and sweet new year.
— Rabbi David Weiner
Rabbi David Weiner
7
