A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
I’m a Stranger Here Myself.. .
While studying in Israel many years
ago I was invited to a Shabbat dinner in Mea
Shearim, an ultra-orthodox neighborhood of
Jerusalem. I had never met my hosts; the
invitation came from a third party, a man who
used to spend his days connecting hungry
college students with observant families.
In the gathering dusk of a Friday
evening, I knocked on the door of my hosts’
home. Stranger though I was, they welcomed
me like a long-lost relative. Eighteen of us
were packed around the table - husband and
wife, the couple’s ten children, three visiting
cousins, in addition to two other college students invited in
the same manner as I had been.
Their poverty was conspicuous. As we finished an
exceedingly modest meal, I realized how little this family had,
how daunting the task of feeding so many hungry mouths.
Nonetheless, the couple emphatically informed us that we had
favored them by accepting their hospitality, rather than the
other way around!
The Torah bids us to perform the mitzvah of
hakhnasat orhim, which is often narrowly translated as
“welcoming guests.” Yet Jewish hospitality is about far more
than planning a dinner party or having company. From a
traditional perspective, we fulfill this precept by reaching out
to the stranger with nowhere to go, the individual on the
margins, those who are hungry, lonely or in need.
The spirituality of welcoming engenders an
empathetic transcendence of self, a heightened awareness in
which the sight of a newcomer reminds us of a time or place
when our own unfamiliarity bred awkwardness and anxiety.
Over and over the Torah commands such empathy in different
situations, ending each injunction with the words “for you,
too, were once strangers in the land of Egypt.”
To extend an authentic Jewish welcome requires us
as a congregation to cultivate an empathetic sixth sense for
those making their first tentative foray into the Center’s
building. For some it may be their first time in our synagogue;
for others it will be their first time
in a synagogue anywhere. We,
who feel at home because we
have walked through the door
countless times, must make the
effort to put ourselves in the place
of the person who knows no one
in our congregation and nothing
about our community.
Genuine hospitality also requires
that we feel good about ourselves, for a host
ill-at-ease and apologetic about the
household’s furniture will invariably transmit
that discomfort to visitors. We should be
proud of the spiritual furnishings that define
us as a Conservative synagogue: an allegiance
to halakhic process, a commitment to
substantive Jewish education, a belief in the
centrality of Hebrew to a healthy sense of
Jewish peoplehood, the support of a daily
minyan, a love of tradition that does not
preclude a mind open to new ideas. If we are
eager to welcome others into our midst, it is
precisely because we are enthusiastic about our spiritual riches
and want to share them with others.
According to midrash the biblical character of Job
was among the most hospitable individuals imaginable, going
so far as to build doors on all four sides of his house so that
travelers from any direction could enter his home without
detour or delay. In the end, however, Job’s generosity was
deemed insufficient because it was ultimately passive; rather
than go outside to extend his invitations, he remained within
the house and waited for wayfarers to enter on their own
(Avot d’Rabbi Natan 7:1).
In marked contrast to Job’s example, our ancestors,
Abraham and Sarah, eschewed the path of inertia. They went
forth from the confines of their tent and actively encouraged
travelers to accept their hospitality. Taking its cue from
Abraham’ behavior, tradition boldly proclaims that welcoming
the stranger is an even greater mitzvah than receiving the
Divine Presence! (Babylonian Talmud, Shabbat 127a).
Judaism is a religion of threshold experiences . . .
which is one reason why we affix mezuzot to the doors of a
Jewish home. As we embark upon a New Year, let us reflect
anew upon the paradigm of Abraham and Sarah as well as the
cardinal value of a truth as old as Judaism itself. Building
community begins at the entrance to the tent; for it is only the
warm, heartfelt embrace of the stranger that may inspire him to
explore the wondrous spiritual universe beyond the lobby.
Susan, Avichai, Elior,
Itamar and I wish you and your
loved ones health, happiness and
tranquility. May God favor our
world with peace and
understanding in the year ahead.
rannm mron nmu
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
