Celebrating the Expanding Role of Women
in the Religious Life of Our Congregation
Over the course of the past three decades, Conservative Judaism has evolved into a movement
firmly committed to egalitarian worship. In our own congregation, we completed the journey to the
equality of obligation for men and women this past year.
In his Rosh Hashanah message last year, Rabbi Lubliner observed, “Becoming egalitarian isn’t
simply about counting the woman who happens to be the tenth person through the door. It’s really
about finding the eleventh, inviting the twelfth, and welcoming the twentieth on any ordinary day into
the warm embrace of holy community and sacred time.”
Throughout the fall months, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner conducted a series of seminars
on egalitarian practice, reviewing the traditional sources on the subject, tracing its history in the
Conservative Movement, and exploring the various halakhic models of implementation proposed
by different scholars.
In a landmark decision in January 2007, the Officers and Board of Directors of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center officially sanctioned the move to egalitarian practice as delineated by Rabbi Lubliner’s
responsum on the subject and the Religious Committee’s approval.
In his systematic analysis of the issue, Rabbi Lubliner concluded, “In a movement that has
become overwhelmingly egalitarian and in a society that takes gender equality for granted, women
generally view themselves as having the same prayer obligations as men,” and upon that basis, “may
count in the Center’s minyan, and are eligible to serve as shlihot tzibbur, prayer leaders, at all
services.”
On Shabbat morning, February 17, 2007, we inaugurated egalitarian practice with a special
ceremony to mark this milestone in our congregation’s history. That morning, Tania Yegelwel led
Shaharit and Lois Tompkins davened Musaf, the first women at the Jacksonville Jewish Center to
do so since its founding more than a century ago.
Becoming egalitarian is a bridge to the future, not simply a destination - an historic step, rather
than the last stop. As we contemplate new pathways to meaningful prayer, we shall continue to
embrace the greater challenge of making our services more accessible and meaningful to an ever
more varied community.
1
