A Message from the President
I can’t believe I am already writing my
second yearbook article to our congregation
as President of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
For nearly the past year and a half, we have
been working hard to improve the quality of
Jewish life for our entire congregation.
Whether in our sanctuary, our schools, our
campgrounds, or any other part our facility,
we have tried to make each and every member
feel more welcome and more engaged. It is my
hope that the foundation we are currently
laying will be a fertile building ground for
communal Jewish growth for years to come.
At the start of my term as President, our Executive
Committee set three clear, attainable goals for our first year. 1)
Develop and write the first ever mission statement for the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. 2) Evaluate and recommend
relevant changes to our current by-laws and 3) Develop a
cohesive marketing plan with a focus on attracting new
members. I am happy to report that we have made great strides
in all three areas.
Under the leadership of Harris Rittenberg, and with the
help of many of you, we have written and passed our first JJC
mission statement. I believe this statement, written out below,
encompasses the spirit and direction of the future of our
synagogue.
The mission of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
inspire our members to live a fulfilling Jewish life. Through
meaningful worship services, excellent educational and youth
programs, and dynamic cultural activities, we encourage
individuals of all backgrounds to grow and participate in the
vibrant life of our synagogue community. Guided by the
principles and values of Conservative Judaism, we are
committed to meeting, every day, the diverse spiritual and life
cycle needs of our members.
At the time we wrote this important statement, I had no
idea of the true impact a mission statement could have. What
I have learned, however, has been remarkable. Our mission
statement has become a litmus test for every decision we
make at the Center. When looking at new programming,
evaluating existing programs, or considering any major change,
we ask ourselves, does this fit the mission of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. If the answer is no, we stop there, but should
the answer be yes, we then can move forward and evaluate
any pros and cons of the particular program.
Under the leadership of Etta Fialkow, we have worked
diligently to evaluate our current by-laws. Unlike our mission
statement, we were not starting with a blank canvas. For more
than 100 years, our by-laws have guided our congregation
through our challenges and our good times.
Our founders, and those who have followed,
put a great deal of time and effort into drafting
these by-laws to reflect the principles and
values of our members. It has been a crucial
task to ensure that these principles and values
are preserved while allowing for changes that
better reflect our synagogue today. I would
like to thank everyone that has played a role
in this critical task.
The final area of focus this past year
has been our commitment to membership and
marketing. Membership is the life blood of
any synagogue, and will be a vital component for us in the
years to come. New Jewish families move to Jacksonville all
the time. Unaffiliated families decide to become affiliated for
many different reasons. We all know that the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is a wonderful place to experience Judaism, but
how will these prospective members learn what we know so
well? To accomplish this goal, we have had to reinvent the
way we think. Why do we exist? What responsibility do we
have to the greater Jewish community? What does the Torah
teach us about the spirituality of welcoming? There is no
easy solution. We must continue to focus on recruitment and
retention, while remaining committed to values and principles
of Conservative Judaism.
We have much work to do. Should we be successful
in our efforts, I doubt years from now people will remember
the challenges that existed in 5767. Should we fail, however, I
promise they will. Please join me in ensuring that we leave the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a better synagogue than we found it.
On behalf of my entire family, I wish everyone a Happy
and Healthy New Year and look forward to working with you
in the year to come.
B’ Shalom,
Sandy Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
15
