Committees and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
- 2006-2008 Officers
President
Etta Fialkow
Education VP
Janice Knack
Membership VP
Cindy Silverberg
Ways & Means VP
Lita Poehlman
Program VP
Lara Werwa
Torah Fund VP
Jane Grann
Youth VP
Andy Raitt
Treasurers
Ellen Rosner
Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary
Missy Frisch
Recording Secretary
Elissa Vining
Corresponding Secretary
Marla Lewis
Social Secretary
Margaret Rose
Parliamentarian
Wendy Honigman
Nominating Committee
Joanne Rosenberg
As I look back on what Sisterhood has done
this past year, I am proud of what Sisterhood has
accomplished.
Sisterhood continues to support our children,
by providing snacks during the High Holidays,
scholarships for camp and college travel, presenting
Shabbat candlesticks to our B’nai Mitzvah and
Tanakhs (Hebrew Bibles) to our Confirmands , as
well as Leagrams for both occasions. Sisterhood
also subsidizes the Selevan Religious School and
the Center Youth Department.
Sisterhood members served coffee and juice at the Center’s Back to
School Bash, last fall, and baked thousands of hamantashen that were given
out in the schools, at Shabbat Kiddush, on Purim, and at the Purim carnival.
We help more than just the Center. Sisterhood donated food to JFCS’s
Feed a Needy Neighbor program, sponsored a blood drive, and supported the
Jewish Theological Seminary through Torah Fund.
We prayed together at both the Sisterhood Rosh Hodesh Minyan and
Sisterhood Shabbat. At Sisterhood Shabbat this year, we recognized three
more women in the Women’s League Kolot biK’dushah program that
recognizes Sisterhood members who have the skills to either act as a ba’alat
tefillah (service leader) or ba’alat kri’ah (Torah reader), or both: Lois
Tompkins, Wendy Brezin and Aliza Morris. We also recognized nine
post-bat mitzvah girls who have acquired Torah reading and/or davening skills
in the Banot biK’dushah program: Gabrielle Magid, Emily Levine, Leah
Robbins, Leah Friedman, Alexandra Silverberg, Sara Plotkin, Kara
Levine, Debra Mizrahi and Dana Rogozinski.
Etta Fialkow
President
Sisterhood women studied together at the monthly Sisterhood Seminars
with interesting discussions led by Rabbis Lubliner and Weiner. We learned
about JTS from cantorial student, Lance Rhodes, at our Torah Fund luncheon,
about wines from former food critic and Center member Larry Lazar, how to
decorate our homes by Lavinia Kubiak, interior decorator for Liberty
Furniture, and how to play mah jongg from several of our
own mavens. Barbara Teitelman delivered a terrific
book review.
Our Sisterhood Judaica Shop is an ongoing source
of funding for our projects and at the same time offers a
wide selection of religious articles, Judaic books and
lifecycle gifts. Funds are also derived from the sale of
Rosh Hashana flower sales, Leagrams and Nachas tax.
Our major fundraiser this year, the “Celebrate Israel Art
Show,” not only netted us profits for our many projects, it
helped showcase the Center and brought in many people
to taste Israeli wine and to hear members of the Christian
community explain their love of Israel. The show was
provided by the Safrai Gallery in Jerusalem.
Attending the Women s League Spring Conerence were: (l to r) front
row - Maxine Romo, Joanne Rosenberg, Etta Fialkow; back row -
Phyllis Goldberg, Estelle Beckerman, Barbara Safer, Lara Werwa.
Join us for another great year of Sisterhood activities.
— Etta Fialkow
27
