Ritual Department
Religious Committee
Bruce Horovitz and Marco Rand, Chairmen
The year 5767 was historie in the religious life of
our synagogue. On Rosh Hashana, Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner delivered a memorable sermon that started our
congregation on a path toward full egalitarian practice.
In the months that followed, the Religious
Committee sponsored a series of Sunday morning
seminars in which Rabbis Lubliner and Weiner provided
halakhic references, practical applications in synagogue
rituals and information about other congregations to
enlighten our members.
In January, the Religious Committee endorsed Rabbi
Lubliner’s responsum on egalitarian practice at the Center.
It was adopted by the Board of Directors and women
became part of the quorum at the daily minyan.
To celebrate this milestone, Tania Yegelwel led
Shaharit and Lois Tompkins led Musaf at Shabbat
services on February 17,2007. It was the first time women
had done so in our synagogue. Since then, the Religious
Committee has worked with our rabbis to structure ritual
practices that have naturally evolved from egalitarianism.
We have also been exploring ways in which our
services and general environment can be more welcoming.
Monthly alternative services have generated great
interest and enthusiasm from worshippers. The Religious
Committee looks forward to another year of great spiritual
growth in 5768.
Religious committee members for 5767 were: Jack
Bettman, Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Fred Blum, Robert
Bossen, Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis
Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg, Phyllis
Goldberg, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Joseph
Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Fred Kupperman zM,
Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid, Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery
Morris, Barbara Safer, Eliot Safer, David Schmerer, Joe
Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein, Karen
Southall, Edward Tannen, and Dan Wohl.
Daily Minyan Captains
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten
adults, may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be
recited. Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there
is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It is because
of them that you can recite kaddish when you mourn or
observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to
those who served as minyan captains during the past
year: Robin Allerding, Robert Bossen, Stella Finck,
Robert Handmaker, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Fred
Kupperman7'1 Jack Mizrahi, Jack Silverman, David
Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Russell Selevan, Wayne
Southall z’‘, Edward Tannen, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan
Yegelwel, Sandy Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan
a week. Call Marco Rand at 737-9761.
A Message from the Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
The Torah is God s most precious gift to the House of Israel.
Without Torah, Israel is like a body without a soul.
Like water, it refreshes and purifies.
Like wine, it gladdens the heart.
Like a crown, it exalts those who adorn their lives with it.
It is nobler than the crown of priesthood or royalty.
When Torah entered the world, freedom entered the world as
well. The whole Torah exists only to establish peace.
Its first and last aim is to teach love and kindness.
What is hateful to you, do not do to others.
When the voice of Jacob is head, the hand of Esau
does not prevail. When people study Torah,
Gods presence dwells among them.
God of heaven and earth, grant abundant peace to teachers
of Torah, their students, and the students of their students.
For all those who study Torah, may they be blessed with
grace, love, compassion, a joyful life and sustenance.
May the Holy One who causes peace to reign on high,
cause it to descend upon us, on all Israel,
and upon all humankind.
Amen.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the process
that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we
have maintained a high level of participation in reading
Torah. The commitment and encouragement of our
synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure that
this quality standard will be continued for many generations
to come.
I would also like to thank all of our teachers for their
continued support and cooperation and on behalf of
Suzanne, Casie, Aron and myself wish you a happy and
healthy New Year.
Shana Tova,
— Scott Zimmerman
21
