Committees and Organizations
Adult Education Committee
Lita Poehlman, chair
The year 5767 was an exciting one for
Adult Education at the Center, beginning with
High Holiday University before Selichot
Services in September. Informative and
entertaining seminars were presented on
shofar blowing, holiday cooking, liturgical
melodies and creative arts, as well as special
teen programs.
In October, we were
honored to have Albert Barry
present his award winning
documentary, “The Lost
Wooden Synagogues of
Eastern Europe,” to the general
community as well as a special
viewing for the Religious and
Day School students. Mr.
Barry spent 35 years
researching these synagogues
which once numbered over
1000 throughout the shtetls
of Eastern Europe. Today,
only remnants of a few are
still standing. A DVD is
available for special
showings through the Adult
Education Committee.
Pamela S. Nadell, Professor of History
and Director of the Jewish Studies Program
at American University in Washington D.C.,
was our scholar in residence for the annual
Safer Shabbaton in February. The theme for
the Shabbaton was
“Community,
Diversity and America’s Jews:
The Past Illuminates the
Present”. It was a truly
amazing weekend of learning
and sharing ideas with many
opportunities for discussion.
Most of us were left wanting
more when it was over. Todah
rabah to Doris & Jeff
Goldstein for hosting our Saturday evening Patron
reception.
In June, “If You’ve Ever Wondered.. An
Introduction to Judaism” was again offered with Karen
Hamilton, Judith Weiner, Karen Southall and Edith
Horovitz as instructors. The course consists of 24
sessions that will end in December. This year we had
33 people enroll in the class, many with conversion as
their end goal.
Courses in beginner’s Hebrew reading were
offered and taught by Arlene Yegelwel, Lenny
Maiman and Moti Demri.
Renowned author and lecturer, Gil Mann, was our
Setzer-Levit Family Program speaker in December. He
arrived early and addressed the Jacksonville Jewish
Educator’s Council on “4 Ways to Fix Jewish Education
and They Don’t Have to Cost More
Money.” Topics covered at the
Setzer-Levit Family Program were:
“Raising Jewish Children and
Grandchildren who will Want to be
Jewish” and “Sex, God, Christmas
& Jews: Judaism in the Age of the
Internet,” which is also the title of
his latest book. Mr. Mann also
presented a brief program on Friday
evening for parents and children during the Day School
PTA’s Kabbalat Shabbat service, where he spoke about
why we bless our children and had all the parents present
bless their children.
Topping off the year were an assortment of
opportunities for study in all areas of Judaism with our
rabbis and lay teachers. Rabbi Lubliner offered
“Coffee & Torah” and Talmud. “Spiritual Wisdom from
the Hasidic Masters” was presented by Rabbis Lubliner
and Weiner, while Rabbi Weiner conducted “Healing
Services” and “Think Like a Rabbi.”
In preparation for adoption of the milestone
resolution to adopt egalitarian practices at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner
presented three Sunday seminars. The first session
covered various texts from rabbinic literature relevant
to questions about women’s religious requirements, status
in a minyan and the precedent for leading services. The
other two sessions examined halakhic approaches to
egalitarianism and their practical impact on ritual life
within a synagogue.
25
