Committees and Organizations
2007-08 Center Choir
For over 59 years, the Center Choir has been
enhancing services on the High Holidays and Shavuot
with moving liturgical music. Over the years, they have
given numerous concerts featuring members of the choir,
and nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current
members have been singing with this group for twenty
years or more. New members are always welcome.
Call Raymond Cohen 733-6979.
2007-2008 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Lois Gosa, Debby
Kaye, Michael Kuhr, Stevie Levine, Henry
Lasris, Lenny Maiman, Karen Morse, Judy
Geller Nevel, David Organes, Peggy Organes,
Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth
Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon
and Steve Solomon.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum and Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and
Festivals, ushers help to maintain synagogue decorum,
which preserves the beauty of the service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were
our ushers this past year: Scott Allerding, Stuart
Appelbaum, Scott Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred
Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike Herring, Mark
Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris, Carl Passen,
Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman, Sandy
Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga,
David Schmerer, Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter,
Harry Shmunes, Randall Smith, Steve Solomon,
Tom Spriggs and Leon Yergin.
Membership Committee
Shirley Bielski and Tali Zaifert, Chairs
As Membership co-chairs, we are committed to
the growth of our synagogue family by providing a
welcoming atmosphere to newcomers as well as our
long-standing members. All Center members are
automatically part of the Membership Committee and
ambassadors of our congregations. We encourage
everyone to join us and become involved in the formation
of Havurot and programming for Young Families, Empty
Nesters, and Singles. Thank you to the many volunteers
who have involved themselves in the past year’s
activities such as:
• Young Family Shabbat dinners
• Holiday Shopping Bazaar
• New Member Sunday morning brunch
at the Center
• New Member “coffee and dessert” evening
at the home of Robin and Jeff Morris
• 2nd annual Father’s Day Pool Bash
We join our families in wishing our Center family
a Shanah Tovah and best wishes for a year ahead of
growth and friendship.
23
