Special Events
5767 Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival
of Sukkot. Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On
Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin
anew. An ancient tradition evolved of honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last
reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In our synagogue tradition, we
also honor the contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil, “Woman of Valor”.
Russell Selevan
Hatan Torah
Dr. Harris Rittenberg
Hatan Bereshit
Susan Levine
Ayshet Hayil
Russell Selevan
lives by the words
Vdor v’dor. On
Shabbat he even
sits in the seat in
which his father,
Bernard Selevan2’1,
sat. His parents
gave him strong
values of devotion to family, love of
Judaism and commitment to synagogue
and community. He sets that same
example for his family. The honor of
Hatan Torah is especially significant for
Russell, as his father had received this
honored years ago and this occasion
further honors his memory.
Growing up, Russell felt that the
Center was his second home. It’s where
he attended kindergarten and first grade
and later Hebrew school, as well as
participated in Youth Basketball and
USY
After receiving a Bachelor’s and
a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from the University of
Florida, Russell settled into the family
business, Ja-Ru, where he has built a 35
year career.
Russell is a minyan captain, Board
member and major supporter of the
synagogue. He has been a Vice President
of our congregation since 1998 and
successfully chaired the sale of
sanctuary seats a few years ago. A busy
man, he still found time to coach his
daughter’s basketball teams at the
Center.
In addition, Russell is involved
in the Jewish community working for
JNF and the Federation, among others.
Mazel tov to Russell & Fran,
daughters Jackie and Hope, and all the
members of his loving family.
Harris Rittenberg
is the very model of
a modern mensch.
A devoted family
man, respected
professional and
dedicated
synagogue and
community leader.
He is deeply involved in Jewish
education and programs that strengthen
the future of our congregation. He is
also one of the most sincere and genuine
people you will ever meet. Harris is
friendly to all, willing to help and modest
about his considerable achievements.
Born and raised in Charleston,
South Carolina, Harris graduated from
the University of Florida with a degree
in Chemistry, in 1979, and from the
Medical University of South Carolina
College of Dentistry, in 1983, where he
received the Mosby Award for
Excellence. He was also President of the
College of Dentistry. Harris has been
practicing Dentistry in Jacksonville
since 1986.
Harris has been a member of the
Center’s Board of Directors for many
years. He is a past chairman of the
Adult Education Committee and the
synagogue’s current Treasurer and
member of the Executive Board. He also
served on a committee that developed a
mission statement for our synagogue.
Active in the Jewish community,
Harris is a past Vice President of the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation and
currently sits on that Board. He is a past
recipient of the llene Selevan Young
Leadership Award.
We extend our mazel tov wishes
to Harris & Meryl, their daughters Luria
and Shira, as well as their entire family.
Sue Levine lets her
programming at the
community. A
busy mother and wife, Sue juggles
carpool and a myriad of committee
assignments with grace and aplomb.
She truly exemplifies a “Woman of
Valor” in all aspects of her life.
Sue Levine was born and raised
in Philadelphia, but Jacksonville has
become her home town since she and
husband, Mitch moved here in 1988 from
Stamford, Connecticut.
Sue earned both a B.A. and M.A.
in Business Administration from
Vanderbilt University, where she was a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Beta
Gamma Sigma honor societies. After
college, she began a career in
Investment Management, first in
Pennsylvania and later in Jacksonville.
Sue is a Chartered Financial Analyst and
President of the Jacksonville Chapter of
the Financial Analyst Society.
Sue has served as Day School
PTA President, chair of several Day
School committees, Education
Committee co-chair and Raffle co-chair.
Sue is currently the co-Vice President
of Education, and member of the Center
Executive Committee. She is also a past
Center Sisterhood Recording Secretary.
Sue and Mitch were honored by
JNF and the State of Israel Bond
organization for their commitment to
Judaism, synagogue and community.
Mazel tov to Sue & Mitch, their
daughters Stefanie, Kara, Emily and
Jenna, and their entire extended family.
