Committees and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
2007-2008
Men’s Club Officers
President
Dan Wohl
Vice President
Neil Gordon
Secretary
Devon Rubin
Treasurer
Harry Peltz
Board Member
Moti Demri
Steve Gross
Brad Herbst
Mike Herring
Bruce Phillips
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
ToddWerwa
Past Presidents
IraGrann
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is an organization dedicated
to the enrichment of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish community. The
Men’s Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work together
supporting, sponsoring, and participating in programs that bring meaning to our
slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs (FJMC), an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy
and traditions of Conservative Judaism. Many of our programs have earned
your Men’s Club First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards from FJMC
in years past, and we continue to participate in a wide range of programs and
activities. We distribute Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so that every
congregant can honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah. We
sponsor seminars on the “Hearing Men’s Voices” series on issues involving
family, religion, career and health for the Jewish man in today’s world.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with youth and education leaders
to support your children and the Center youth organizations. We are available
to help with synagogue activities and youth conventions. We sponsor the Yad
Shel Chai (Hand of Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize and
reward our youth for reading Torah on Shabbat and holidays. The Men’s Club
Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each spring to one teacher in the
Center schools who best represents the life commitment necessary to bring a
quality learning experience to Jewish children. Each year, we give Kiddush
cups to every Bar and Bat Mitzvah, as well as Kiddush cup sets to Confirmation
students. We raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund,
which provides children, who otherwise would not have been able to do so,
with the opportunity to attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment
programs
The Men’s Club is also a great way to meet people, make friends and
have fun. Our members regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play
pick-up softball and touch football games, depending on the season, of course!
Over the years, we have gone on deep sea fishing trips and have had family
outings to sporting events, such as the Jacksonville Suns baseball and
Barracudas ice hockey games. In the fall, our annual Membership Kickoff
Party features lunch and raffles while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play
an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the
year, Men’s Club members help with Sukkot and Lag B’Omer programs and
we lead and participate in Men’s Club Shabbat. You will find us ushering at
morning services every Shabbat and on Holidays. We are members of the
Board of Directors. We are your children’s teachers. We are your husbands,
friends, fathers and sons.
If you are at least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community, membership in the Men’s Club is yours to enjoy.
Give us a call. Come on out to an activity. See what’s new. I think you’ll feel
good sharing your time and lending support with other guys like you!
— Dan Wohl, Men’s Club President
29
