Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main St. to Winona St. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on 43rd Street.
The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Middle School students of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School and the Etgar class of the
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School learn
about the respectful care of the dead, including
tending of burial sites. As a mitzvah project, the
students annually visit the Center Cemetery to
clean and care for negelected headstones. We
are proud and grateful to these children for
performing an important mitzvah.
Contributions can be made to the
Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved
ones. All donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
Students from the Religious School
Etgar Class cleaned unattended
headstones.
— Committee 2007-2008 -
We thank the
volunteerswho serve on
this important committee:
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Elyse Whitman
Seeman Zimmerman
Hevra Kaddisha
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laymen from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer, guardian, will stay at the side of the deceased
reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call
any of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our
motto.
Officers 2007-2008
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President/
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah -
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
57
