Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Parent-Teacher Association
Our PTA is committed to enhancing the educational opportunities for our
children in the Center Schools. We are a volunteer organization that relies on the
creativity and energy of our parents, teachers, and staff.
Our volunteers provide outstanding programs and services such as Red Ribbon
Day (Drug Awareness), Mystery Reader, Vision Screening, Holiday Observance,
Shabbat Boxes, and the publication of our year book, The Pride. Last year was an
outstanding year for our organization. We supplemented our traditional programming
with new opportunities for family and friends to interact with our school community
including our Chai Hike which raised approximately $1,700 for Jewish Family and
Community Services, our Shabbat Dinners, our mitzvah trip to enhance the entrance
at Mt. Carmel, and our Parent/Grandparent Lunches. Our Kaleidoscope Day (Day
of the Arts), “Art Around the World” immersed our children into the cultural arts of
China and Africa.
Our PTA has been tremendously successful in strengthening our children’s
educational resources through our fundraising. Every classroom in our schools
continues to be enhanced by PTA funds. Your generous support of our fundraising
endeavors is appreciated and necessary to help us in our mission to support our
outstanding principals, Lois Thompkins, Shereen Canady, and Carole Goldberg.
Please join us as we work together to create a nurturing community of
knowledgeable Jews and responsible citizens.
B’Shalom,
Debbie Banks
r 2007-08 PTA Officers
President
Debbie Banks
Past-President
Amy Goodman
Fundraising VP
Jami Shapiro
Membership VP
Kim Israel
Programming VP
Caren Appel
Services VPs
Faye Mizrahi
Lisa Wolfson
Secretary
Alyse Nathans
Treasurer
Sara Gross
Preschool Liaison
Andrea Mail
Andrea Hernandez
Technology Coordiator
2007-08 Resource Teachers
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Coordinator
Louise Leonard liana Manasse
Librarian Judaica Staff
Coordinator
Jay Sandler
Music
85
