— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
Message from the Early Childhood Director
The first five years of a child’s life
is a unique and special time. A child’s
early years are critical to their future
growth and development. We are
dedicated to providing an outstanding
early childhood program which
emphasizes Jewish life and values in a
caring, developmentally appropriate, and
stimulating environment. Working with
our families, our goal is to provide our
students with a strong academic and social
foundation that encourages a life-long
love of learning. Everyone at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool is
committed to supporting your family in raising healthy,
happy, and secure children that will be successful in school
and in life.
Each day at the Preschool our children are singers,
readers, dancers, writers, builders, explorers and friends.
Our curriculum follows child-centered, developmentally
appropriate practices with strong emphasis on
constructive, hands-on activities, imaginative play and
rich sensorial experiences. The children’s daily routine
includes circle time, music and movement, stories,
literacy and mathematics activities, art, science, cooking
projects, and outdoor play in our spacious and beautiful
playgrounds.
Our children live in Jewish time in our classrooms,
where they celebrate Jewish holidays, honor Shabbat,
develop a love for Israel, and learn about the Torah. Our
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
warm and caring teachers reinforce
important everyday values that parents
teach like hachnasat orchim (welcoming
guests) and performing mitzvot.
You will see many new, smiling
faces in our halls and classrooms, as we
welcome over 30 new families and
several new teachers. We will continue
to offer all our wonderful resource
classes including Judaica with Mora
Rachel & Mora Miriam three times a
week, music with Ms. Zina, Playball
with Coach Martha and Computer Tots
with Mr. Alex. We will continue to offer our unique
“mommy & me” program, Shalom Baby. Rabbi
Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner will enrich our days
through their storytelling and interactions with our
classrooms.
Parents are encouraged to join our Preschool
Parent Group. Each month we meet to share our joys,
current preschool happenings, and to plan future events.
Parents are an important part of our school. With your
help we are able to offer creative programming, fresh
baked snacks, wonderful storytimes and so much more.
Haley Blount will be
joined by Jessie Shternshus and
their terrific Kids Club staff.
They will continue to offer an
organized and exciting afternoon
program for our extended day
students. Our weekly themes
and exciting Giant Steps
Program will provide
stimulating opportunities for full
and part-time care, to all our
families.
I am excited about the coming year and am
confident that this will be a year filled with much
happiness and learning. Thank you for entrusting us
with your precious little ones and we promise to make
it a truly special experience.
— Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Director
Shirley Thacker
Secretary
Haley Blount
Kids Club Coordinator
79
