— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
A Message from the Principal
As we Jews begin a new year, we
pause to reflect on the past, personally
reaffirming what was appropriate and just
and making amends for or changing that
which was not. As I look forward with
pride and anticipation to my second year
as principal of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School, I, too, must reflect on how I have
lived my life personally as well as what I
have accomplished professionally.
Education can be a key instrument
for change. As we are increasingly able
to connect globally, our educational
institution must provide the necessary tools and thinking
skills to ensure success for every child’s future. The
Day School has experienced significant change to
accomplish these goals over the past year, starting with
the acquisition of wireless technology available for every
student, bringing knowledge, invaluable teaching and
learning methods, and challenges to our fingertips. We
affirmed what we knew to be appropriate and just by
highlighting character values, reinforcing them in our
Chai Assemblies. We sought a closer connection among
all students and families of the Day School and with the
Preschool and Religious School, as well.
Carole Goldberg
Principal
involved in professional development,
specific to their fields or in general
education. All teachers will take part in
several workshops on Differentiated
Instruction, thus enhancing their ability
to create lessons and an environment in
which children with different learning
styles gain confidence and learn
optimally. Plans are underway for new
programming and expansion of our arts
and P.E. programs, ensuring that we
educate the whole child.
Unique to the Day School is what I
envision as a variety of colorful threads, gently
encircling each child, weaving them into a tapestry that
becomes the essence of our school. The basis for the
design of this tapestry is the performance of mitzvoth,
study of Torah, love of learning, and the sweetness of
thoughtful prayer. We will continue to reaffirm these
thousands of years of traditions, for they truly warrant
no change.
To our Jewish Center family, especially becoming
so dear to us in this last year, my children and I wish
you all that is sweet and good for the New Year.
In the coming year (and years) we are anticipating — Carole Goldberg
and planning for positive growth to accomplish our
vision for the Day School. Our teachers are constantly
Jessie Roman
Administrative Assistant
83
