— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism Framework for Excellence School
A Message from the Religious School Director
The Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School experienced a healthy
growth last year, especially in the
Kindergarten through 2nd grade classes,
who meet only on Sundays. This
beginning level of our program is
designed to introduce our eager younger
students to Hebrew letters and
vocabulary, Jewish holidays, Torah
heroes and mitzvoth. Combined with
educational and entertaining family
programming, it concentrates on instilling
a love of our rich cultural heritage. We
even added a periodic “Tot Spot” this
year, designed so that even the littlest
ones can attend Sunday School - just like
the “big kids”!
For our older students, grades 3
through 7, we continue to provide a more
intense, 3 day a week program concentrating on Hebrew
fluency (prayer as well as conversational), history,
customs and rituals. We have ensured that our curriculum
runs parallel to the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
curriculum, so that any student can easily transition into
the Religious School and remain challenged in all levels.
We are actively utilizing a new tracking and assessment
system in these upper grades to assure that all students
progress at their own pace with reading and prayer skills.
Youth Congregations
Meet Shabbat mornings
11a.m. to Noon
Gan Shabbat
5years and under
Led by parent volunteers:
Andrea Mail, Marcy Rudowitz,
Jami Shapiro, Noemi Szoychen,
Judith Weiner and
Lynn Zimmerman
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
Led by Gabe Roth and Liat Walker
We welcomed the addition of Rabbi
David Weiner to our staff, who introduced
a new, highly-successful spiritual
component on Wednesday afternoons at
our school mincha service. The kids have
responded so well that we will continue
to expand this curriculum this coming
year. Rabbi Lubliner continued to visit our
school for holiday celebrations, monthly
“Ask the Rabbi” sessions, services and
discussions of some serious issues as they
occurred. Cantor Ben-Moshe
supplemented our prayer classes with
periodic reviews of our tunes and the
meaning of our liturgy. We look forward
to expanding the cantor’s involvement as
he leads our children in holiday songs this
year.
Rounding out this vigorous and
comprehensive curriculum are a strong Judaica
component and numerous family opportunities.
Facilitated by a dedicated and nurturing staff, our award¬
winning Religious School program continues to provide
a complete Jewish education that prepares our students
to enter the community as capable young adults.
We all look forward to a busy and inspiring new
school year.
— Lois Tompkins
2006-07 Religious School Staff
Front row, l to r: Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, Karen Hamilton, Lois Tompkins,
Peggy Organes, Daphne Woodard, Rivka Cohen and Alec Tompkins.
Back row, l to r: Marc Leventhal, Rabbi David Weiner, Eta Perras, Hannah Bendit,
Todd Morse, Karen Morse, Ben Morse and Scott Zimmerman.
Not pictured: Cantor Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Minda Gordon and David Schmerer.
Lois Tompkins
Director
91
