Educational
Hagigot HaSiddur - Consecration
First Grade students of the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School celebrated a Haggigat HaSiddur -
Consecration marking the beginning of their
formalHebrew education. In keeping with the Torah
portion of the week, Shemot, the class presented a
program about Hebrew names.
Mazel tov wishes are extended to the families
of the Consecrants: Hana Asor, Shira DuBow,
Hannah Elder, Joshua Feig, Hannah Gross, Allie
Israel, Sabrina Mail, Zarra Marlowe, Max
Mizrahi, Rachel Olive, Mongomery Philips,
Lance Schlecter, Carly Thomas, Claire
Thompson, Shelby Weiss, Allison Wolfson,
Ressa Zaifert and Josh Zimmerman.
Milestones
Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School Graduation
Shabbat evening, May 18, 2007
The graduation ceremony for the 7th grade Etgar
class marked the completion of Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School and promotion to Beit
Midrash Hebrew High. Students conducted the
congregational Kabbalat Shabbat service and were
presented with certificates of completion.
This year’s graduation class includes: Rachel
Buff, Tori Berger, Jake Friedman, Emily
Goldman, Laura Goldman, Shaina Katz, David
Mercatante, Rebekah Peltz, Zachary Sandler,
and Danielle Wirsansky. Todah rabah to teachers:
Marc Leventhal, Peggy Organes and Scott
Zimmerman.
Shavu’ot - Confirmation
6 & 7 Sivan • May 22-24, 2007
Shavu’ot celebrates the receiving of the Torah and
Ten Commandments. It is fitting that this festival should
acknowledge the accompanying sense of commitment
to Jewish life that Confirmation represents.
Throughout the festival, our Confirmands
demonstrated the knowledge they had gained through
completion of the Beit Midrash Hebrew High program
by fully participating in Shavu’ot services. In addition,
students read essays they had prepared on the theme
“Ami Ma’amin: This I Belive of God.” As is customary,
the Center Sisterhood gave each participant a booklet
of mazel tov greetings from members of the
congregation. The Center Men’s Club presented a
Kiddush cup to each Confirmand.
2007 Confirmands pictured with Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner: Jacob Allerding, Ariella Fleet, Mathew
Glassman, Michael Kessler, Stefanie Levine, Micah
Lewis, Gabrielle Margol, Benjamin Morse, Melissa
Neadle, Eddie Norton, Jennifer Richter, Jonathan
Rogozinski, Rachael Sail, Paul Sandler, Zachary
Sandler, Kathryn Schoettler, Abigail Weiss and Lisa
Zavon.
90
