Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14
has been a part of the
Jacksonville Jewish
Center youth program
for 68 years and is the
oldest pack in northeast
Florida with a
continuous charter.
Scouting continues to
create great leaders with
strong abilities while
enjoying wholesome
outdoor activities with
friends and family.
We started off the year at the St. Mary’s Fish Camp
where the scouts paddled kayaks, canoes and johnboats
all day in beautiful weather. The fishing was great as
well.
The shore of the Suwannee River is one of our all
time favorite places to camp. We canoed and hiked
during the day and told ghost stories and had an
amazing treasure hunt at night.
After surviving Indians, ghosts, and our own
shadows we braved 17 degree weather to camp at the
famous Civil War battlefield, Olustee. The pack hiked
on the Florida Trail right up to the reenactment with
the Confederate and Union armies. They saw
blacksmiths, gunsmiths, and ladies in dresses as big as
stagecoaches.
Little Talbot Island is one of the most fun
campgrounds around. It’s the total beach experience -
fishing, swimming, boating, kites, shells and more. You
even fall asleep listening to the sounds of the ocean.
The pack especially enjoyed an environmental hike at
night along the shoreline to keep the beaches clean.
The 2007 Pinewood
Derby was one of the
strongest races in recent
history. The cars were
fast and beautiful. The
pits were full and the
crews worked hard to
make last minute changes
to improve car
performance. After an
exciting event, Benjamin
Miller took home the
coveted award of the
Pinewood Derby Winner.
The last campout of the year at Ocala National
Forest was by far one of the best. Located deep inside
the forest right on a lake, it is possible to fish right from
your tent. Everything from birds and frogs to bears roam
the area and the sounds of the wild are everywhere.
A tube ride down the Ichetucknee River was a great
way to finish off a year in the great outdoors.
Congratulations to Michael Ansbacher,
Geoffrey Berlin, Barry Goodman, William Leonard,
Jacob Ruby, Sparky Vining, Tyler Williamson and
Samuel Yarish, who have completed the Cub Scout
program and will continue as fine young men in Boy
Scout Troop 14.
Leadership, advancement, family, community,
morals, personal growth. This is what scouting is about.
Get involved. Join Pack 14 today! E-Mail
m.pett@comcast.net
— Marty Pett, Cubmaster
105
