Community Organizations
American Friends of Magen David Adorn
It’s official. We have a new name - American Friends
of Magen David Adorn - ARMDI. Our mission, however,
remains the same - bringing the latest & best emergency care
to everyone in Israel.
During the 34 day conflict in Lebanon, nearly 4000
Hezbollah rockets fell over Northern Israel, straining MDA
resources. Staff and volunteers worked overtime to treat and
evacuate Israelis and satisfy the blood needs of every medical
facility in Israel. Miraculously, MDA was able to meet every
need during this Code Red Emergency. In a survey taken by
the IDF Home Front Command to assess the performance of
Israel’s human service providers during the war, MDA
outperformed every other organization including the police,
army and fire brigades.
Sderot is the latest community being bombarded by
rockets. Responding to the heightened needs of this small
city is just another part of what MDA does on a daily basis.
MDA has 100 Emergency Medical Stations in
communities throughout Israel, from large cities to small towns
and kibbutzim and 11 dispatch centers. These stations provide
emergency care and ambulance services 24/7.
Sending or purchasing Cards, Certificates or Shalach
Manot donations is an easy way help fund these Emergency
Stations. Vera & Mort Benjamin can offer assistance and
suggestions. Don’t hesitate to call them @ 387-9372.
Membership is easy and encouraged. For only $25, or
$200 Chapter Live, you can perform the mitzvah of pikkuach
nefesh. Mail you checks to: Mitzvah AFMDI-ARMDI, 10323
Docksider Dr E, Jacksonville FL 32257.
For us it’s only a check, for them it could mean life
itself.
2007 - 2008 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of ARMDI
Co-Presidents: Wendy Honigman & Joan Waitz
Membership Coordinator: Hana Schindler
Fund Raising Coordinators:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Past President:
Bulletin:
Cards/Donations:
Cirulation:
Concert:
Membership:
Outreach:
Publicity:
Raffle:
Retention:
At-Large Board:
Fee & Nathan Weiss
Leon Robins
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Chiel Wind, MD
Aviva Kraus
Naomie Bossen
Becky Bromberg
Penny Powell
Elisheva Shields & Bonnie Hardy
Ray Hardy
Elaine Furman
Bonnie Hardy
Gert Bernhardt
Hana Bendit, Fern Estner,
Joseph Honigman MD, Madelyn Glossman,
Jo Marks, Hannah Rosenberg, Rosea Wind
Emeritus Board: Ilse Gottlieb
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University National Women’s Committee
- known as B.U.N.W.C - is a national organization
dedicated to providing financial support for Brandéis
University and its Libraries.
Open to both men and women, there is no
requirement to be a graduate of Brandéis or of any
other university.
B.U.N.W.C.’s members enjoy a variety of Study
Groups that cover a range of topics. This year offers
such titles as Forbidden Tales of the Bible, Jews in the
Professions, Women s Lives, Traveling Gourmet, Reel
Special and Happy Happenings in the World.
We afford members an opportunity to continue
learning by participating or by leading - or both! Our
membership includes couples and singles, and our goal
is to stay informed while at the same time helping this
wonderful non-sectarian university founded by the
American Jewish community.
For more information, please feel free to call Hilda
Gelfman, our VP Membership, at 292-9890, or Pat
Evert, this year’s President, at 616-4825.
2007 - 2008 Officers
of Brandéis University Women’s Committee -
President:
Vice President/ Study Group VP:
Membership VP:
Program VPs:
Fundraising VP:
Pat Evert
Joanne Hull
Hilda Gelfman
Rae Halpern
Doris Singer
Gaye Feuer
177
