JCA
2007-2008
Executive Board
Steve Sherman
President
Randy M. Kammer
Vice Prsident
Katie Kight
Vice President
David C. Miller
Vice President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Jan Lipsky
Secretary
Charles Berman
Treasurer
Malcolm Bloom
Asst. Secretary/Treasurer
Kenneth B. Jacobs
Past President
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
Community Agencies
Jewish Community Alliance
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
The mission of the JCA is to strengthen Jewish life, serve as a common meeting
ground, and enhance the quality of life of the entire community. To aid us in that
mission, the JCA has completed a $4.6 million expansion project that includes a
4,500 square-foot, state-of-the-art fitness center with more than 100 pieces of strength
and cardiovascular equipment, a remodeled adult lounge, a new pottery and arts
studio, a new aerobics area and additional classrooms for the Early Childhood
Education program.
The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality programs
for people of all ages including: accredited summer camp and preschool, Mommy
and Me, after school care, young family programs, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer, J
Institute, mature adult activities, youth theatre, fitness and recreational programs,
Machón Aviv, Young Concert Artist series, Jewish education, culture and arts
programs, and by providing a place for family, “neighborhood,” and community
gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other
local synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and
celebrations. Some of the fabulous programs held this year included: Tuesday Torah,
Jewish Book Festival, special film showings of “Nowhere in Africa” and “Ushpizin,”
Yom HaShoah commemoration, and Yom Ha’Atzmaut celebration.
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you
to be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable
to all. Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs — after all, YOU
ALREADYBELONG
The JCA is the common meeting ground for the entire Jewish Community.
Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
River Garden Auxiliary is celebrating its
85th year, having started in 1922 as the Ladies
Hebrew Sheltering and Air Society. We provide
volunteer services to the residents of River
Garden Hebrew Home, as well as raise funds.
Please join us in our efforts, make new
friends and get that wonderful feeling that
comes from helping others. For information,
please call Carole Ort, Membership Vice
President, at 886-9808.
— Betty Abisch, Auxiliary President
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2007-2008
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P.:
Membership V.P.:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Betty Abisch
Barbara Safer
Shirley Mirkis
Carole Ort
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
Karen Backilman
174
