— Executive Committee -
President
Leonard Setzer
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Gary Perlman
Vice Presidents
Debbie Parker
Michael Solloway
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Francine Kempner
Treasurer
Larry Appel
Secretary
Leonardo Maiman
Women’s Campaign Chair
Rori Stevens
Immediate Past President
Leslie Held
Presidential Appointee
Mitchell Levine
Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 • Fax. 448-5715 •
www.jewishjacksonville.org
The officers, board members and staff of Federation wish the members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a Happy and Healthy New Year!
The Jewish Federation is the only organization in our community conducting
an annual campaign benefiting the JCA, River Garden, JFCS, the Jewish Foundation,
all local synagogues, the Jewish Agency for Israel and the Joint Distribution
Committee. All synagogues in Jacksonville receive an allocation from Federation.
One of Federation’s priorities is support of Jewish education. We are proud to
fund the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and to work together as co-sponsors of Family
University. Federation funds the Torah Academy of Jacksonville now in its 5th year
of operation. This fall marks the third year for our Jewish community’s Hebrew
High program, Beit Midrash, to fall under Federation.
Journeys to Israel for our youth make all the difference in the world. We are
proud to support the Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program and birthright Israel.
Community Relations, Missions, Leadership Development and planning make
up the Federation’s agenda.
We pray this will be a wonderful year for the members of our Jewish community
and our fellow Jews living in Israel and throughout the world.
Leonard Setzer, President Alan Margolies, Executive Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees wishes you and yours
\L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Yeanj
This year, while you are contemplating your blessings, consider the many
programs of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. What a better time than Rosh
Hashanah and Yom Kippur, when we are looking into the eyes of those we love
and thanking G-d, to make a commitment to perpetuate a family tradition of
supporting Jewish causes.
Please remember the Jacksonville Jewish Center while doing your estate
planning. Contact the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation to learn more about the
many opportunities to include the Center and other Jewish causes you care about
in your estate planning and in your will.
It is the mission of the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation to ensure the future
of our partner organizations including the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
P. O. Box 24847 Jacksonville, Florida 32241
Phone: 904«394*0720 Fax: 904-394-0956
www.jacksonvillejewishfoundation.org
Foundation
— Board of Trustees
Fiscal Year 2007-2008
Richard Sisisky, President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Loretta Cornelius
*Michael Donziger, Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards, Sec.
Dr. Ronald Elinoff
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. ,V. P.
*Mel Gottlieb, Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Kenneth B. Jacobs, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe, CIMA
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Marsha Pollock
Neil Presser, CPA, Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
*Mark Shorstein, CPA, Trustee
^Stephen Silverman, Trustee
Stacie Wilf
Sandy Zimmerman
Barry Zisser, Esq.
*Past President
Of Blessed Memory
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
173
