Community Organizations
Hadassah
We are the largest Jewish, the largest volunteer,
and the largest women’s membership organization in the
United States with 300,000 members and associates in
every state, each Congressional District, and in more
than 30 countries around the world. Hadassah is
dedicated to educating and empowering women about
their health, their rights, their religion, and Israel by
providing leadership and training in every community
though our extensive network of 1600 chapters and
groups.
Our educational activities include Jewish and
women’s issue-oriented programs, study groups, and
educational and leadership training institutes and
academies such as Youth Programs—Al Galgalim and
Wheeling On which offer holiday based programming
for children and their families teaching them how to
celebrate Shabbat and the Jewish holidays together.
Other activities are Check It Out© which are breast
and testicular health awareness programs for teens and
adults, the Education and Action for a Healthy
Tomorrow program for the prevention of osteoporosis,
heart disease, breast/colon cancer, and HPV (human
papilloma virus), and the Read*Write*Now volunteer
tutoring programs to improve reading and writing skills
in grades 1-6.
Hadassah’s projects are the Hadassah Medical
Organization (HMO), which provides state-of-the-art
health care to nearly a million patients a year regardless
of race, religion, or nationality, Hadassah College
Jerusalem, Young Judaea, Youth Aliyah/Children at
Risk and the Jewish National Fund. Please visit our
website www.hadassah.org for more information on
these incredible projects.
The Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah consists of
four groups throughout the city and the beaches. It would
be my pleasure to discuss which group would best suit
your interests. Feel free to contact me, Lin Pomerantz,
at 904.923.8030 or linpomer@comcast.net.
National Council of Jewish Women
National Council of Jewish Women has dedicated
the past year to supporting Jewish Family and Children’s
Services’ Aging Out program called “Fresh Start”, by
providing those young adults who are aging out of foster
care with all of the items that they will need to move
into independent living.
Our 29th annual Women in Power Luncheon,
chaired by Dina Fetner and Risa Herman, that was
held in February at Deerwood Country Club, honored 3
outstanding women in our community. Debbie Gottlieb
was honored for her many contributions to the
Jacksonville community. She was president of JFCS,
has endowed the Debbie Gottlieb Center for Nursing
Excellence at St. Vincent’s Medical Center, the
foundation “Memories of Love” that provides families
of terminally ill adults with a week’s vacation, and
sponsors 14 scholarships every year to UNF. This is in
addition to the many boards that Debbie sits on and the
many causes with which she is involved. Jeannie
Blaylock was honored for her creation with Baptist
Health of “Buddy Check 12”, designed to promote
monthly breast examinations. Buddy Check 12 has been
credited with saving more that 145 First Coast women’s
lives, and is now a worldwide program. Jeannie was
the first person in Jacksonville to win a Peabody, and
has won 12 Emmys. Nancy Hogshead-Makar, an 8
year world class swimmer and winner of more medals
than any other swimmer, has won 3 Gold Medals and 1
Silver Medal in the Olympics. She has been awarded
the Nathan Mallison award, given to Florida’s
outstanding athlete and the Kiphuth Award, given to
the best all-around swimmer nationally. Nancy has been
inducted into 7 halls of fame, including the International
Swimming Hall of Fame and the International Women’s
Sports Hall of Fame. In 2000, Sports Illustrated ranked
her as Florida’s 13 th greatest athlete of the 20th Century.
Professor Nancy Hogshead-Makar currently teaches
torts and sports law at Florida Coastal School of Law.
She had been a high profile advocate of sports
participation for more than 20 years and is a former
president of the Women’s Sports Foundation and serves
as it’s legal advisor. Nancy has lectured around the
world and written about asthma and sports, and was the
National Spokesperson for the American Lung
Association. She is currently an evaluator with the
United States Anti-Doping Agency for missed drug tests.
NCJW is the oldest Jewish women’s organization
in America and has been at the forefront of social issues,
women’s issues, and issues of children and families.
For information about being a part of this
organization, call Rhoda Goldstein at 268-8124.
2007-08 Presidents:
Chapter Lin Pomerantz
Aronson Health Care Professionals Group:
Sondra Resnikoff
Shir Li
Lisa Bergman
Tammy Shuman
Tikva
Joanne Rosenberg
Yamit
Judi Robert
Susan Sidle
178
