===== PAGE 1 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
2007-08 YEARBOOK 5768
===== PAGE 2 =====
Hanania
Automotive Group
4 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS!
JACK HANANIA S
AUDI
JACKSONVILLE
4660 SOUTHSIDE BOULEVARD
904-565-4000
WWW.AUDIJAX.COM
JACK HANANIA’S
VOLKSWAGEN
OF ORANGE PARK
1481 WELLS ROAD
904-269-2603
WWW.VDUBOFORANGEPARK.COM
HYURDRI
JACK HANANIA’S
HYUNDAI
OF ORANGE PARK
7600 BLANDING BOULEVARD
904-899-0900
WWW.HYUNDAIOFORANGEPARK.COM
®
I ACURA I
JACK HANANIA’S
ACURA
OF ORANGE PARK
7200 BLANDING BOULEVARD
904-777-5600
WWW.ACURAOFORANGEPARK.COM
===== PAGE 3 =====
Celebrating the Expanding Role of Women
in the Religious Life of Our Congregation
Over the course of the past three decades, Conservative Judaism has evolved into a movement
firmly committed to egalitarian worship. In our own congregation, we completed the journey to the
equality of obligation for men and women this past year.
In his Rosh Hashanah message last year, Rabbi Lubliner observed, “Becoming egalitarian isn’t
simply about counting the woman who happens to be the tenth person through the door. It’s really
about finding the eleventh, inviting the twelfth, and welcoming the twentieth on any ordinary day into
the warm embrace of holy community and sacred time.”
Throughout the fall months, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner conducted a series of seminars
on egalitarian practice, reviewing the traditional sources on the subject, tracing its history in the
Conservative Movement, and exploring the various halakhic models of implementation proposed
by different scholars.
In a landmark decision in January 2007, the Officers and Board of Directors of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center officially sanctioned the move to egalitarian practice as delineated by Rabbi Lubliner’s
responsum on the subject and the Religious Committee’s approval.
In his systematic analysis of the issue, Rabbi Lubliner concluded, “In a movement that has
become overwhelmingly egalitarian and in a society that takes gender equality for granted, women
generally view themselves as having the same prayer obligations as men,” and upon that basis, “may
count in the Center’s minyan, and are eligible to serve as shlihot tzibbur, prayer leaders, at all
services.”
On Shabbat morning, February 17, 2007, we inaugurated egalitarian practice with a special
ceremony to mark this milestone in our congregation’s history. That morning, Tania Yegelwel led
Shaharit and Lois Tompkins davened Musaf, the first women at the Jacksonville Jewish Center to
do so since its founding more than a century ago.
Becoming egalitarian is a bridge to the future, not simply a destination - an historic step, rather
than the last stop. As we contemplate new pathways to meaningful prayer, we shall continue to
embrace the greater challenge of making our services more accessible and meaningful to an ever
more varied community.
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
Celebrating 70_ Years as
Jacksonville’s Largest &
Florida’s Oldest
Farmers Market
You are invited to enjoy the best kept secret in Jacksonville,
the ALL NEWL Y rebuilt...
C Jacksonville
Farmers Market
Home of up to 150 Farmers and Vendors providing the WIDEST selection of
PRODUCE in North Florida - arriving FRESH daily.
- RETAIL - WHOLESALE -
Featuring Organic, Ethnic, Specialty, Seasonal & Unique Agricultural Products and Plants
Open 365 Days A Year - Dawn to Dusk
• Convenient Drive-Up Parking
• Restaurant and Restrooms on Premises
- Since 1938 -
Located at the Beaver Street Viaduct
1810 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
904-354-2821
www.jaxfarmersmarket.com
2
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
Table of Contents
Yearbook Staff
Janis Dorman
Advertising Manager
Peggy Organes
Editor
Photographers: Gayle Bailys, Shereen Canady,
Karen Morse, Andy Raitt, Lois Tompkins and
Elissa Vining.
Proofreaders: Dorothy Cohen, Bruce Horovitz,
Edith Horovitz, and Rhoda Goldstein.
Records: Inez Achord, Dereen Murray, Jessie
Roman, Shirley Thacker, Lois Tompkins and
Robyn Sabatt-Waring.
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for making
this publication possible, but also for the support you
lend to our many activities. We urge our members to
reciprocate with their patronage.
Advertisers' claims of kashrut do not imply
certification of such by the Jacksonville Jewish Center
About the Cover:
The beautiful cover drawing, created in
colored art pencils by Raymond Cohen, illustrates
the evolution of women’s participation in synagogue
worship that mirrors the history of our congregation.
“In my grandmother’s day, women wore lace scarves
in shut The emancipated women of my generation
went bareheaded. Now, the properly dressed Bat
Mitzvah wears a kippah and talit and even wraps
tefillin.”
Founded at the turn of the last century by a
group of dedicated Orthodox families, our first
synagogue included a sanctuary with a gallery
reserved for women. When we moved into the
modern building at Third and Silver Sts., we began
to embrace the Conservative Movement which
allowed for mixed seating in the main sanctuary for
the first time. By the 1950s women became part of
the corporate leadership of our congregation and
Bat Mitzvah for girls was an accepted compliment
to the Bar Mitzvah of boys. By the end of the century,
women were permitted to be called to the Torah.
Today, 100 years later, women can participate equally
with men in all aspects of synagogue worship.
ADMINISTRATION
Board of Directors 16
Cantor’s Message 9
Center Personnel 13
Executive Director’s Message 11
Officers 17
Past Presidents/ Chairmen of the Board 18-19
President’s Message 15
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 5
Rabbi Weiner’s Message 7
Ritual Director’s Message 21
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMITTEES
Adult Education 25
Center Cemetery/Hevra Kaddisha 57
Choir, Membership, Ushers 23
Men’s Club 28-29
Minyan Captains, Religious Committee 21
Sisterhood 26 - 27
COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS 173-179
COMMUNITY/SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTING 110
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 185 - 192
DIRECTORY OF SUPPORTERS 111-149
EDUCATION
Day School Classes,Teachers, Activities 84 - 88
Day School Principal’s Message 83
Early Childhood Director’s Message 79
Early Childhood Classes, Activities 80-82
Educational Milestones/ Annual Events 89-90
PTA and Day School Resource Teachers 85
Religious School Classes, Activities 92-93
Religious School Director’s Message 91
GREETINGS 151 -171
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 37 - 39
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 41 - 45
Dear Departed 59
Weddings 47-55
MEMORIALS 61-77
SPECIAL EVENTS
JJC Golf Classic 35
Raffle for Education 32 - 33
Simhat Torah Honorees 31
YOUTH
Camp Ki Tov 109
Center Youth Commission 95
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 97- 101
Scouting 105-107
Summer Youth Programs 103
Youth Director’s Message 95
3
===== PAGE 6 =====
I don't think of you as gone away
Your journey's just begun,
Life holds so many facets
This earth is only one.
I just think of you as resting
From the sorrows and the tears
In a place of warmth and comfort
Where there are no days and years.
Think how you must be wishing
That we could know today
How nothing but our sadness
Can really pass away.
And think of you as living
In the hearts of those you touched.
For nothing loved is ever lost,
And you were loved so much.
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Goldie £> Louis Portnoy
and Beloved Brother
Neal Fletcher Portnoy
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc.
Jerry & Barbara Portnoy and Family
Michael & Andrea Portnoy and Family
Richard & Rhonda Passink and Family
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 7 =====
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
I’m a Stranger Here Myself.. .
While studying in Israel many years
ago I was invited to a Shabbat dinner in Mea
Shearim, an ultra-orthodox neighborhood of
Jerusalem. I had never met my hosts; the
invitation came from a third party, a man who
used to spend his days connecting hungry
college students with observant families.
In the gathering dusk of a Friday
evening, I knocked on the door of my hosts’
home. Stranger though I was, they welcomed
me like a long-lost relative. Eighteen of us
were packed around the table - husband and
wife, the couple’s ten children, three visiting
cousins, in addition to two other college students invited in
the same manner as I had been.
Their poverty was conspicuous. As we finished an
exceedingly modest meal, I realized how little this family had,
how daunting the task of feeding so many hungry mouths.
Nonetheless, the couple emphatically informed us that we had
favored them by accepting their hospitality, rather than the
other way around!
The Torah bids us to perform the mitzvah of
hakhnasat orhim, which is often narrowly translated as
“welcoming guests.” Yet Jewish hospitality is about far more
than planning a dinner party or having company. From a
traditional perspective, we fulfill this precept by reaching out
to the stranger with nowhere to go, the individual on the
margins, those who are hungry, lonely or in need.
The spirituality of welcoming engenders an
empathetic transcendence of self, a heightened awareness in
which the sight of a newcomer reminds us of a time or place
when our own unfamiliarity bred awkwardness and anxiety.
Over and over the Torah commands such empathy in different
situations, ending each injunction with the words “for you,
too, were once strangers in the land of Egypt.”
To extend an authentic Jewish welcome requires us
as a congregation to cultivate an empathetic sixth sense for
those making their first tentative foray into the Center’s
building. For some it may be their first time in our synagogue;
for others it will be their first time
in a synagogue anywhere. We,
who feel at home because we
have walked through the door
countless times, must make the
effort to put ourselves in the place
of the person who knows no one
in our congregation and nothing
about our community.
Genuine hospitality also requires
that we feel good about ourselves, for a host
ill-at-ease and apologetic about the
household’s furniture will invariably transmit
that discomfort to visitors. We should be
proud of the spiritual furnishings that define
us as a Conservative synagogue: an allegiance
to halakhic process, a commitment to
substantive Jewish education, a belief in the
centrality of Hebrew to a healthy sense of
Jewish peoplehood, the support of a daily
minyan, a love of tradition that does not
preclude a mind open to new ideas. If we are
eager to welcome others into our midst, it is
precisely because we are enthusiastic about our spiritual riches
and want to share them with others.
According to midrash the biblical character of Job
was among the most hospitable individuals imaginable, going
so far as to build doors on all four sides of his house so that
travelers from any direction could enter his home without
detour or delay. In the end, however, Job’s generosity was
deemed insufficient because it was ultimately passive; rather
than go outside to extend his invitations, he remained within
the house and waited for wayfarers to enter on their own
(Avot d’Rabbi Natan 7:1).
In marked contrast to Job’s example, our ancestors,
Abraham and Sarah, eschewed the path of inertia. They went
forth from the confines of their tent and actively encouraged
travelers to accept their hospitality. Taking its cue from
Abraham’ behavior, tradition boldly proclaims that welcoming
the stranger is an even greater mitzvah than receiving the
Divine Presence! (Babylonian Talmud, Shabbat 127a).
Judaism is a religion of threshold experiences . . .
which is one reason why we affix mezuzot to the doors of a
Jewish home. As we embark upon a New Year, let us reflect
anew upon the paradigm of Abraham and Sarah as well as the
cardinal value of a truth as old as Judaism itself. Building
community begins at the entrance to the tent; for it is only the
warm, heartfelt embrace of the stranger that may inspire him to
explore the wondrous spiritual universe beyond the lobby.
Susan, Avichai, Elior,
Itamar and I wish you and your
loved ones health, happiness and
tranquility. May God favor our
world with peace and
understanding in the year ahead.
rannm mron nmu
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
Business * Personal - Life * Health
Vandroff Insurance Agency offers you the best
combination of coverage, service and price.
Arnold Vandroff • David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
296-3390
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
6
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 9 =====
A Message from Rabbi Weiner
As we approach our second High
Holy Day season in Jacksonville, Judith,
Joseph and I want to express our
gratitude for the warm welcome
extended to us by the Jacksonville
Jewish Center family. It is a privilege to
take part in the leadership of this vibrant
community at such a critical juncture in
its development.
Over the past year, I have made
meeting and listening to Center members a top priority.
In homes and hospital rooms, as well as at kiddush,
classes and social events, I have enjoyed the depth of
conversation and variety of ideas you have shared with
me. Every day I learn more about this community and
what makes it tick - and how it might grow. And every
day I appreciate being surrounded by an accomplished,
creative team of professionals, all deeply devoted to
serving and enlivening the interlocking Center
communities.
I am particularly excited about a number of
initiatives for the coming year, all based on our
conversations. In particular I would like to highlight
our ongoing education program, which is growing by
leaps and bounds. Our religious school and preschool
will offer monthly family education programming,
emphasizing Jewish insights into the tasks of parenting
and strengthening the connections among home, school
and our tradition. Cantor Ben-Moshe and I are
developing two types of classes together - a workshop
helping participants in services grow
more comfortable leading them, and a
brand new course, entitled Mysticism
for Meaning, which will employ the
language and constructs of kabbalah to
address the issues of daily living.
Furthermore we plan to start a new
adult bar-bat mitzvah class in January,
providing a context for men and women
to deepen their connection to Judaism
and celebrate their learning as adults.
Of course ongoing education is but one area of
growth. Synaplex Shabbat programming promises to
enhance worship and community at the Center. I am
also working with our day school Jewish Studies
teachers to build and implement a new curriculum to
intensify our students’ spiritual lives through traditional
and contemporary prayer. Our motivated mitzvah
committee volunteers perpetually discover new ways
to reach out to other members of our community, and
we continue to deepen our congregation’s relationship
with area hospital chaplains. Finally we are pursuing a
forum for seniors to gather on a monthly basis for
informal classes, lunch and relaxed social time.
I hope that the coming months will bring joy,
blessing and renewal for all of us.
Judith and Joseph join me in wishing you a good
and sweet new year.
— Rabbi David Weiner
Rabbi David Weiner
7
===== PAGE 10 =====
GET THE “EDGE” ON YOUR
PLUMBING
^Jacksonville
NORTH FLORIDA
PLUMBÍNG
24 HOUR SERVICE
COMMERCIAL & RESIDENTIAL
• All Types of Repairs
• Slab Leaks * Water Heaters
• Remodeling & Repiping
• Sewer & Drain Cleaning
• Video & High Pressure Jetting
384-4749
CFCO-1 9189
RONNIE EDGE
MASTER PLUMBER
8
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 11 =====
A Message from the Cantor
“Another Year Begins with Blessings”
Ahot K’tana, from the Sephardic mahzor.
The latter part of summer is a
time of some trepidation for cantors.
With the onset of the month of Av, we
realize that we must once again
rehearse the music for the High
Holidays, music which we use only on
those few days in the fall. We need to
perfect, as much as possible, our singing
of the old familiar melodies, learn and
teach new tunes, and all the while do the soul-searching
that is the main point of the Yamim Nora’im, the Days
of Awe. To a large extent, we feel that we are not only
being judged by the “Master of the Universe” but by
our congregations, as well. We truly feel the words of
the Hineni prayer, asking for “Divine help in leading the
prayers of the community.”
At the same time though, I feel exhilarated by this
time of year. The challenges stimulate me. The
traditional music of the High Holidays is
some of the most beautiful and exalted
ever written. To complete the Neilah
service on Yom Kippur, knowing that I
have given my best effort over the course
of the holidays, is to know some small
part of the feelings of the Kohen Gadol
at the end of the Avodah service. If I
can convey with my voice the
exhilaration that I feel at this time of year, then I have
done my job.
May it be God’s will that we all carry the inspiration
of the High Holidays into the year to come, and may it be
a year of blessing and peace for us, for all the House of
Israel, and for all the world. DVorah, lian and Eden join
me in wishing a Shanah Tovah u ’Metukah, a good and
sweet year to all of the Center Family.
— Cantor Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
Cantor Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
===== PAGE 12 =====
L’Shana Tova
10
Cancer Care Close To Home
If you or a loved one have cancer, it’s comforting to know
that you can get world-class care right here in Mandarin.
T7 A florida'“^-\
ri I m JL\ oncology -
X. V_^ X X ASSOCIATES \
Baptist South
14546 St. Augustine Road, Suite 317, Jacksonville, Florida 32258
Phone: 904'260'9445 Fax: 904'2604X)05
At Florida Oncology Associates, we provide expert, individualized care for patients
with all types of cancer and blood disorders. Our physicians are board certified in
Internal Medicine, Medical Oncology and Hematology and have trained at National
Cancer Institute designated cancer centers around the country. We offer our patients
a wide array of treatment options and services including chemotherapy, laboratory
services and access to the very latest in national cancer research trials.
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO Thomas A. Marsland, MD
Jeffrey DiMascio, DO Unni C. Thomas, MD
Jaswant S. Jadeja, MD Kelley A. Trent, MD
A practice of
INTEGRATED
COMMUNITY
ONCOLOGY
NETWORK
www.iconspecialists.com
ICON
Partners In Your Cancer Care
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 13 =====
A Message from the Executive Director
In Parshat Va Yetzei
(Gen.28:16-17) we read of Jacob’s
dream of a stairway to the sky with
angels ascending and descending.
When Jacob awakens he says
“Surely G-d is in this place and I did
not know it.” Then he comments
“How awesome is this place!”
That, my friends, is how I feel
about the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It is with
great pride that I share my sentiments with you.
Our synagogue truly is “an awesome place”. Our
Preschool, Day School and Religious Schools are
thriving. Our adult education and social
programming provide growth and learning
opportunities. Our outstanding camp program is
second to none in our community.
We have energetic and caring clergy
providing for the needs of our congregational
families. We have an outstanding administrative
staff that is untiring in their service
to our congregation. Our
congregation is led by a team of
vibrant, motivated and visionary
leaders devoted to making the
Jacksonville Jewish Center truly the
“Center of your Life”.
As the New Year begins, we
are planning to establish invigorating
programming for all Center members. The New
Year is sure to be one to remember.
Deborah and I join our sons Josh, Jonathan
and Zak, in wishing you and your loved ones a
joyous, rewarding and healthy New Year.
L’ Shana Tovah Metukah
(A sweet and happy new year)
— Michael Kuhr, Executive Director
Michael Kuhr
11
===== PAGE 14 =====
Best Wishes
for a healthy, happy
and prosperous New Year
Linda Diamond Weinstein
Commercial Lines Account Executive
IP Ferry
** INSURANCE /
3342 Kori Road, Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone:(904)268-7310 • Fax:(904)268-2801
www.jpperry.com
COMMERCIAL LINES • PERSONAL LINES
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS • FINANCIAL SERVICES
12
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
Personnel
Administrative Staff
InezAchord
Accounts Receivable
Rhoda Goldstein
Receptionist
Dereen Murray
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
Lori Schoettler
Administrator
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Margo’s Catering
Your simcha is in good hands with Margo’s. From planning to
presentation, you’ll appreciate the professional touches that the catering
staff brings to every event. The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent, and the ambiance is always inviting. Best of all
congregants can count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be helpful, friendly
and reassuring. It’s a pleasure to plan a party or congregational program
at the Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah, wedding or other
occasion, you can trust Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
Catering Directors
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
The maintenance and housekeeping staff works diligently to keep our building
clean and presentable at all times. Richard Ford, our facilities supervisor, takes
pride in his staff, and devotes much of his time to taking care of all the physical
needs required by the many events which take place throughout the year.
Volunteers, event planners and Center staff appreciate the special attention they
receive from the maintenance department. Richard and his staff offer invaluable
support to the members of our congregation.
Facilities Supervisor
Richard Ford
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Ruby
13
===== PAGE 16 =====
Marco Blvd
The loop
The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e-Loop Club
Lunch • Dinner • Private Dining • Catering
WWW.
14
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 17 =====
A Message from the President
I can’t believe I am already writing my
second yearbook article to our congregation
as President of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
For nearly the past year and a half, we have
been working hard to improve the quality of
Jewish life for our entire congregation.
Whether in our sanctuary, our schools, our
campgrounds, or any other part our facility,
we have tried to make each and every member
feel more welcome and more engaged. It is my
hope that the foundation we are currently
laying will be a fertile building ground for
communal Jewish growth for years to come.
At the start of my term as President, our Executive
Committee set three clear, attainable goals for our first year. 1)
Develop and write the first ever mission statement for the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. 2) Evaluate and recommend
relevant changes to our current by-laws and 3) Develop a
cohesive marketing plan with a focus on attracting new
members. I am happy to report that we have made great strides
in all three areas.
Under the leadership of Harris Rittenberg, and with the
help of many of you, we have written and passed our first JJC
mission statement. I believe this statement, written out below,
encompasses the spirit and direction of the future of our
synagogue.
The mission of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
inspire our members to live a fulfilling Jewish life. Through
meaningful worship services, excellent educational and youth
programs, and dynamic cultural activities, we encourage
individuals of all backgrounds to grow and participate in the
vibrant life of our synagogue community. Guided by the
principles and values of Conservative Judaism, we are
committed to meeting, every day, the diverse spiritual and life
cycle needs of our members.
At the time we wrote this important statement, I had no
idea of the true impact a mission statement could have. What
I have learned, however, has been remarkable. Our mission
statement has become a litmus test for every decision we
make at the Center. When looking at new programming,
evaluating existing programs, or considering any major change,
we ask ourselves, does this fit the mission of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. If the answer is no, we stop there, but should
the answer be yes, we then can move forward and evaluate
any pros and cons of the particular program.
Under the leadership of Etta Fialkow, we have worked
diligently to evaluate our current by-laws. Unlike our mission
statement, we were not starting with a blank canvas. For more
than 100 years, our by-laws have guided our congregation
through our challenges and our good times.
Our founders, and those who have followed,
put a great deal of time and effort into drafting
these by-laws to reflect the principles and
values of our members. It has been a crucial
task to ensure that these principles and values
are preserved while allowing for changes that
better reflect our synagogue today. I would
like to thank everyone that has played a role
in this critical task.
The final area of focus this past year
has been our commitment to membership and
marketing. Membership is the life blood of
any synagogue, and will be a vital component for us in the
years to come. New Jewish families move to Jacksonville all
the time. Unaffiliated families decide to become affiliated for
many different reasons. We all know that the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is a wonderful place to experience Judaism, but
how will these prospective members learn what we know so
well? To accomplish this goal, we have had to reinvent the
way we think. Why do we exist? What responsibility do we
have to the greater Jewish community? What does the Torah
teach us about the spirituality of welcoming? There is no
easy solution. We must continue to focus on recruitment and
retention, while remaining committed to values and principles
of Conservative Judaism.
We have much work to do. Should we be successful
in our efforts, I doubt years from now people will remember
the challenges that existed in 5767. Should we fail, however, I
promise they will. Please join me in ensuring that we leave the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a better synagogue than we found it.
On behalf of my entire family, I wish everyone a Happy
and Healthy New Year and look forward to working with you
in the year to come.
B’ Shalom,
Sandy Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
15
===== PAGE 18 =====
2006-2008 Board of Directors
Lawrence Ansbacher
Larry Appel
Debbie Banks
Abe Bielski
Shirley Bielski
Bob Bossen
Helen DuBow
Marilyn Garber
Dr. Lawrence Goldberg
Phyllis Goldberg
Ira Goldfield
Stephen Goldman
Rhoda Goldstein
Aaron Gottlieb
Mike Herring
Dr. Joseph Honigman*
Wendy Honigman
Annetta Komblum
Polina Koropova
Fred Kupperman
Steven Mail
Joel Morris
Sonya Morris
Karen Morse
Morrie Osterer
LitaPoehlman
Marsha Pollock*
Joanne Rosenberg
Barbara Safer
Eliot Safer
Neil Sandler
David Schmerer
Minnie Schreiber
Linda Schuster
Ben Setzer
Michael Shorstein*
Robin Shorstein
Edward Tannen
Scott Vining
Joan Waitz
Sumner Waitz
Lara Werwa
Josh Whitman
Dr. Bruce Yergin
TalieZaifert
Brad Zimmerman
Morrie Zimmerman
*past president
===== PAGE 19 =====
2006-2008 Center Officers
Sandy Zimmerman
President
Seeman Zimmerman
Chairman of
the Board
Susan Levine
VP/Education
Susan DuBow
VP/Education
Michael DuBow
VP/Finance
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President at Large
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Vice President at Large
Russell Selevan
Vice President at Large
Leonard Setzer
Vice President at Large
Kathy Osterer
Secretary
Beth Shorstein
Financial Secretary
Harris Rittenberg
Treasurer
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is made up all of the officers shown above and the following:
* Philip Bloom
Moti Demri
Etta Fialkow
* Sheldon Gendzier
Bruce Horovitz
Joan Levin
Andrea Mail
* Jeffery Morris
Bruce Phillips
Cheryl Plotkin
Jay Plotkin
Rick Plotkin
Fred Pozin
Dr. Marco Rand
Dr. Abe Rogozinski
Jeanine Rogozinski
Alan Rosner
Perrin Rubin
* Mark Shorstein
* Evan Yegelwel
* Past President
17
===== PAGE 20 =====
Past Presidents & Chairmen of the Board
Max Frank*
1901-1904
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926
1938-1939
f
Philip Selber*
1950-51,1953-55
1963-1965
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
H. Hammerman*
1905
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Harry Finklestein*
1927-1929
Elias H. Pilton*
1911-1922
1930-1937
Harry Gendzier*
1944_1946
Philip Bork*
1952
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
Joseph Hackel*
1947-1948
Robert J. Gordon* A
1953-55
Jack Becker*
1966-1967
Harry Leff*
1949
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Nathan Friedlin
1968-1969
18
===== PAGE 21 =====
Past Presidents & Chairmen of the Board
Wilbur Margol
1970-1971
Lawrence DuBow
1978-1980
Dr. Joseph Honigman
1984-1986
Stuart Hecht
1993-1996
Jack Shorstein
1972-1974
Samuel “Bud” ShorsteinA
1978-1980
Eugene Kornblum*
1986-1988
Charles Mizrahi
1974-1976
Nathan Krestul*
1980-1982
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Evan Yegelwel
1996-1998
Mark Shorstein
1998-2000
Philip Bloom
2002-2004
Seeman Zimmerman
2004-2006
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Sol Proctor*
1982-1984
Jeffery Morris
1990-1993
Michael Shorstein
2000-2002
* Deceased
AChairman of the Board
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
General Electric &
FIRST COAST SUPPLY
for the kitchen designed to work for you.
Many of today’s most interesting kitchens have one
thing in common... General Electric appliances.The
reason is simple. General Electric refrigerators,
dishwashers, wall ovens, wine cellars and more offer
almost unlimited possibilities.
Designed for Possibilities - General Electric.
At FIRST COAST SUPPLY, we ll work to
make the possibilities come true.
Slanlei/ JCanlor
President
2523 Edison Avenue. Jacksonville, Florida 32204. Phone 388-1217
20
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 23 =====
Ritual Department
Religious Committee
Bruce Horovitz and Marco Rand, Chairmen
The year 5767 was historie in the religious life of
our synagogue. On Rosh Hashana, Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner delivered a memorable sermon that started our
congregation on a path toward full egalitarian practice.
In the months that followed, the Religious
Committee sponsored a series of Sunday morning
seminars in which Rabbis Lubliner and Weiner provided
halakhic references, practical applications in synagogue
rituals and information about other congregations to
enlighten our members.
In January, the Religious Committee endorsed Rabbi
Lubliner’s responsum on egalitarian practice at the Center.
It was adopted by the Board of Directors and women
became part of the quorum at the daily minyan.
To celebrate this milestone, Tania Yegelwel led
Shaharit and Lois Tompkins led Musaf at Shabbat
services on February 17,2007. It was the first time women
had done so in our synagogue. Since then, the Religious
Committee has worked with our rabbis to structure ritual
practices that have naturally evolved from egalitarianism.
We have also been exploring ways in which our
services and general environment can be more welcoming.
Monthly alternative services have generated great
interest and enthusiasm from worshippers. The Religious
Committee looks forward to another year of great spiritual
growth in 5768.
Religious committee members for 5767 were: Jack
Bettman, Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Fred Blum, Robert
Bossen, Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis
Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg, Phyllis
Goldberg, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Joseph
Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Fred Kupperman zM,
Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid, Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery
Morris, Barbara Safer, Eliot Safer, David Schmerer, Joe
Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein, Karen
Southall, Edward Tannen, and Dan Wohl.
Daily Minyan Captains
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten
adults, may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be
recited. Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there
is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It is because
of them that you can recite kaddish when you mourn or
observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to
those who served as minyan captains during the past
year: Robin Allerding, Robert Bossen, Stella Finck,
Robert Handmaker, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Fred
Kupperman7'1 Jack Mizrahi, Jack Silverman, David
Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Russell Selevan, Wayne
Southall z’‘, Edward Tannen, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan
Yegelwel, Sandy Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan
a week. Call Marco Rand at 737-9761.
A Message from the Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
The Torah is God s most precious gift to the House of Israel.
Without Torah, Israel is like a body without a soul.
Like water, it refreshes and purifies.
Like wine, it gladdens the heart.
Like a crown, it exalts those who adorn their lives with it.
It is nobler than the crown of priesthood or royalty.
When Torah entered the world, freedom entered the world as
well. The whole Torah exists only to establish peace.
Its first and last aim is to teach love and kindness.
What is hateful to you, do not do to others.
When the voice of Jacob is head, the hand of Esau
does not prevail. When people study Torah,
Gods presence dwells among them.
God of heaven and earth, grant abundant peace to teachers
of Torah, their students, and the students of their students.
For all those who study Torah, may they be blessed with
grace, love, compassion, a joyful life and sustenance.
May the Holy One who causes peace to reign on high,
cause it to descend upon us, on all Israel,
and upon all humankind.
Amen.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the process
that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we
have maintained a high level of participation in reading
Torah. The commitment and encouragement of our
synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure that
this quality standard will be continued for many generations
to come.
I would also like to thank all of our teachers for their
continued support and cooperation and on behalf of
Suzanne, Casie, Aron and myself wish you a happy and
healthy New Year.
Shana Tova,
— Scott Zimmerman
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
Charles Z. Mibab
Licensed Mortgage Broker
m CAPITAL
m MORTGAGE
(904) 288-8499
Fax: (904) 288-7889
Cell: (904) 868-4000
cmibab@cmflorida.com
5150 Belfort Road, Suite 201 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
YOU SEE A DESERT.
WE SEE AN OPPORTUNITY.
, wem
he future of Israel is at stake. Act now Israeli and resources are stretched to the
breaking point. After 10 years of dramatic population gowth, the economic, demographic
and geographic lealities all point to the necessity of developing the Negev Desert.
Incredibly, the Negev Desert in the south of Israel ^presents fully 60% of Israel's land mass
and is one of her last untouched esoutces. Yet less than 8% of the population lives theie.
Developing the Negev is the challenge of a lifetime. The Jewish National Fund has plans
to bring water to the area, to build toads, homes, schools — a vibrant community
where Israelis fiom all walks of life can live and prosper.
For over a century, we have patnered with people like you to build the land of Israel.
In this critical time, your suppot is mote necessaty than ever. The time to act is now.
Make a contribution or volunteer today
Jewish National Fund • 4625 East Bay Drive #308 • Clearwater, FL 33764
Uri Smajovits, Regional Director • usmajovits@jnf.org
Beth Glickman Morris, Campaign Executive • bmorris@jnf.org
(727) 536-5263* (813) 960-5263* (888) 563-0099
www.jnf.org/negev
" The Negev will be the test
of the creative ability and
pioneering valor of Israel."
— David Ben-Gurion
FORESTRY • WATER • COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT • SECURITY
EDUCATION • RESEARCH • TOURISM & RECREATION • ECOLOGY
JNF
BLUEPRI
NEGEV
IT'S NOT A MIRAGE
IT'S OUR VISION.
m ISRAEL
IfW/ICU —
22
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 25 =====
Committees and Organizations
2007-08 Center Choir
For over 59 years, the Center Choir has been
enhancing services on the High Holidays and Shavuot
with moving liturgical music. Over the years, they have
given numerous concerts featuring members of the choir,
and nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current
members have been singing with this group for twenty
years or more. New members are always welcome.
Call Raymond Cohen 733-6979.
2007-2008 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Lois Gosa, Debby
Kaye, Michael Kuhr, Stevie Levine, Henry
Lasris, Lenny Maiman, Karen Morse, Judy
Geller Nevel, David Organes, Peggy Organes,
Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth
Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon
and Steve Solomon.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum and Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and
Festivals, ushers help to maintain synagogue decorum,
which preserves the beauty of the service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were
our ushers this past year: Scott Allerding, Stuart
Appelbaum, Scott Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred
Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike Herring, Mark
Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris, Carl Passen,
Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman, Sandy
Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga,
David Schmerer, Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter,
Harry Shmunes, Randall Smith, Steve Solomon,
Tom Spriggs and Leon Yergin.
Membership Committee
Shirley Bielski and Tali Zaifert, Chairs
As Membership co-chairs, we are committed to
the growth of our synagogue family by providing a
welcoming atmosphere to newcomers as well as our
long-standing members. All Center members are
automatically part of the Membership Committee and
ambassadors of our congregations. We encourage
everyone to join us and become involved in the formation
of Havurot and programming for Young Families, Empty
Nesters, and Singles. Thank you to the many volunteers
who have involved themselves in the past year’s
activities such as:
• Young Family Shabbat dinners
• Holiday Shopping Bazaar
• New Member Sunday morning brunch
at the Center
• New Member “coffee and dessert” evening
at the home of Robin and Jeff Morris
• 2nd annual Father’s Day Pool Bash
We join our families in wishing our Center family
a Shanah Tovah and best wishes for a year ahead of
growth and friendship.
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
Borland - Groover Clinic Wishes You a Lifetime of Good Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffrey S. Hoffman, M.D., PhD.
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkom, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Mark R. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
HongT. Tek, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
Debbie M. Ernest, PA-C
John Charles, PA-C
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Cathy A. Schan, PA-C
Borland-Groover Clinic has 8 Convenient Office Locations
836 Prudential Drive
Suite 801
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
3627 University Boulevard South
Suite 705
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
1883 Kingsley Avenue
Suite 1100
Orange Park, Florida 32073
1802 Barrs
Dillon Building., Suite 400
Jacksonville, Florida 32204
1340 South 18th Street
Suite 101
Fernandina Beach, Florida 32034
14546 St. Augustine Road
Suite 101
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
4800 Belfort Road
Second Floor
Jacksonville, Florida 32256
1375 Roberts Drive
Suite 204
Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
Our office hours are 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday.
To schedule an appointment, call (904) 398-7205, option 1.
It is our privilege to be a part of your specialized medical care.
24
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 27 =====
Committees and Organizations
Adult Education Committee
Lita Poehlman, chair
The year 5767 was an exciting one for
Adult Education at the Center, beginning with
High Holiday University before Selichot
Services in September. Informative and
entertaining seminars were presented on
shofar blowing, holiday cooking, liturgical
melodies and creative arts, as well as special
teen programs.
In October, we were
honored to have Albert Barry
present his award winning
documentary, “The Lost
Wooden Synagogues of
Eastern Europe,” to the general
community as well as a special
viewing for the Religious and
Day School students. Mr.
Barry spent 35 years
researching these synagogues
which once numbered over
1000 throughout the shtetls
of Eastern Europe. Today,
only remnants of a few are
still standing. A DVD is
available for special
showings through the Adult
Education Committee.
Pamela S. Nadell, Professor of History
and Director of the Jewish Studies Program
at American University in Washington D.C.,
was our scholar in residence for the annual
Safer Shabbaton in February. The theme for
the Shabbaton was
“Community,
Diversity and America’s Jews:
The Past Illuminates the
Present”. It was a truly
amazing weekend of learning
and sharing ideas with many
opportunities for discussion.
Most of us were left wanting
more when it was over. Todah
rabah to Doris & Jeff
Goldstein for hosting our Saturday evening Patron
reception.
In June, “If You’ve Ever Wondered.. An
Introduction to Judaism” was again offered with Karen
Hamilton, Judith Weiner, Karen Southall and Edith
Horovitz as instructors. The course consists of 24
sessions that will end in December. This year we had
33 people enroll in the class, many with conversion as
their end goal.
Courses in beginner’s Hebrew reading were
offered and taught by Arlene Yegelwel, Lenny
Maiman and Moti Demri.
Renowned author and lecturer, Gil Mann, was our
Setzer-Levit Family Program speaker in December. He
arrived early and addressed the Jacksonville Jewish
Educator’s Council on “4 Ways to Fix Jewish Education
and They Don’t Have to Cost More
Money.” Topics covered at the
Setzer-Levit Family Program were:
“Raising Jewish Children and
Grandchildren who will Want to be
Jewish” and “Sex, God, Christmas
& Jews: Judaism in the Age of the
Internet,” which is also the title of
his latest book. Mr. Mann also
presented a brief program on Friday
evening for parents and children during the Day School
PTA’s Kabbalat Shabbat service, where he spoke about
why we bless our children and had all the parents present
bless their children.
Topping off the year were an assortment of
opportunities for study in all areas of Judaism with our
rabbis and lay teachers. Rabbi Lubliner offered
“Coffee & Torah” and Talmud. “Spiritual Wisdom from
the Hasidic Masters” was presented by Rabbis Lubliner
and Weiner, while Rabbi Weiner conducted “Healing
Services” and “Think Like a Rabbi.”
In preparation for adoption of the milestone
resolution to adopt egalitarian practices at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner
presented three Sunday seminars. The first session
covered various texts from rabbinic literature relevant
to questions about women’s religious requirements, status
in a minyan and the precedent for leading services. The
other two sessions examined halakhic approaches to
egalitarianism and their practical impact on ritual life
within a synagogue.
25
===== PAGE 28 =====
Committees and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
- 2007-2008 Sisterhood Board-|
EDUCATION
Historian
Blanche Slott
Photographer
Jeanine Rogozinski
Women’s Minyan
Lynn Buff,
Susan Neadle
Sisterhood Shabbat
Sandi Driben
Barbara Hunter
Bereavement
Robin Morris,
Arlene Yegelwel
School Liaison
Andrea Mail
Judaica Shop
Stella Finck,
Jo Marks, Ellen Rosner
Social Action
Dayan Sandler
MEMBERSHIP
Retention
Debby Fialkow
PROGRAM
Chai Lites
Wendy Brezin
Night Program
Jami Shapiro
Circulation
Elaine Mack
Creative Handicrafts
Sheree Spriggs
Todd Booth, owner of the Alhambra Dinner
Theater, was a delightful after-luncheon
performer.
Sisterhood member, Stacey
Goldring, spoke about her
book “On Wooden Wheels. ”
YOUTH
Hamantaschen Baking Gayle Bailys,
Robin DeCrispino
WAYS & MEANS
Leagrams
Donor Program
Nachas Tax
Torah Fund Cards
Isabel Balotin
Estelle Kritz,
Cindy Wohl
Penny Powell
Liz Gartner
PAST PRESIDENTS’ COUNCIL
Sybil Ansbacher, Shirley Bielski, Ellen
Freedman, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Annetta Kornblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha
Pollock, Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne
Rosenberg, Maxine Romo, Betty Rose,
Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler, Shirley
Schinasi, Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott.
Above: Record numbers of
hamantaschen were baked for
the congregation to enjoy.
Left: Principal Ellen Rubens
accepted a donation of legos
for the students of Lola Culver
Elementary School:
The very successful
Israeli Art Show gave
the community an
opportunity to enjoy
and own works of art
from a large collection
of styles and media
produced by Israel
artists.
26
===== PAGE 29 =====
Committees and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
- 2006-2008 Officers
President
Etta Fialkow
Education VP
Janice Knack
Membership VP
Cindy Silverberg
Ways & Means VP
Lita Poehlman
Program VP
Lara Werwa
Torah Fund VP
Jane Grann
Youth VP
Andy Raitt
Treasurers
Ellen Rosner
Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary
Missy Frisch
Recording Secretary
Elissa Vining
Corresponding Secretary
Marla Lewis
Social Secretary
Margaret Rose
Parliamentarian
Wendy Honigman
Nominating Committee
Joanne Rosenberg
As I look back on what Sisterhood has done
this past year, I am proud of what Sisterhood has
accomplished.
Sisterhood continues to support our children,
by providing snacks during the High Holidays,
scholarships for camp and college travel, presenting
Shabbat candlesticks to our B’nai Mitzvah and
Tanakhs (Hebrew Bibles) to our Confirmands , as
well as Leagrams for both occasions. Sisterhood
also subsidizes the Selevan Religious School and
the Center Youth Department.
Sisterhood members served coffee and juice at the Center’s Back to
School Bash, last fall, and baked thousands of hamantashen that were given
out in the schools, at Shabbat Kiddush, on Purim, and at the Purim carnival.
We help more than just the Center. Sisterhood donated food to JFCS’s
Feed a Needy Neighbor program, sponsored a blood drive, and supported the
Jewish Theological Seminary through Torah Fund.
We prayed together at both the Sisterhood Rosh Hodesh Minyan and
Sisterhood Shabbat. At Sisterhood Shabbat this year, we recognized three
more women in the Women’s League Kolot biK’dushah program that
recognizes Sisterhood members who have the skills to either act as a ba’alat
tefillah (service leader) or ba’alat kri’ah (Torah reader), or both: Lois
Tompkins, Wendy Brezin and Aliza Morris. We also recognized nine
post-bat mitzvah girls who have acquired Torah reading and/or davening skills
in the Banot biK’dushah program: Gabrielle Magid, Emily Levine, Leah
Robbins, Leah Friedman, Alexandra Silverberg, Sara Plotkin, Kara
Levine, Debra Mizrahi and Dana Rogozinski.
Etta Fialkow
President
Sisterhood women studied together at the monthly Sisterhood Seminars
with interesting discussions led by Rabbis Lubliner and Weiner. We learned
about JTS from cantorial student, Lance Rhodes, at our Torah Fund luncheon,
about wines from former food critic and Center member Larry Lazar, how to
decorate our homes by Lavinia Kubiak, interior decorator for Liberty
Furniture, and how to play mah jongg from several of our
own mavens. Barbara Teitelman delivered a terrific
book review.
Our Sisterhood Judaica Shop is an ongoing source
of funding for our projects and at the same time offers a
wide selection of religious articles, Judaic books and
lifecycle gifts. Funds are also derived from the sale of
Rosh Hashana flower sales, Leagrams and Nachas tax.
Our major fundraiser this year, the “Celebrate Israel Art
Show,” not only netted us profits for our many projects, it
helped showcase the Center and brought in many people
to taste Israeli wine and to hear members of the Christian
community explain their love of Israel. The show was
provided by the Safrai Gallery in Jerusalem.
Attending the Women s League Spring Conerence were: (l to r) front
row - Maxine Romo, Joanne Rosenberg, Etta Fialkow; back row -
Phyllis Goldberg, Estelle Beckerman, Barbara Safer, Lara Werwa.
Join us for another great year of Sisterhood activities.
— Etta Fialkow
27
===== PAGE 30 =====
Committees and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
Marty Gottlieb Brit Hinukh Covenant of Education Award
The Men’s Club Board of Directors established the
Marty Gottlieb B’rit Hinukh Covenant of Education Award
to recognize individual educators within the Jacksonville
Jewish Center Schools for their lifelong commitment to
intellectual, professional and religious development and to
the passionate motivation of their students to learn about
the language, laws, traditions, history and spiritual strength
of Conservative Judaism.
Dan Wohl presented the B’rit Hinukh award to Robin
Morris at the PTA Teacher Appreciation Dinner on May
3,2007.
For thirty years, Robin has been a beloved and
respected Judaica teacher in both the Preschool and
Day School at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In
2006, she and husband, Jeff, received the JTS Shin
Award for their commitment to Jewish life,
community and the Seminary.
Yashar Kohahat to Robin and her family on
this well deserved honor.
Men’s Club Yad Shel Chai Award
In 1998, Center Men’s Club instituted this award-winning
program to encourage youngsters to continue reading Torah after
their Bar or Bat Mitzvah. Teens who read a minimum of 18 (chai)
portions by age 18 are presented with an inscribed Torah pointer
(yad) and a certificate. Over the years, many teens have enrolled
in this program, and to date 59 have received the award.
The Yad Shel Chai recipients for 5767 were: Sam Bernard,
Ben Hecht, Max Fleisher, Leah Friedman, Matthew
Kingson, Jonathan Rogozinski, Max Rogozinski, Alexandra
Silverberg and Arnie Silverberg.
In addition, Kara Levine and Gabrielle Magid earned a
Double Chai given for reading at least 36 portions. Kara and
Gabrielle read 48 and 41, respectively, and are continuing to read
Torah on a regular basis.
For more information regarding this program, contact Randall Smith at 565-4447.
28
In recognition of their achievement, Yad Shel
Chai recipients receive a certificate and
personalized “yad, ’’ Torah pointer.
===== PAGE 31 =====
Committees and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
2007-2008
Men’s Club Officers
President
Dan Wohl
Vice President
Neil Gordon
Secretary
Devon Rubin
Treasurer
Harry Peltz
Board Member
Moti Demri
Steve Gross
Brad Herbst
Mike Herring
Bruce Phillips
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
ToddWerwa
Past Presidents
IraGrann
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is an organization dedicated
to the enrichment of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish community. The
Men’s Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work together
supporting, sponsoring, and participating in programs that bring meaning to our
slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs (FJMC), an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy
and traditions of Conservative Judaism. Many of our programs have earned
your Men’s Club First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards from FJMC
in years past, and we continue to participate in a wide range of programs and
activities. We distribute Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so that every
congregant can honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah. We
sponsor seminars on the “Hearing Men’s Voices” series on issues involving
family, religion, career and health for the Jewish man in today’s world.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with youth and education leaders
to support your children and the Center youth organizations. We are available
to help with synagogue activities and youth conventions. We sponsor the Yad
Shel Chai (Hand of Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize and
reward our youth for reading Torah on Shabbat and holidays. The Men’s Club
Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each spring to one teacher in the
Center schools who best represents the life commitment necessary to bring a
quality learning experience to Jewish children. Each year, we give Kiddush
cups to every Bar and Bat Mitzvah, as well as Kiddush cup sets to Confirmation
students. We raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund,
which provides children, who otherwise would not have been able to do so,
with the opportunity to attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment
programs
The Men’s Club is also a great way to meet people, make friends and
have fun. Our members regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play
pick-up softball and touch football games, depending on the season, of course!
Over the years, we have gone on deep sea fishing trips and have had family
outings to sporting events, such as the Jacksonville Suns baseball and
Barracudas ice hockey games. In the fall, our annual Membership Kickoff
Party features lunch and raffles while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play
an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the
year, Men’s Club members help with Sukkot and Lag B’Omer programs and
we lead and participate in Men’s Club Shabbat. You will find us ushering at
morning services every Shabbat and on Holidays. We are members of the
Board of Directors. We are your children’s teachers. We are your husbands,
friends, fathers and sons.
If you are at least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community, membership in the Men’s Club is yours to enjoy.
Give us a call. Come on out to an activity. See what’s new. I think you’ll feel
good sharing your time and lending support with other guys like you!
— Dan Wohl, Men’s Club President
29
===== PAGE 32 =====
s
printing company
Announces that it has merged with
J\
A, *
J \\
Ag i I ity
We have expanded our superior service offerings,
which includes a complete Heidelberg Facility.
We appreciate your business and look forward
to exceeding all of your expectations.
Call us today for all of your printing needs.
Full Color Quality Offset Printing ■ Digital Printing
Full In-House Bindery ■ Prepress Services ■ Posters ■ Photography
Direct Mail Service ■ Fulfillment ■ Thermography
3060 Mercury Road ■ Jacksonville, FL 32207
904.731.8989 ■ www.agilitypress.net
30
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 33 =====
Special Events
5767 Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival
of Sukkot. Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On
Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin
anew. An ancient tradition evolved of honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last
reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In our synagogue tradition, we
also honor the contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil, “Woman of Valor”.
Russell Selevan
Hatan Torah
Dr. Harris Rittenberg
Hatan Bereshit
Susan Levine
Ayshet Hayil
Russell Selevan
lives by the words
Vdor v’dor. On
Shabbat he even
sits in the seat in
which his father,
Bernard Selevan2’1,
sat. His parents
gave him strong
values of devotion to family, love of
Judaism and commitment to synagogue
and community. He sets that same
example for his family. The honor of
Hatan Torah is especially significant for
Russell, as his father had received this
honored years ago and this occasion
further honors his memory.
Growing up, Russell felt that the
Center was his second home. It’s where
he attended kindergarten and first grade
and later Hebrew school, as well as
participated in Youth Basketball and
USY
After receiving a Bachelor’s and
a Master’s degree in Business
Administration from the University of
Florida, Russell settled into the family
business, Ja-Ru, where he has built a 35
year career.
Russell is a minyan captain, Board
member and major supporter of the
synagogue. He has been a Vice President
of our congregation since 1998 and
successfully chaired the sale of
sanctuary seats a few years ago. A busy
man, he still found time to coach his
daughter’s basketball teams at the
Center.
In addition, Russell is involved
in the Jewish community working for
JNF and the Federation, among others.
Mazel tov to Russell & Fran,
daughters Jackie and Hope, and all the
members of his loving family.
Harris Rittenberg
is the very model of
a modern mensch.
A devoted family
man, respected
professional and
dedicated
synagogue and
community leader.
He is deeply involved in Jewish
education and programs that strengthen
the future of our congregation. He is
also one of the most sincere and genuine
people you will ever meet. Harris is
friendly to all, willing to help and modest
about his considerable achievements.
Born and raised in Charleston,
South Carolina, Harris graduated from
the University of Florida with a degree
in Chemistry, in 1979, and from the
Medical University of South Carolina
College of Dentistry, in 1983, where he
received the Mosby Award for
Excellence. He was also President of the
College of Dentistry. Harris has been
practicing Dentistry in Jacksonville
since 1986.
Harris has been a member of the
Center’s Board of Directors for many
years. He is a past chairman of the
Adult Education Committee and the
synagogue’s current Treasurer and
member of the Executive Board. He also
served on a committee that developed a
mission statement for our synagogue.
Active in the Jewish community,
Harris is a past Vice President of the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation and
currently sits on that Board. He is a past
recipient of the llene Selevan Young
Leadership Award.
We extend our mazel tov wishes
to Harris & Meryl, their daughters Luria
and Shira, as well as their entire family.
Sue Levine lets her
programming at the
community. A
busy mother and wife, Sue juggles
carpool and a myriad of committee
assignments with grace and aplomb.
She truly exemplifies a “Woman of
Valor” in all aspects of her life.
Sue Levine was born and raised
in Philadelphia, but Jacksonville has
become her home town since she and
husband, Mitch moved here in 1988 from
Stamford, Connecticut.
Sue earned both a B.A. and M.A.
in Business Administration from
Vanderbilt University, where she was a
member of Phi Beta Kappa and Beta
Gamma Sigma honor societies. After
college, she began a career in
Investment Management, first in
Pennsylvania and later in Jacksonville.
Sue is a Chartered Financial Analyst and
President of the Jacksonville Chapter of
the Financial Analyst Society.
Sue has served as Day School
PTA President, chair of several Day
School committees, Education
Committee co-chair and Raffle co-chair.
Sue is currently the co-Vice President
of Education, and member of the Center
Executive Committee. She is also a past
Center Sisterhood Recording Secretary.
Sue and Mitch were honored by
JNF and the State of Israel Bond
organization for their commitment to
Judaism, synagogue and community.
Mazel tov to Sue & Mitch, their
daughters Stefanie, Kara, Emily and
Jenna, and their entire extended family.
===== PAGE 34 =====
Special Events
2007 Raffle for Education
— Raffle Committee —
Kudos to the wonderful
committee that made the 2007
Raffle event such a huge
success:
Co-chairs
Alan & Ellen Rosner
Devon & Perrin Rubin
Committee
Robin Allerding
Caren Appel
Allison Bailys
Gayle Bailys
Ellen Balotin
Debbie Banks
Lisa Bergman
Carla Bernard
Carrie Bielski
Shirley Bielski
Linda Bloom
Elayne Brown
Meredith Dragon
Susan DuBow
Helen & Michael DuBow
Holly Ernas
Rhoda Goldstein
Sara Gross
Sharon Herbst
Karianne Jaffe
Morli Josza
Michele Laine
Nancy Lantinberg
Sam Levin
Sue & Mitch Levine
Andrea Mail
Lynn Maiman
Sonya Morris
Cheryl & Jay Plotkin
Kate Robbins
Kim Robbins
Jeanine Rogozinski
Marjie Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Fran Selevan
Jami Shapiro
Sheree Spriggs
Rori Stevens
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Joan Waitz
Lara Werwa
Talie Zaifert
Sandy & Lynn Zimmerman
The highlight of the evening was the
presentation of the Rabbi David Gaffney
Leadership in Education Award to Rose
Lynn Plotkin, for her more than 34 years of
devotion to the education of students in our Day
School. Alan Rosner read a glowing tribute
from Rabbi Gaffney in which he praised Rose
Lynn for her pioneering efforts to help make
the Jewish day school experience a meaningful
reality for her students and their parents.
Beginning with the Foundation School, until her retirement as a resource
teacher in the Solomon Schechter Day School, Rose Lynn instilled a love of
learning in hundreds of children at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Silent Auction Donors
In addition to an opportunity to win cash
and other value prizes, those attending the raffle
event could bid on fabulous merchandise and
services. Thank you to the following people and
businesses for their generous donations to the
silent auction:
3 Sisters Boutique
ABC Liquors
Alan Nathans Family Chiropractic
Artsy Abode
Barnes and Noble
Barry and Rori Stevens
Bella Hair Design
Bistro Aix
Boneflsh Grill
Brandon Pest Control
Capelli
Carbux Carwash
Carla’s Shoes
Cher Chez
Crowne Plaza Hotel
Deercreek Country Club
Salon d’Orsay
Dr. Sandy Rosenberg
DuBow Family
Ellen Diamond
Epping Forest Yacht Club
Fabulous Teachers & Administrators
Football Fanatics
French Pantry
Fresh Market
Glenn Certain Florist
Golf USA
Heirlooms
Rob Hodges
Hyatt Regency Jacksonville Riverfront
Impressions
Jacksonville Jaguars
Jacksonville Zoo
Kennedy Space Center
Kim Robbins
Liberty Furniture
Liz Gartner
Margo’s Catering
Mediterrania Restaurant
Miriams
MOSH
Morton’s The Steakhouse
Native Sun
On Stage
PGA Tour/ Todd Werwa
Puzzles Plus/Jackie Goldman
Radio Disney
Ramada Inn/Comedy Zone/
Fred Pozin
Rhoda Goldstein
Richard Levine
Rob Hodges
Robin Allerding
Rosie True
Ruth’s Chris Steakhouse
San Marco Petites
Shirley Bielski
Starlight Gymnastics
Stella Finck
Stonewood Grill & Tavern
Suzi Teitelman
Sweet Repeats
The Lodge at Ponte Vedra
Tropical Smoothie
Winn Dixie
Yoga Den
32
===== PAGE 35 =====
Special Events
2007 Raffle for Education
We Thank Our Generous Sponsors
Louis Armstrong Benefactors
The DuBow Family
Mel & Debbie Gottlieb
The Selevan Family
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Billie Holiday Royal Patrons
The Frisch Families
Mitch & Sue Levine
Wachovia
The Zimmerman Family
Foundation
Duke Ellington Grand Patrons
The Plotkin Family
Kim & David Robbins
Sandy & Lynn Zimmerman
Miles Davis Patrons
Larry & Caren Appel
Abe & Shirley Bielski
Ron & Merle Cherry
Robert & Irene Cywes
Fred & Sue Eaglstein
Mark & Holly Emas
Howard & Dina Fetner
Stanley & Sharon Kantor -
First Coast Supply
Liz Gartner
Larry & Phyllis Goldberg
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU ChFC
Fred & Laura Goldstein
Jeff & Doris Goldstein
Jeff & Rachelle Gottlieb
Steven & Sarah Gross
Larry & Rose Hecht
Stuart & Risa Herman
Bruce & Edith Horovitz
Eva Jackler
Ron & Brenda Katz
Garry Kitay & Debbie Banks
Jeff & llene Levenson
George & Phyllis Levin
Ron & Joan Levin
Steven & Andrea Mail
Oren Margol
Alan & Jo Marks
Alan & Mauri Mizrahi
Ed & Judy Mizrahi
Steven & Faye Mizrahi
Jeffrey & Robin Morris
Marc & Andy Raitt
Harris & Meryl Rittenberg
The Howard Roey Family
Abe & Marjie Rogozinski
Education
ALL THAT
The joint was really jumpin’ for
the 32nd annual Center Raffle for
Education. Dazzling decorations, lavish
desserts, special coffees and cocktails and
smooth jazz helped create a sensational
evening for raffle attendees.
Raffle chairs, Ellen & Alan
Rosner and Perrin & Devon Rubin and
their hardworking committee have a real
hit on their hands! The place was packed
and everyone was having a swinging time.
The silent auction presented a record number
of fabulous gifts and services to bid on. A
twist was thrown in for good measure, as each of the schools’
principals was surprised with a camcorder for their school. Of course, the
funds raised for the Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs are
music to everyone’s ears.
Congratulations to this year’s cash prize winners: $7,500 Grand Prize
- Jordyn Simpson; $1000 - Liat & Blair Walker; $500 each - George
Setzer and Yefim Brunfon. The 50/50 instant raffle winner was Paul
Sandler. Plus, Shira DuBow, Chary & Michael Greenburg, Avi and
Micah Rubin and Judith & Martin Whitman won great merchandise
prizes.
Alan & Ellen Rosner
Rachel, Adam & Gabe Rosner
Mitchell & Diane Rothstein
Devon & Perrin Rubin
Jeff & Wendy Sapolsky
Barry & Ellen Setzer
Mark & Beth Shorstein
Shorstein & Kelly,
Attorneys at Law
Steve & Judy Silverman
Barry & Rori Stevens
Universal Southern
Scott & Elissa Vining
Todd & Lara Werwa
Josh & Elyse Whitman
Dan & Cindy Wohl
Evan & Arlene Yegelwel
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
PREMIER
PORTFOLIO
OF CLUBS
Epping Forest Yacht Club
The River Club Ponte Yedra Inn & Club
The Lodge & Club
The Gate Petroleum Company of
Jacksonville is proud to own and operate
four of the most prestigious private
membership clubs in Florida - the
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club, Epping
Forest Yacht Club, The River Club
and The Lodge & Club . From this
premier portfolio of clubs, an exciting
membership has evolved...The Gate
Governors Club.
A membership in the Governors Club
makes it possible to enjoy privileges at any
combination of two or more clubs within
the Gate family. Club combinations are
packaged and attractively priced creating a
tremendous value.
Governors Club members enjoy such
diverse features as a world class marina,
Atlantic Ocean beaches, championship golf,
tennis, fitness and a luxury spa. A variety of
outstanding restaurants and an exciting
social calendar makes this membership a
desirable choice.
For more information on membership
opportunities and benefits available
with the Gate Governors Club,
please call 904-739-7200 or visit
www.gategovernorsclub.com.
34
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 37 =====
Special Events
8th Annual JJC Golf Classic
Big Win “Fore” Jewish Education!
Camaraderie was high and the competition was keen as the
players teed up at the 8th Annual Golf Classic, played last December
at the Ponte Vedra Ocean Course.
The credit for this outstanding
program again goes to Rick Plotkin,
tournament chair and Sandy
Zimmerman, advisor, Lori
Schoettler, Center administrative
liaison, and the committee. Additional
thanks goes to a great crew of
tournament-day volunteers: Helen
DuBow, Cheryl Plotkin and
Jeanine Rogozinski.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center proudly recognizes those who
ensured the success of this major fundraising effort through their
continued sponsorship. For the 8th consecutive year, the Jacksonville
Bank and the Gottlieb Family were the Title Sponsors of the
tournament. Again this year, Wachovia Bank/Wachovia Securities
- The Jaffe Group were the Event Sponsors.
New this year, Nimnicht Cadillac not only sponsored a Hole-
in-One automobile, but also provided wonderful promotional gifts to
all the golfers, while the DuBow Family Foundation sponsored the
reception.
The beautiful, Waterford crystal, Horty T.
Gendzier Cup was presented to the tournament
winners, Mike Crews, Mickey Salazar, Jeff
Thorson and Christy Williams.
Horty T. Gendzier was a dedicated beacon for
Jewish education and champion of youth at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and the community.
Once again she was remembered and appreciated when this year’s
Waterford crystal award, the “HORTY,” was presented to the
tournament champions, the team from the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Proceeds of this fundraising effort directly benefit scholarships for
Jewish education at the Center.
Since 1999, the Jacksonville
Jewish Center Golf Classic has
raised thousands of dollars in
scholarship money for Samuel &
Esther Galinsky Educational
Programs at the Center. Through
the generosity of our sponsors, the
Jacksonville Jewish Center is able
to offer financial assistance
regardless of synagogue affiliation.
We Gratefully Acknowledge _
Our Community Sponsors
FOUNDING-TITLE SPONSORS
Jácl^onville
TÉL Bank
and The Gottlieb Family
EVENT SPONSOR
Wachovia Bank/
Wachovia Securities
HOLE-IN-ONE SPONSOR
Nimnicht Cadillac
RECEPTION SPONSORS
DuBow Family Foundation
CORPORATE SPONSORS
Bank of America-
Business Banking
Far East Brokers and
Consultants, Inc.
Gray Robinson, P.A.
Greene-Hazel & Associates,
L.R.S., Inc.
Merrill Lynch
Raven Transport, Inc.
The Poker Room
at St. John’s Greyhound
BACK9 SPONSOR
The Jacksonville Jaguars
FRONT 9 SPONSORS
Promo Depot
HOLE SPONSORS
American Enterprise Bank
Liberty Property Trust
Mercantile Bank
Ramada Inn - Mandarin,
Shorstein & Kelly,
Attorney’s at Law, P.A.
The Howard Roey Family,
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Vandroff Insurance
DONORS
Audio Visual Lifestyles, Inc.
The Emas Family,
S.E. Joseph & Sons
Rothstein Family
===== PAGE 38 =====
Traditional Elegance for Over 32 Years
Specializing in Bar & Bat Mitzvahs,
Weddings and Special Occasions
Happy to Be the Exclusive Caterer
for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
WísIhínq Everyone a HAppy & HeaItIhy New Year
FíIIecI wítIh WoNdERful CeLeBratíons
Phone Direct 268-4200, ext. 130 or 142 — Fax 880-8288
Kitchen certified Kosher under strict supervision of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner.
36
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 39 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Zoe Madison Burstiner
July 14, 2006
in Atlanta, G A
parents
Cindy & Gil Burstiner
grandparents
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
Madelyn Ruth Millrood
August 9, 2006
parents
Kimberly & Jeremy
Millrood
grandparents
Helene & Edwin Thall
Yaheli Goldfield-Sadot
August 26, 2006
in Macabim, Israel
parents
Michal & Daniel
Goldfield-Sadot
grandparents
Marilynn & Ira Goldfield
Avery Iris Meiselman
September 26, 2006
in Charlotte, NC
parents
Dana & Carter Meiselman
great-grandmother
Bea Grossman
Lucy Simon Aronsohn
October 4, 2006
parents
Drs. Renee & Andrew
Aronsohn
great-grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Georgette Anna Bershad
October 6, 2006
parents
Dr. Eric & Suzanne Bershad
grandparents
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel
Broadman
great-grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Morgan liana Nathans
October 25, 2006
parents
Alyse & Alan Nathans
grandfather
Norman Slaff
Brooke Adeline Gridley
October 27, 2006
parents
Linda & Garth Gridley
great-grandmother
Ilse Gottlieb
MLLOOJf DECOiytfRfQ
StECMLISfS
Take your next event to new heights!
Gala Affairs/Grand Openings
Corporate Events/Tradeshows
Banquets/Award Ceremonies
Weddings/Receptions
Proms/Reunions/Parties
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
(904) 724-8553
Billie Turner
Certified Mohel -’saw
Rabbi IsraelJ. Barzak
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
118 Willow Bend Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
www.floridatnohel.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
“YOUR HAPPINESS
IS GUARANTEED”
CITY WIDE
& BEACHES
DELIVERY
3802
BEACH BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207
...because any day
can be a special occasion.
YOUR
FLORIST
CALL
398-8601
VtSA
ALL MAJOR CARDS ACCEPTED BY PHONE
1-800-458-KUHN
La Tienda Jewelry
Horns of Operation:
Monday through Thursday: 9:00am - 6:00pm
EXPERT JEWELRY
AND WATCH REPAIR
6059 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida32217
Tel: 904.731.4646
Fax: 904.731.4625
J G raff® LaTi e n da J ewe I rv. c o m
Whether you're looking for an insurance appraisal, jewelry repair, watch repair, 14K
and 18K gold chains, charms, rings and bracelets. Diamonds of all sizes, precious and
semi-precious stones. Seiko watches, silver jewelry and the largest inventory of gold
Judaic jewelry in Jacksonville.
La Tienda Jewelry is your complete source for all your jewelry needs, with over 30
years of experience!
38
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 41 =====
Sadie Elizabeth Handmaker
November 3, 2006
parents
Cynthia & Robert Handmaker
Alec Mickey Manasse
February 15, 2007
in Hollywood, FL
parents
Lisa & Dorone Manasse
grandmother
liana Manasse
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Dylan Matthew Rice
December 3, 2006
in Bethesda, MD
parents
Robin & Steve Rice
great-grandmother
Bea Grossman
Cailyn Sara Kamlet
January 13, 2007
in Alexandria, VA
parents
Courtney & Bradley Kamlet
grandparents
Linda & Barry Schuster
Mia Page Aronsohn
April 13,2007
parents
Dr. Michael & Andrea
Aronsohn
great-grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Jacob Finn Campbell
April 21, 2007
parents
Marla & David Campbell
grandparents
Dr. Mandell & Rita
Stearman
great-grandmother
Helen Diamond
Samuel Chaim Weinstein
May 3, 2007
Parents
Douglas & Zita Weinstein
grandparents
Carol & Irvin Weinstein
great-grandparents
Hannah Rosenberg
Naomie & Bob Bossen
Esther Shira Menaged
February 10, 2007
in New York, NY
parents
Natalie & Eli Menaged
grandparents
Kathy & Morrie Osterer
Stella Rachel Muzin
April 25, 2007
in Washington, D.C.
parents
Andrea & Nicolas Muzin
great-grandmothers
Rose Goldberg
Zipora Zucker
Elle Nezi Kaufmann
June 16, 2007
in Atlanta, GA
Parents
Paige & Rocky Kaufmann
grandmother
Annetta Kornblum
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
Ramfis Photographic
904-268-3044
Bar/Bat AAitzvah
Capturing your Families Tradition
with an Artist Style for generations to come
Serving Jacksonville's
Jewish Community for
over 20 years
By Appointment only
40
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 43 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Emily Elena Levine
October 20-21,2006
parents
Dr. Mitchell & Susan Levine
grandparents
Mary & Walter Beissinger
Zachary Kentof Whitley
October 27-28,2006
mother
Tali Kentof
grandparents
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof
Danielle Regina
Wirsansky
November 3-4,2006
parents
Jacqueline Warshaw &
Eyal Wirsansky
Leah Faye Robbins
December 1-2,2006
parents
Kim & David Robbins
grandparents
Marilyn & Wilbur Margol
Kate Robbins
Michael Bernard Tarchis
December 9,2006
parents
Nancy & Todd Tarchis
grandmother
Bobbie Heyman
Erica Rose Cagan
December 15-16,2006
parents
Laura & Leonard Cagan
Samuel Goodman
December 16,2006
parents
Amy & Jonathan Goodman
grandparents
David & Jean Goodman
Jacob Simon Friedman
January 26-27,2007
parents
Nancy & Doug Friedman
Fun for
everyone...
No experience
needed!!!
athy’s Creations
Create your own
piece of hand-
painted art.
Banquets/Weddings
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Family & Class Reunions
Proms
Corporate & Gala Affairs
Balloon
Decorating
Great for
parties, group
events and more
Doing Dishes
5619 San Jose
Blvd.
Jacksonville, FI
32207
904-730-3729
doingdishes.com
Cathy Harrison,
Owner
904-246-5580
Professional Balloon
Decorating For All Your
Special Events!
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
Your child’s coming-of-age is a
once-in-a-lifetime event, so be sure to
celebrate it in a way they’ll never forget -
at Dave & Buster’s.® All your guests are
sure to enjoy our chef-crafted buffets.
And with hundreds of interactive games
?
:
-
in our Million Dollar Midway, there’s tons
Eat. Drink. Play.®
of fun for everyone! Big occasions require
big celebrations, so talk to one of our
event planners today!
1-95 @ J.Turner Butler Blvd.
904.296.1525
daveandbusters.com
42
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 45 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Rachel Emily Stark
February 2-3,2007
parents
Kathy & Bruce Stark
Rachel Elizabeth Whitman
February 9-10,2007
parents
Judith & Martin Whitman
David James Walker
February 23-24,2007
parents
Liat & Blair Walker
Emily Kate Goldman
March 9-10,2007
parents
Diane & Nathan Goldman
grandparents
Barbara & Albert Datz
Helen Goldman
Laura Claire Goldman
March 9-10,2007
parents
Diane & Nathan Goldman
grandparents
Barbara & Albert Datz
Helen Goldman
Jacob Ira Meyer
March 16-17,2007
in Havertown, PA
parents
Susan & Arnold Meyer
grandparents
Ruth & Marvin Cohn
Aviad Manne
April 6,2007
in Eshchar, Israel
parents
Ricki & Ed Manne
grandmother
Eunice Gross
Rachel Jillian Ruff
April 20-21,2007
parents
Lynn & Jonathan Buff
Simchas & Special Celebrations
Start With
Invitations from Marcia Wasserman
32 Years Experience Selling Superb Collections of
Unique and Traditional Personalized Papers
20% DISCOUNT 246-3246
OFF RETAIL PRICE FORAPPOINTMENT
(Your House or Mine)
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies
• Paper & Plastic Plates • Catering Supplies * Theme Decorations
• Collored Napkins • Bulk Goods • Wedding Accessories
• Tablecovers & Skirting • Baking Accessories • Balloons & Helium
• Plastic Drinkware • In-Store Imprinting • Costumes, etc,
6849 St. Augustine Road 737-7700
2024 Kingsley Avenue 276-5313
4495 Roosevelt Blvd 388-2004
11629 San Jose Blvd 880-2000
1388 Beach Blvd., Jax Bch. ...242-4997
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
44
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Jonah Banks Kitay
April 27-28, 2007
parents
Debbie Banks &
Dr. Garry Kitay
Shaina Pearl Katz
June 15-16, 2007
parents
Barbara & Ira Katz
Victoria Tressa Berger
May 4-5, 2007
parents
Dr. Bradley & Ruthie
Berger
Harrison Phillips
August 3-4, 2007
parents
Pam & Scott Phillips
grandmother
Diane Greenbaum Gray
David Michael
Mercatante
May 11-12, 2007
parents
Lisa & Joseph Mercatante
Charlie DuBow
August 10-11, 2007
parents
Helen & Michael DuBow
grandparents
Linda & Laurence DuBow
Ariella Joy Phillips
May 25-26, 2007
parents
Mercedes & Bruce
Phillips
Nicole Alexis Bailys
August 24-25, 2007
parents
Allison & Fred Bailys
grandfather
Albert Levy
wt
lLUAMSBURG
TRA VEL MANAGEMENT
JANICE MEISEL
Manager
10601 San Jose Blvd. #213
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: 904-262-9911
Fax: 904-262-5707
Toll Free: 800-678-1827
Email: janicem@willtrav.com
CORNER
BRASSERIE
Scott Bennett
Chef/owner
Katie Bennett
Restaurant Manager/Owner
Lunch & Dinner
tel 904.396.1414
fax 904.396.1114
Private Dining, Weddings, Rehearsals
off-premises catering
www.thecornerbrasserie.com
1430 San Marco Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
icrioMS
46
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Andrea Zucker and Nicolas Muzin
July 3,2006, in Charleston, SC
parents
Anita & Jerry Zucker
Helen & Gary Muzin
grandmothers
Rose Goldberg and Zipora Zucker
Mindy Alterman and Michael Gold
October 21,2006, in Atlanta GA
parents
Sonya & Joel Alterman
Natalie Zadoff Gold and Larry Gold
grandmother
Pearl Zadoff
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers 4 7
===== PAGE 50 =====
48
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Dafna Hochman and Douglas Rand
October 26,2006 in Newton, MA
parents
Dr. Marco & Robin Rand
Esther Rosenman Hochman and Dr. Richard Hochman
grandparents
Lillie & Jerome Sorkin
Alyssa Rademan and Matthew Siegel
November 5,2006
parents
Arlene & Jerry Rademan
Ruth & Lewis Seigel
liv'r
& . ,
Twist
Mobile Mixology
Complete leverage Catering
Weddings • Par Mitzvahs • Corporate ¿¿ Private Parties
We Provide Pars, Partenders
Mixers, glassware ¿¿ Pill Supplies
.. 11,11 1
Furi fsaisers Fr®^erí Briñks
Margaritas, Baiguiris, Ac
aZc®L®Z or ff®# aZc®Ii®Z aVaiZafeZe
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
^^editerrania
RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
0 0 \hA*
p6cd\t*£/l ^ f\\tfatjóíJj.
3877 Bay meadows Road
just off San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 731-4492
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday - Friday
11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
Saturday 5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
www.restaurant.com
Let Us Make Your
Event Special
Choose from a vast array of:
• Decorator Linens • Colorful Tents
• Fine China • Tables & Chairs
• Classic Flatware
• Weddlng/Catering Accessories
. . . and so much more!
We have qualified staff that can assist you in
planning your special event
KIRBY RENTAL
8051 Bayberry Road
739-1312 or 1-800-252-1312
500 stores nationwide offer you
the biggest selectionat the lowest prices!
Party Supplies, Party Favors,Balloons & Helium, Cards, Invitations,
Gift Wrap,Seasonal Decorations, Catering Supplies,
Costume Shop Open Year Round
Open 7 Days • 6 Nights
11112-12 San Jose Blvd.
9400 Atlantic Blvd.
6001-29 Argyle Forest Blvd.
262-2800 425-3124 262-2800
50
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 53 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Emily Goldberg and Erik Rostholder Amy Thomas and Dr. Lee Friedman
November 18,2006 December 30,2007
parents
Dr. Lawrence & Phyllis Goldberg
Jill & Barry Rostholder
Bands ~ S
Disc Jockeys
lists ~ Classical Ensembles
Karaoke ~ Party Motivators
aditional ~ Candid ~ Photpjourna
lana Elliott 9Ó4.22I.I347
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
Fine Family Dining
©=G)
Greek Cuisine
Family Owned
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH- 733.1199 FAX 733.1269
Dren 6 Days a Week
LUNCH: DINNER
Mon. - Fri Mon. - Sat
11:00-2:30 5:00- 11:00
ntertainment
Anyone Can Play Music,
We Entertain!
7#<?7
Paul Deland, Owner
IT'S Y 0 y R \ W E D D I N G
(904) 880-5100 * 8640-8 Philips Highway * Jacksonville, FL 32256
www.iywedding.com
"Flowers Say the Nicest Things"
• Bar and Bat Mitzvah's
• Weddings
• Special Events
268-2466
Fax 268-2130
10029 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
www.flowersmandarin.com
Major Credit Cards Accepted • Commercial & Corporate Accounts Welcome
52
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Rebecca Dranetz and Allan Andrew
January 14, 2007
pictured 1 to r: Joseph Dranetz, Harrison Andrew,
Rebecca & Allan Andrew and Rachel Dranetz
Sandy Drashin and Craig Shapiro
February 18, 2007
parents
Etta Fialkow and Robert Drashin
Loretta & Allen Shapiro
Paradise...at an Affordable Price.
COMFORT INN - OCEANFRONT
1515 North First Street • Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
Paradise...at an Affordable Price! (904) 241-2311 or 1-800-654-8776
• All rooms oceanfront/oceanview with
spacious, private balconies
• Four waterfalls cascade into a 120 ft.
heated pool from sculptured rock formation
• Our hot pool spa features an oceanfront
garden grotto
• Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast
• Full-service banquet facility for Bar-Bat
Mitzvah, wedding and other celebations
• Kokomo's Beach Bar & Deck,
Oasis Restaurant
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
^.Ü±r> ^,'WW
ÜPiüliPw
Kaputt jfe*Rtiií&$jl
iiSllPRPÉlil
Impressions
1957 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD
V JACKSONVILLE ,
\ 396-6195 /
RANDEE STEINBERG SHARI SAYE
impressionssanmarco.com
WWW.GOAWAYPLEASE.COM
CO
Betty Rohan, C.T.C.
President r
Anytime is a great time to “GO AWAY”I
CRUlSES>TOURS>TICKETS>GROUPS
tGaals@aoawavplease.com
9825-33 San Jose Blvd 904-262-1747
Choose A Fantasy in Flowers as your Personal Fiorist
for Weddings, Bar & Bat Mitzvahs and all special oceasions
9891-7 San Jose Boulevard Jacksonville, Florida 32257 904 268-7022 www.afantasyinflowers.com
Wrosa «Meara llrfflS w
CATERING BY
LIZ, GREÑA
S‘/e<pcwi£ far-
9 1 9 King Street
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 322D4
9 □ 4.3 8 7 . 1955
Fax 9D4.3S7.21D3
CATERBYLIZ@HOTMAlL.COM
L & L LIMOUSINE
David Leslie
jacksonvillelimousine.net
904-739-8289
Fax:904-731-4331
54
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Elissa Seidner and Harris Konter
February 24, 2007, in Miami
parents
Nancy & Paul Seider
Rose & Stanley Konter
grandparents
Naomie & Bob Bossen
Aphrodite Giannakopoulos & Mathew Safer
August 5, 2007, in Springfield, NJ
parents
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Deborah Giannakopoulos
Melissa Osterer and Douglas Storch
June 17, 2007
parents
Kathy & Morrie Osterer
Annette & Herbert Storch
===== PAGE 58 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE
President & General Manager
Florida’s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
southernmonument@bellsouth.net
56
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main St. to Winona St. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on 43rd Street.
The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Middle School students of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School and the Etgar class of the
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School learn
about the respectful care of the dead, including
tending of burial sites. As a mitzvah project, the
students annually visit the Center Cemetery to
clean and care for negelected headstones. We
are proud and grateful to these children for
performing an important mitzvah.
Contributions can be made to the
Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved
ones. All donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
Students from the Religious School
Etgar Class cleaned unattended
headstones.
— Committee 2007-2008 -
We thank the
volunteerswho serve on
this important committee:
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Elyse Whitman
Seeman Zimmerman
Hevra Kaddisha
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laymen from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer, guardian, will stay at the side of the deceased
reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call
any of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our
motto.
Officers 2007-2008
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President/
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah -
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
57
===== PAGE 60 =====
IL
HARDAGE
GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOMES & CEMETERIES
Gordon Hardage, Sr.
Victor Hardage
Robert Hardage
Richard Hardage
Wes Jones
John Webb
Leslie Wolfson
Janis Diamond
John Guelde
Shaunda Lawson
Ezrita Taylor
Ronald Giddens
J.A. (Jody) Brandenburg
Kerri Landress
Paul Naugle
Francine Friedman
Shannon M. Curry
Gary Alexander
Jennifer Crews
Robin Giddens Sheppard
Maurice Phillips
7 Locations in Jacksonville Area
4115 Hendricks Avenue
904-346-3808
11801 San Jose Boulevard
904-288-0025
729 Edgewood Avenue S.
904-388-2711
4315 Main Street
904-356-6585
850 B, St. Johns Bluff Road 5753 Blanding Boulevard
904-641-9755 904-777-5727
1701 Beach Boulevard
Jacksonville Beach
904-249-2374
58
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
Lifecycle Events
Dear Departed
Earle Barrack
Sol H. Proctor
July 22, 2006
November 20, 2006
Borris Mazo
Ruth Glauberg
August 22, 2006
November 29, 2006
Klavdia Giter
Wayne Southall
August 24, 2006
December 1, 2006
Norma Dubbrin
Fay Pezzner
August 27, 2006
December 2, 2006
Melvin Friedman
Goldie Portnoy
September 5, 2006
December 8, 2006
William M. Schemer
Fred Kupperman
September 16, 2006
December 11, 2006
Sylvia Bartley
Ronald Caplan
September 16, 2006
December 19, 2006
Sadie Miller
Michael Dundee
October 12, 2006
December 27, 2006
Vladimir Gefon
Harvey Bernhardt
October 16, 2006
January 9, 2007
Floyd Saliman
Gertrude Hecht Fever
October 23, 2006
January 19, 2007
Isidore Benrubi
Ernie Kortick
October 27, 2006
January 26, 2007
Frida Finker
Cynthia Goldring
October 31, 2006
Henrietta Goldman
Freidlin
January 29, 2007
November 19, 2006
Sylvia Haber Grossman
February 5, 2007
Milton Hecht
February 9, 2007
Gene Kornbluni
April 17, 2007
Joseph Martin Mizrahi
February 19, 2007
Mary Safer
April 21, 2007
Beatrice Caplan
February 20, 2007
Nathan Krestul
April 22, 2007
Theodore Gross
February 28, 2007
Harry Jacoby
May 5, 2007
Dorene Krohn
March 11,2007
Abe Spiwak
May 5, 2007
Myer Cohen
March 13,2007
Rhoda Sisisky
May 10, 2007
Evelyn Borstein
March 17, 2007
Frances Cohen
May 18,2007
Irvin Ghelerter
March 18, 2007
Edith Levine
May 19, 2007
Sophie Witten
April 2, 2007
Linda Davis Selevan
May 29, 2007
Max Jaffe
April 6, 2007
Shelley Cohen
June 24, 2007
Pauline Goberman
April 6, 2007
Ann Greenburg
June 27, 2007
Elaine Koolik
April 16, 2007
Robert Plotkin
June 30, 2007
Robert Goldberg
April 17, 2007
Northside
4747 Main Street
Jacksonville, FL 32206
Phone 355-9545
anil &on
Funeral Homes
George H. Hewell II
Southside
4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 737-4855
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
59
===== PAGE 62 =====
Goldfield & Associates
CHARTERED FINANCIAL CONSULTANT
& INSURANCE ADVISOR
Ira E. Goldfield, clu chFc
Providing Service in:
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
• Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401 (K) and Retirement Plans
1 Independent Drive • Suite 2901 • Jacksonville, Florida 32202 • (904) 354-3726
Securities and investment advisory services offered through Lincoln Financial Advisories Corp.,
member NASD, SIPC, and a registered investment advisor.
Insurance products offered through Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. and other fine companies.
60
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 63 =====
A/lí dxkmznzíjzt ^Jízzm -
In Loving Memory of
Jeffrey Darryl Anchel
Beloved Son, Brother,
Uncle, Grandson & Husband
Forever in our hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Mom and Dad
Lisa, Bill, Christopher, Rachel, Curtis,
Cindy, Allyson, Katelynn and Brandon
Wendy, Jon, Kimberly and Andrew
Craig, Melinda, Michaela and Jacob
Robyn, Justin, Briahna, Kesha, Devin and Sean
Grandma and Grandpa
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
(T/í4 ¿dxkmzmíjzz ^fJízzm
In Loving Memory of
Stan Cohen' ’
- • ^ |||p *
Á 1 *»» Hr
Devoted
Husband and Father
You will always be loved, missed
and in our hearts forever;
Nancy, Brian and Miri
Lance Cohen‘S
Beloved Son
and Brother
62
===== PAGE 65 =====
^44 cJ^zmzmijzz zm '
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Gartner
A Wonderful Husband,
Father and Friend
Liz, Tiffany and Jennifer
===== PAGE 66 =====
cVlí dXznzzmíjzz ^Jíz,
In Loving Memory of
Gene Kornbli m"
Beloved Husband, Father,
Grandfather and Friend to All
Dearly missed and remembered with love
Family and Friends
of Annetta Kornblum
===== PAGE 67 =====
G44 c^xkmzmljzz OL
m
In Loving Memory of
Michael Roiaick'
Loving Husband,
Friend and Grandfather
Nancy Rolnick
===== PAGE 68 =====
~ fpk cfxzmzmíjzz PUlz^m
In Memory of
Marty [Dad, Poppy] BROWN
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Elayne and Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda,
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie,
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
devoted father; grandfather;
great-grandfather and friend
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett and Rachel
===== PAGE 69 =====
(144 cJ\?zmzm¡jzz *-JPl Em -
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elyne Moss
Rosanne, Andy,
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kauss
In Loving Memory of
Daniel Pollan
Helene Pollan and Sons
Arthur, Irving, Steven and Edward
and their Families
===== PAGE 70 =====
^1/l/s dxínizmíjEZ ^Jízsm
In Loving Memory of
Edwin Presser
Beloved Husband, Devoted Father,
Grandfather and Son-in-law
We remember his special love and the wonderful times we shared,
and he is forever in our hearts.
Anne Presser
Marilyn, Stephen, Jeffrey
and Their Families
Joseph Cohen
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Beloved Wife, Mother and Grandmother
Jack Price
Ned & Sue Price
Lewis, Genna, Christopher and Brittney
Larry & Susan Price Zenick
Melissa & Anton Equagun
Kingsley and Jonah
Shoshana
Michael Price
David and Elana
68
===== PAGE 71 =====
vvs ¿y\zmzniLJzz
In Loving Memory of Our
Fathers & Grandfathers
Leon Zecker
Carl Goldberg
Jerry & Anita, Jeffrey
Jonathan & Laura Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas & Stella Rachel Muzin
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
His Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott & Maureen Baker
Reid, Suzette, Ryan,
Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie,
Mathew & Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Arturo & Consuelo
Garza deGarza
Julio Martinez Nevarez
Irma Villalobos deGarza
Felix & Anna Haizband
Rhoda Jacoby
Al & Ann Rosenberg
Myron Rosenberg
Saul Rosenberg
Frank Rosenberg
Rick, Claudia, Joshua &
Jodie Rosenberg
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
H44 ^fxímsmljEZ ^Jízzm
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
In Loving Memory of
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sol Gottlieb
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Sidney and Anne
Harry Ruby
Rubens
Always a part of our lives
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Martin Gottlieb
Holly Baker
Gottlieb and Rubens
Allen Ruby
Family
Paula & Craig Warner
In Memory of
My Blessed Parents
In Loving Memory of
Max Hirsch
Paula Eckhaus Hirsch
Robert Goldberg
and
Sigmund & Josephine Reisch
Wilhelm & Johanna Hirsch
Carole Goldberg
Simon & Pessie Eckhaus
David Goldberg
Professor Josef Hirsch
Eric & Sherry Goldberg
Family Members Martyred 1939-1945
Josef & Mathilde Eckhaus
Lane Goldberg
Benjamin Eckhaus
Marjorie Goldberg
Karl Eckhaus
Oskar Eckhaus
Jenny Hirsch Brueckner
Wilhelm Brueckner
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
===== PAGE 73 =====
^VPk c^xkmzmljEZ ^Jíz zm
In Loving Memory of
Kam i Krinsky
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Lubliner
Estelle Hellman
Evelyn & Ralph
Krinsky
Mizrahi
Rabbi Immanuel
Lubliner
Ginnette & Charles Mizrahi
Rabbi Jonathan &
Judy & David Mizrahi
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior, and Itamar
Debby & Alan Katz
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Annie & Oscar Margol
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
Rea & Harry Jarchower
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Bessie Gamce
Sonya & Jan Morris
Frieda Katz
Debbie Simkin
Belle Margol
Daniel Aron, Daren Joshua
& Shana Leslie
Melvin Margol
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Shira Rebecca, Aliza Danielle
Alice Eber
& Zachary Asher
Joel & Carol Morris
Marilyn & Wilbur Margol
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
and Family
Jerald & Karen Morris
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
vv£ cy\£m£niU£Z >nzni
In Memory of
Our Beloved Parents
and Grandparents
Seymour and
Lilian Morse
You will be in our hearts forever.
Todd and Karen Morse
Ben, Maci and Trudy
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Mel Newman
Beloved Husband, Dad & Poppop
Our wonderful memories of so much love
and devotion are ours forever.
Jeanette
Simon & Pamela Newman
Drew Newman
Shelley & Jerry Linsey
David & Lauren Linsey
Robin & Randy Linsey
Allison & Phil Cuba
Holly & Randi Zanville
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishler
Jerry & Florence Schemer
In Memory of our
Father & Grandfather
Ronald David Spiwak
Youll be in our hearts forever.
Joanna & Adam Levine
Rachel, Josh
and Alec Feinman
72
===== PAGE 75 =====
^1/l/s ds^mzmtjEX ^Uíz snz
“All professions can boast,
but the teacher taught them all. ”
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved
Husband, Father & Teacher
Clive Andriesse
Freída Andriesse
Sarah & Jason Agidius
Jonathon Andriesse
In Loving Memory of
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Barbara & Michael Schneider
Lisa and Stefanie
Ivy & Joshua Weingram
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
In Loving Memory of
Sadie & David Barnett
Sam & Ethel Greene
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Lynne & Alan Greene
Sybil Ansbacher
and Family
In Loving Memory of
In Memory of
William K. Benjamin
Bernard Heyman
Edith Abrams Benjamin
David Joel Benjamin
Bobbie Heyman
James Joseph Boyle
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Vera Vastine Boyle
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman,
Mary Etta Seeba
George Henderson
Morton & Vera Benjamin
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
In Memory of
In Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Martin Sack, Jr.
Carole, Susan & Lisa
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
===== PAGE 76 =====
*T44 c^xkmznzljzz ^Jizzm
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents & Grandparents
Beloved Husband,
Blanche & Sam Marks
Father & Grandfather
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
Alan, Jo, & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam & Melinda Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
In Loving Memory of
Morris Libby
In Loving Memory of
Abe & Sophie Marón
Leon Marón
Theodore Weisman
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Wilf
Francis Libby
Fruma Libby
Larry & Stacie Wilf
and Family
Winfred Libby
In Loving Memory of Beloved
Husband, Father & Grandfather
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Stuart Lipsky
Barney and Rachel Margolin
Bess Lipsky
Bruce, Jan, Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
Louis and Rene Roey
David Benjamin
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Scott, Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie & Jennifer Roey
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Olga & Albert Lazar
Barbara Asher
David Lazar
Florence Skop
The DuBow Family
Naomi & Larry Lazar
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
'£ cyXEniEmiJsz uisnz
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
loving husband, father & grandfather
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Zach, Leslie & Sarah
In Loving Memory of
Chana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Rose Levine
Joan & Ben Talpalar & Family
In Loving Memory of
Phillip Schemer
loving husband, father & grandfather
Margaret Schemer
Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Steven & Wendy Gross
Stephanie, Tony & Noah Arlotti
In Loving Memory of All
Our Beloved Departed
Always In Our Hearts
Elayne Brown & Family
In Memory of our Very Missed Parents
who are always in our hearts
Morris and Rose Baumgarten
Harry and Rose (Honeyblnch) Sneider
Rita & Harold Baumgarten
In Memory of
Our Beloved Parents & Sister
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Chaim & Riva Bielski
Joseph & Ada Sallick
Shirley & Abe Bielski
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Jonathan, Kim & Andrew Weintraub
Shelly Brewer
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
devoted husband & loving father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
In Loving Memory of
Max Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
Ilene Selevan
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
75
===== PAGE 78 =====
H/Pk ^Jtízm
In Loving Memory of
Irving Geller
Betty & Harvey Goldring
David Goldring
Cynthia Goldring Freidlin
Beverly Geller & Family
In Loving Memory of
Shirley Levine
Morris Levine
Edie Levine
Bill, Stevie & Samantha
Aaron & Angela
In Loving Memory of
Bessie & Manny Goldstein
Mildred & Herman Shafner
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris & Julia Kufman
Inna & Tim Adker
In Loving Memory of My Parents & Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlam
In Loving Memory of
Morton Maltz
Yetta & Louis Platt
Augusta Platt
Abraham Platt
Edna Maltz & Family
In Loving Memory of
Norman Greenbaum
Miriam Greenbaum
Mary & Jacob Wexler
Rose & Morris Gray
Allen & Diane Greenbaum Gray
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan, Debra,
Aaron and Miriam Mibab
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
and Sandy Shapiro
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby, David & Jake Pinsky
Jesse Rauchwarger
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
& Molly Rubinstein
Robin & Stanley Halpern & Family
In Loving Memory of
Sidney Ralph
devoted husband, father & grandfather
LouAnn Ralph & Family
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
Marilyn, Mike, Ellis, Ellen
& David Mass
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Lafer, m.d.
Dennis Lafer & Family
In Loving Memory of
Leonard & Gertrude Rosenberg
Maurice & Jennie Ida Hollinger
Ruben & Rose Rosenberg
Sharon, A.J. and Jerry
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
H44 dxkmzmíjEZ zm
In Loving Memory of
Frances & Joseph Sager
Charles Mergner
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Annette G. Bernstein
In Loving Memory of
Lester Greenfield
Steven Greenfield
Judy, Scott & Cynthia Greenfield
In Loving Memory of
Bernice Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl, Elizabeth & Sarah Sekine
Joshua, Emilie & Naomi Paige Sekine
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Etta Harris
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed & Rena Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Mr. & Mrs. Mitchell Lesnik
Mr. & Mrs. Earl Evans
The Lesnik Family
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas & Holly Witten
Jonathan & Julie Witten
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of
Wanda Organes
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Memory of the Greatest Father
Irving Raikes
We miss you everyday - The Raikes Family
In Loving Memory of
Macy A. Cohen
Myra Cohen
In Loving Memory of
Sam Rosenblum
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of Beloved Brother & Nephew
Stanley Cohen - Lance Cohen
Anne Presser & Family
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of
All Our Dear Departed
Peggy & Ken Organes
In Loving Memory of
Morris Schemer
Hilda Lewit & Family
In Loving Memory of LEO DlNIN,
Esther Dinin & Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of
Abe Spiwak
Joyce Margol & Family
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte & Hymie Fialkow
Bessie & Max Rose
Etta Fialkow
In Loving Memory of Our Fathers
Max Trotz
Milton “Buddy” Sterman
Karen & Phil Sterman
In Loving Memory of My Parents
Sam & Clara Gartner
Linda G. Ginsberg
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson
Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Memory of
Murry Wolfson and Ben & Gussie Baker
Renee Wolfson Moses
In Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memory of
George Yellin
Elsie Yellin & Family
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Al Zadoff
Pearl Zadoff, Children & Grandchildren
77
===== PAGE 80 =====
tr- ;
'^'9^ • „ x ^
. ia, - - ''?€'<■•'' -
• v> r ' < , •*
Sometimes
keeping the peace
means planning
ahead.
t hajppens Suddenly cemetery
I arrangements have to be made
JLand no one knows what his
loved one “would have wanted.”
Then, the arguing begins.
You can prevent this happening to
your family by calling Evergreen
Cémetery today.
For over 100 years, Evergreen has
been helping Jacksonville families
plan ahead with a variety of
cemetery products, services and
payment options. Help keep the
peace in your family. Come in or
call Evergreen Cemetery today.
C E M CJ E T E R Y
Evergreen Cemetery 4535 Main Street, Jacksonville,FL 32206 353-3649
Mount Ganmel Qandemé
EQUAL
HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY
• Housing for Seniors and
persons with verifiable disabilities
• Efficiencies, alcoves, small and
large one bedroom apartments
• Rental includes utilities (lights,
heat and air conditioning)
• Range, refrigerator and fully carpeted
• Laundry facilities available
• 24 hour security
• Complete activities program
• Jacksonville Housing voucher accepted
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace Linda Rubens, R.N.N.H.A.
Jacksonville, FL 32216 Executive Director
Telephone 733-6696 • Fax: 739-3512
78
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 81 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
Message from the Early Childhood Director
The first five years of a child’s life
is a unique and special time. A child’s
early years are critical to their future
growth and development. We are
dedicated to providing an outstanding
early childhood program which
emphasizes Jewish life and values in a
caring, developmentally appropriate, and
stimulating environment. Working with
our families, our goal is to provide our
students with a strong academic and social
foundation that encourages a life-long
love of learning. Everyone at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool is
committed to supporting your family in raising healthy,
happy, and secure children that will be successful in school
and in life.
Each day at the Preschool our children are singers,
readers, dancers, writers, builders, explorers and friends.
Our curriculum follows child-centered, developmentally
appropriate practices with strong emphasis on
constructive, hands-on activities, imaginative play and
rich sensorial experiences. The children’s daily routine
includes circle time, music and movement, stories,
literacy and mathematics activities, art, science, cooking
projects, and outdoor play in our spacious and beautiful
playgrounds.
Our children live in Jewish time in our classrooms,
where they celebrate Jewish holidays, honor Shabbat,
develop a love for Israel, and learn about the Torah. Our
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
warm and caring teachers reinforce
important everyday values that parents
teach like hachnasat orchim (welcoming
guests) and performing mitzvot.
You will see many new, smiling
faces in our halls and classrooms, as we
welcome over 30 new families and
several new teachers. We will continue
to offer all our wonderful resource
classes including Judaica with Mora
Rachel & Mora Miriam three times a
week, music with Ms. Zina, Playball
with Coach Martha and Computer Tots
with Mr. Alex. We will continue to offer our unique
“mommy & me” program, Shalom Baby. Rabbi
Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner will enrich our days
through their storytelling and interactions with our
classrooms.
Parents are encouraged to join our Preschool
Parent Group. Each month we meet to share our joys,
current preschool happenings, and to plan future events.
Parents are an important part of our school. With your
help we are able to offer creative programming, fresh
baked snacks, wonderful storytimes and so much more.
Haley Blount will be
joined by Jessie Shternshus and
their terrific Kids Club staff.
They will continue to offer an
organized and exciting afternoon
program for our extended day
students. Our weekly themes
and exciting Giant Steps
Program will provide
stimulating opportunities for full
and part-time care, to all our
families.
I am excited about the coming year and am
confident that this will be a year filled with much
happiness and learning. Thank you for entrusting us
with your precious little ones and we promise to make
it a truly special experience.
— Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Director
Shirley Thacker
Secretary
Haley Blount
Kids Club Coordinator
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
Early Childhood
Playtime and Special Activities
===== PAGE 83 =====
Early Childhood
STAFF - Preschool & Extended Day
Front Row, L to R: Robin Vitiello, Marlene
Watkins, Miryam Corbett, Michelle Margol,
Alla Makhtina, Shereen Canady and Hanna
Bendit. Back Row, L to R: Esther Ohayon,
Haley Blount, Stacey Yudin, Brittany Vitiello,
Cheryl Gartner, Zina Levitsky, Gail Keil,
Jeanne Lapitsky and Robin Morris.
DOOBOMM I
L to R: Miryam Corbett, Assistant, Ashley
Zunic, Eden Ben-Moshe, Ethan Vugman,
Jason Saperstein, Abigail Cross, Aaron
Andreades, Ariel Ohayon, Ava Jaffa,
Daniel Bubis, Brayden Ordile
and Amy Deem, Teacher,
(not pictured Grant Beyer)
DOOBOMM II
L to R: Talie Zaifert, Teacher, Allie Trager,
Brooke Trager, Jacob Gross, May Amoyal,
Eva Gridley, Elad Homsky, Andrew Herbst,
Elizabeth Rutansky, Bianca Shaffer, Mason
Teitelbaum and Denitra Green, Assistant.
KOFIM
Front Row, L toR: Cheryl Gartner,
Teacher, Issa Zhukov, Ronen Marlowe,
Justin Ordile, Allie Bielski, Jack
Hernandez, Jacob Alalof, Stacey Yudin,
Assistant. Back Row, L to R: Lial Amoyal,
Leah Zimmerman, Julia DeBardeleben,
Eden Josza and Brandon Ruckh.
(not pictures Alexandra Selevan)
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
Early Childhood
PARPARIM I
Front Row, L to R: Robin Vitiello,
Assistant, Elad Ohayon, Emily Teitelbaum,
Jeremy Zaifert, Sydney Herbst,
Kayli Corbett, Parker Balotin, Camryn
Cross, Marlene Watkins, Teacher.
Back Row, L to R: Robin Morris, Hebrew
Teacher, Crey Thacker, Samantha Zimmerman,
Maiah Jaffa, Benjamin Chafetz, Alexa
Verboort and Rebecca Katz, (not pictured
Joshua Miller and Jacob Selevan)
PARPARIM II
Front Row, L to R: Haley Blount, Teacher,
Emma Lantinberg, Jagger Leach, Samuel
Sirotkin, Jasmine Mail, Veronica Bryant,
Alexandra Shapiro, Bailey Daigle and Esther
Ohayon. Back Row, L to R: Michelle Margol,
Hebrew Teacher, Abbey Lantinberg, Jonathan
Kats, Sydni Rudowitz, Zach Mizrahi, Eliana
Jaffa, Griffith Werwa and Rucha Pathak,
Office Aide, (not pictured Evan Levy)
TZEEPORIM I - VPK
Front Row , L to R: Jeanne Lapitsky,
Teacher, Jolie Weiss, Sydney Leach, Jake
Nachman, Zachary Shainbrown, Itamar
Lubliner, Julia Canady and Joni Shmunes,
Assistant. Back Row, L to R: Elbe
Andreades, Zoe Mail, Noah Bork, Joshua
Laine, Jamie Bielski, Kyle Corbett
and Alla Makhtina, Assistant,
(not pictured Haley Thomas)
TZEEPORIM II - VPK
Front Row, L to R: Gail Keil, Teacher,
Evelyn Mizrahi, Dylan Frattini, Elior
Lubliner, Ethan Levine, Troy Gladden, Liu
Rothschild, Yaelle Szoychen and Hanna
Bendit, Assistant. Back Row, L to R:
Savonnie Gonzalez, Morgan Bruman, Yoni
Homsky, Rebecca Bubis, Jesse Hairel and
Lia Friedman.
82
===== PAGE 85 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
A Message from the Principal
As we Jews begin a new year, we
pause to reflect on the past, personally
reaffirming what was appropriate and just
and making amends for or changing that
which was not. As I look forward with
pride and anticipation to my second year
as principal of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School, I, too, must reflect on how I have
lived my life personally as well as what I
have accomplished professionally.
Education can be a key instrument
for change. As we are increasingly able
to connect globally, our educational
institution must provide the necessary tools and thinking
skills to ensure success for every child’s future. The
Day School has experienced significant change to
accomplish these goals over the past year, starting with
the acquisition of wireless technology available for every
student, bringing knowledge, invaluable teaching and
learning methods, and challenges to our fingertips. We
affirmed what we knew to be appropriate and just by
highlighting character values, reinforcing them in our
Chai Assemblies. We sought a closer connection among
all students and families of the Day School and with the
Preschool and Religious School, as well.
Carole Goldberg
Principal
involved in professional development,
specific to their fields or in general
education. All teachers will take part in
several workshops on Differentiated
Instruction, thus enhancing their ability
to create lessons and an environment in
which children with different learning
styles gain confidence and learn
optimally. Plans are underway for new
programming and expansion of our arts
and P.E. programs, ensuring that we
educate the whole child.
Unique to the Day School is what I
envision as a variety of colorful threads, gently
encircling each child, weaving them into a tapestry that
becomes the essence of our school. The basis for the
design of this tapestry is the performance of mitzvoth,
study of Torah, love of learning, and the sweetness of
thoughtful prayer. We will continue to reaffirm these
thousands of years of traditions, for they truly warrant
no change.
To our Jewish Center family, especially becoming
so dear to us in this last year, my children and I wish
you all that is sweet and good for the New Year.
In the coming year (and years) we are anticipating — Carole Goldberg
and planning for positive growth to accomplish our
vision for the Day School. Our teachers are constantly
Jessie Roman
Administrative Assistant
83
===== PAGE 86 =====
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Special Activities
84
===== PAGE 87 =====
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Parent-Teacher Association
Our PTA is committed to enhancing the educational opportunities for our
children in the Center Schools. We are a volunteer organization that relies on the
creativity and energy of our parents, teachers, and staff.
Our volunteers provide outstanding programs and services such as Red Ribbon
Day (Drug Awareness), Mystery Reader, Vision Screening, Holiday Observance,
Shabbat Boxes, and the publication of our year book, The Pride. Last year was an
outstanding year for our organization. We supplemented our traditional programming
with new opportunities for family and friends to interact with our school community
including our Chai Hike which raised approximately $1,700 for Jewish Family and
Community Services, our Shabbat Dinners, our mitzvah trip to enhance the entrance
at Mt. Carmel, and our Parent/Grandparent Lunches. Our Kaleidoscope Day (Day
of the Arts), “Art Around the World” immersed our children into the cultural arts of
China and Africa.
Our PTA has been tremendously successful in strengthening our children’s
educational resources through our fundraising. Every classroom in our schools
continues to be enhanced by PTA funds. Your generous support of our fundraising
endeavors is appreciated and necessary to help us in our mission to support our
outstanding principals, Lois Thompkins, Shereen Canady, and Carole Goldberg.
Please join us as we work together to create a nurturing community of
knowledgeable Jews and responsible citizens.
B’Shalom,
Debbie Banks
r 2007-08 PTA Officers
President
Debbie Banks
Past-President
Amy Goodman
Fundraising VP
Jami Shapiro
Membership VP
Kim Israel
Programming VP
Caren Appel
Services VPs
Faye Mizrahi
Lisa Wolfson
Secretary
Alyse Nathans
Treasurer
Sara Gross
Preschool Liaison
Andrea Mail
Andrea Hernandez
Technology Coordiator
2007-08 Resource Teachers
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Coordinator
Louise Leonard liana Manasse
Librarian Judaica Staff
Coordinator
Jay Sandler
Music
85
===== PAGE 88 =====
MJGDS 2006-07 Glasses
KINDERGARTEN
Teachers:
Mindy Rosendahl, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Lisa Hunt, Assistant
Students: Casey Balotin,Cayla Canady,
Danielle Fetner, Barbara Goldstein,
Benjamin Greenhut, Brianna
Grossman, Naomi Herman, Lily
Hernandez, Shoshana Howard, Evan
Josza, Rachel Levy, Talya Parnés,
Jacob Saperstein, Gil Sapolsky,
Sarah Schemer and Gillian Shapiro.
FIRST GRADE
Teachers:
Bonnie Loeser, General Studies
Angela Mungin, Assistant
Robin Morris, Judaic Studies
Hana Bendit, Assistant
Students: Hana Asor, Shira DuBow,
Hannah Elder, Joshua Feig, Hanna- :
Gross, Allie Israel, Sabrina Mail, Zarra
Marlowe, Max Mizrahi, Rachel Olive,
Montgomery Phillips, Lance Schlecter,
Carly Thomas, Claire Thompson,
Shelby Weiss, Allison Wolfson, Reesa
Zaifert and Josh Zimmerman.
SECOND GRADE
Teachers:
Carla Bernard, General Studies
Edith Horovitz, Judaic Studies
Students: Matan Dragon, Samuel
Goldstein, Ari Howard, Julia Kahn,
Aaron Kitay, Jordan Levine,
Avichai Lubliner, Benjamin Miller,
Ryan Mizrahi, Micah Parnés, Jared
Plotkin, Joey Plotkin, Sonya Pulley,
and Liam Wirsansky,
g
7
A
- v \\ w y, r fM TmTT iimm % t
1
• ft . _ X Jti i m
1 í 7
lp
jmpT"'
86
===== PAGE 89 =====
MJGDS 2006-07 Classes
THIRD GRADE - A
Teachers:
Marjie Rogozinski, General Studies
Rivka Cohen and
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Students: Jake Fetner,, Jack Gare, Hana
Gottlieb,Matthew Herman, Jake Josza,
Jenna Levin, Eli Mizrahi, Brooke
Sapolsky Samuel, Schiller, Ilyssa Ward.
THIRD GRADE - B
Teachers:
Kathleen Hopkins, General Studies
Rivka Cohen and
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Students: Oze Asor, Joel Cohen,
Steven Finker, Seth Goodman,
Samantha Katzin, Rebecca Nathans,
Jakob Pollan, Talia Wind
and Joey Zimmerman
FOURTH GRADE
Teachers:
Andrea Raitt, General Studies
Angela Mungin, Assistant
Rivka Ohayon and
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Students: Michael Appel, Erin Caplan,
Gabrielle Cohen, Shira Ferman, Scott
Goldstein, Sydney Gross, Eliza Israel,
Jenna Levine, Sarah Miller, Rachel
Mizrahi, Orly Ohayon, Ivan
Pulley,Micah Rubin, Leslie Schemer,
Ariel Szoychen and Rachel Walker.
FIFTH GRADE
Teachers:
Shelly Zavon, General Studies
Wendy Gaff, Assistant
Rivka Cohen and
liana Manasse, Judaic Studies
Students: Julia Allerding, Michael
Ansbacher, Talia Fetner, Samuel
Fleisher, Barry Goodman, Alex
Gottlieb, Noah Gottlieb, Shira Kitay,
William Leonard, Victoria Levine,
Noah Levin, Jacqueline Phillips,
Shaina Plotkin, Marni Sapolsky,
Jonah Schiller, Sparky Vining, Tyler
Williamson and Richard Zimmerman.
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
MJGDS Middle School 2006-07 Glasses
MIDDLE SCHOOL TEACHERS:
General Studies: Susan Burkhardt, Deborah Kuhr, Judy Reppert, Tracy Stowe and Susann Turner
Judaic Studies: Edith Horovitz, Marc Leventhal, Rivka Ohayon and Noemi Szoychen
SIXTH GRADE
Homeroom: Judy Reppert
Students: Michelle Cagan,
Andrew Clevette, Gabrielle Cohen,
Jacob Hecht, Lauren Jaffe, Elana
Maiman, Hannah Mizrahi, Trudy
Morse, Britney Norton, Avi Rubin, Ari
Sandler, Alex Wolfson, Jared Wolfson,
David Zhukov and Aron Zimmerman
WI
mbst • ¿i
d
m
\.y m
' JSb$
W’ ~ H
* TVS
| ;
O ft-’ ft
m §• Mi
r At k
- r
SEVENTH GRADE
Homeroom: Deborah Kuhr
Students: Nicole Ansbacher, Nikki
Bailys, Michael Cheiken, David Ferman,
Samuel Goodman, Jonah Kitay, Maci
Morse, Harrison Phillips, Rachel S ark,
David Walker and Rachel Whitma .
EIGHTH GRADE
Middle School Graduates
Homeroom: Susan Burkhart
Students: Samuel Bernard, Erica
Cagan, Brandon Epstein, Max Fleisher,
Jennifer Gartner, Alec Goldman, Joshua
Goranson, Benjamin Hecht, Garrett
Jaffe, Emily Levine, Gabrielle Magid,
Isaac Pearl, Michal Peer, Sara Plotkin,
Larry Richter, Shira Rittenberg, Leah
Robbins and Alex Silverberg.
© ft
■ri I
88
===== PAGE 91 =====
MJGDS Annual Middle School Events
Joseph was Amazing!
National Junior Honor Society Inductions
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is proud to
announce that the following students were inducted into
the National Junior Honor Society, which recognizes
superior students in Middle School: Nikki Bailys, David
Ferman, Benjamin Hecht, Maci Morse, Leah
Robbins, Alex Silverberg and Rachel Whitman.
Middle School Judaic-Infusion Trip
Edith Horovitz, Vice Principal of the Middle School, plans a trip each
year to a prominent Jewish community in the United States. Students and
chaperones have spent a week in Chicago and New York.
This past April, they visited Washington, D.C. The tour included Jewish
points of interest, the National Holocaust and Spy museums, the Baltimore
Aquarium, Lincoln, Jefferson, Korean War and Vietnam Memorials, a Kosher
Chinese restaurant, fun parks, plays and much more.
Each year the Middle School presents a fabulous
musical ALL in Hebrew! This time students gave two
performances of “Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor
Dream Coat” to packed audiences. Go-Go-Go Joseph!
Todah rabah to all who staged this great musical: Edith
Horovitz, director, Leah Peer, piano, Lisa Hunt, Judy
Reppert, Cathy Sandler, Noemi Szoychen and Scott
Zimmerman, props and scenery, and Kathy Stark,
costumes.
Todah rabah to teacher, Marc Leventhal, for his
continued efforts to gain the certificate of affiliation to
the National Jr. Honor Society of Secondary Schools.
In addition, 8th graders
attended performances at the
Kennedy Center for the
Prerforming Arts, visited the
National Zoo and toured Congress
and the National Archives.
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
Educational
Hagigot HaSiddur - Consecration
First Grade students of the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School celebrated a Haggigat HaSiddur -
Consecration marking the beginning of their
formalHebrew education. In keeping with the Torah
portion of the week, Shemot, the class presented a
program about Hebrew names.
Mazel tov wishes are extended to the families
of the Consecrants: Hana Asor, Shira DuBow,
Hannah Elder, Joshua Feig, Hannah Gross, Allie
Israel, Sabrina Mail, Zarra Marlowe, Max
Mizrahi, Rachel Olive, Mongomery Philips,
Lance Schlecter, Carly Thomas, Claire
Thompson, Shelby Weiss, Allison Wolfson,
Ressa Zaifert and Josh Zimmerman.
Milestones
Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School Graduation
Shabbat evening, May 18, 2007
The graduation ceremony for the 7th grade Etgar
class marked the completion of Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School and promotion to Beit
Midrash Hebrew High. Students conducted the
congregational Kabbalat Shabbat service and were
presented with certificates of completion.
This year’s graduation class includes: Rachel
Buff, Tori Berger, Jake Friedman, Emily
Goldman, Laura Goldman, Shaina Katz, David
Mercatante, Rebekah Peltz, Zachary Sandler,
and Danielle Wirsansky. Todah rabah to teachers:
Marc Leventhal, Peggy Organes and Scott
Zimmerman.
Shavu’ot - Confirmation
6 & 7 Sivan • May 22-24, 2007
Shavu’ot celebrates the receiving of the Torah and
Ten Commandments. It is fitting that this festival should
acknowledge the accompanying sense of commitment
to Jewish life that Confirmation represents.
Throughout the festival, our Confirmands
demonstrated the knowledge they had gained through
completion of the Beit Midrash Hebrew High program
by fully participating in Shavu’ot services. In addition,
students read essays they had prepared on the theme
“Ami Ma’amin: This I Belive of God.” As is customary,
the Center Sisterhood gave each participant a booklet
of mazel tov greetings from members of the
congregation. The Center Men’s Club presented a
Kiddush cup to each Confirmand.
2007 Confirmands pictured with Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner: Jacob Allerding, Ariella Fleet, Mathew
Glassman, Michael Kessler, Stefanie Levine, Micah
Lewis, Gabrielle Margol, Benjamin Morse, Melissa
Neadle, Eddie Norton, Jennifer Richter, Jonathan
Rogozinski, Rachael Sail, Paul Sandler, Zachary
Sandler, Kathryn Schoettler, Abigail Weiss and Lisa
Zavon.
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism Framework for Excellence School
A Message from the Religious School Director
The Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School experienced a healthy
growth last year, especially in the
Kindergarten through 2nd grade classes,
who meet only on Sundays. This
beginning level of our program is
designed to introduce our eager younger
students to Hebrew letters and
vocabulary, Jewish holidays, Torah
heroes and mitzvoth. Combined with
educational and entertaining family
programming, it concentrates on instilling
a love of our rich cultural heritage. We
even added a periodic “Tot Spot” this
year, designed so that even the littlest
ones can attend Sunday School - just like
the “big kids”!
For our older students, grades 3
through 7, we continue to provide a more
intense, 3 day a week program concentrating on Hebrew
fluency (prayer as well as conversational), history,
customs and rituals. We have ensured that our curriculum
runs parallel to the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
curriculum, so that any student can easily transition into
the Religious School and remain challenged in all levels.
We are actively utilizing a new tracking and assessment
system in these upper grades to assure that all students
progress at their own pace with reading and prayer skills.
Youth Congregations
Meet Shabbat mornings
11a.m. to Noon
Gan Shabbat
5years and under
Led by parent volunteers:
Andrea Mail, Marcy Rudowitz,
Jami Shapiro, Noemi Szoychen,
Judith Weiner and
Lynn Zimmerman
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
Led by Gabe Roth and Liat Walker
We welcomed the addition of Rabbi
David Weiner to our staff, who introduced
a new, highly-successful spiritual
component on Wednesday afternoons at
our school mincha service. The kids have
responded so well that we will continue
to expand this curriculum this coming
year. Rabbi Lubliner continued to visit our
school for holiday celebrations, monthly
“Ask the Rabbi” sessions, services and
discussions of some serious issues as they
occurred. Cantor Ben-Moshe
supplemented our prayer classes with
periodic reviews of our tunes and the
meaning of our liturgy. We look forward
to expanding the cantor’s involvement as
he leads our children in holiday songs this
year.
Rounding out this vigorous and
comprehensive curriculum are a strong Judaica
component and numerous family opportunities.
Facilitated by a dedicated and nurturing staff, our award¬
winning Religious School program continues to provide
a complete Jewish education that prepares our students
to enter the community as capable young adults.
We all look forward to a busy and inspiring new
school year.
— Lois Tompkins
2006-07 Religious School Staff
Front row, l to r: Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, Karen Hamilton, Lois Tompkins,
Peggy Organes, Daphne Woodard, Rivka Cohen and Alec Tompkins.
Back row, l to r: Marc Leventhal, Rabbi David Weiner, Eta Perras, Hannah Bendit,
Todd Morse, Karen Morse, Ben Morse and Scott Zimmerman.
Not pictured: Cantor Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Minda Gordon and David Schmerer.
Lois Tompkins
Director
91
===== PAGE 94 =====
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
Special Activities and Celebrations
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
Classes of 2006-07
Kindergarten
Teacher: Hanna Bendit Students: Rose
Blumenfeld, Alex Cywes, Claire Cywes,
Jacqueline Emas, Jerry Gomer, Brianna
Grossman, Madison McEvoy, Julia Plotkin,
Sydney Teitelbaum, Brooke Zimmerman, Alyssa
Zunic, Sabrina Zilberman.
Kitah Gimel/Dalet 2
Teachers: Hanna Bendit, Eta Perras, Karen Morse, Daphne
Woodard Students: Harrison Andrew, Hailey Berger, Martin
Cohen, Rachel Dranetz, Michael Dryzer, Jessie Friedman,
Elsie Platzer, Eden Margol, Rachel Nevers, Lee Safer, Carly
Stevens.
Kitah Hey
Teachers: Rivka Cohen, Karen Morse, Peggy Organes,
Dave Schmerer. Students: Benjamin Cooper, Josh
Nevers, Sam Yarish.
Kitah Alef & Bet
Teacher: Daphne Woodard
Students: Lauren Dryzer,
Jennie Gordon, Ellis Levine,
Joel Margol, Avery McEvoy,
Danielle Oko, Julian Rubin,
Taylor Rudowitz.
Kitah Gimel/Dalet 1
Teachers: Eta Perras,
Karen Morse, Daphne
Woodard
Students: Kevin-Branden
Corbett and Brandon
Yudin.
Kitah Vav
Teachers: Rivka Cohen, Marc Leventhal, Karen Morse, Scott
Zimmerman. Students: Blair DeCrispino, Charlie DuBow,
Jeffrey Goldring, Josh Gordon, Katie Guth, Erica Katzin,
Charles Pett, David Raikes, Jacob Raikes, Josh Schoettler,
Josh Stevens, Justin Vitiello.
Etgar
Teachers: Marc Leventhal, Peggy Organes, Scott Zimmerman
Students: Rachel Buff, Tori Berger, Jake Friedman, Emily
Goldman, Laura Goldman, Shaina Katz, David Mercatante,
Rebekah Peltz, Ariella Phillips, Zachary Sandler, Danielle
Wirsansky
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
• Multi/Full Color
Printing:
Newsletters Letterhead
Brochures Envelopes
Forms Business Cards
Catalogs Reports
• Layout & Design
• High Volume
Duplicating
• Custom Binding
& Finishing
• Typesetting
• Fax Services
9825-26 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-4644
fax (904)262-4738
email justprmtit@belIsoiith.net
Brian Williams
bwiHiams.bdt@ilnk.com
BDT Concepts, Inc.
New & Compatible Toner Cartridges
• Printers • Fax Machines • Copier
• Sales • Service • Supplies
5121 Bowden Road, Suite 305 • Jacksonville, FL 32216
(904) 262-2590 • (800) 736-5199 • Fax: (904) 262-2565
5858 St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904*7314177
Nail Polish Tanning Products
Shampoos
&
Conditioners
5*
Brushes & Combs
□Procese Tttasteiv
Par# Jt flmmfnrmtinn nf CJArnAt # f-iimiiim* • infpr/oM
Care A Restoration of Carpet * Furniture • interiors
Home of the
“Big Clean”
Spring Cleaning is our Specialty!
Specializing in
Tile & Wood Flooring
MARK TOLLESON
(904) 725-0440
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE
384-439 Í
5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
*
ESTATE PLANNING
4*
RETIREMENT PLANNING
BUTENSKY & COHEN
Financial Security, Inc.
Registered Investment Advisors
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
(904) 273-9850 * (800) 893-2324
THE BUIENSY&COHEN BUILDING
110 PROFESSIONAL DRIVE • POME VEDRA BEACH, FL32082
Located in Ponte Vcdra inks Professional Park • www.butcnskycohen.com
94
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 97 =====
Center Youth Department
A Message from the Youth Director
The children of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center are very special young
people. Children who know that getting
together is a beginning, keeping together
is progress and working together is
success.
Enthusiasm, commitment, initiative
and friendliness are the qualities of
leadership our children have developed.
By their deeds and actions, each
encourages a higher standard of interest
and participation with all whom they work
and play. Working and playing together has insured
that our groups have a very successful year. The children
don’t often realize that they are learning and growing as
they have so much fun.
Our advisors bring experience, wisdom and
knowledge to our organizations. They teach the children
to be responsible, resourceful, original and creative.
They are committed to youth groups rich
in Jewish values and traditions.They
work hard to instill a sense of pride in
all of our young people.
We, at the Center, strive to grow
along with our children. We must
encourage them to continue their Jewish
and community social action
participation and guide them in their
efforts to become educated, open minded
Jewish adults.
I look forward to helping guide our children in these
important endeavors.
Thank you advisors and children alike for a
fabulous year.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families.
— Gayle D. Bailys
Gayle Baily
Director
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The
committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of our
clubs and caring Center members who believe that the future of
Conservative Judaism can be secured through participation in
innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue
summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah
Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide
excellent opportunities for our children to share wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers
from all over the United States. The Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue and
community. Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that
bring warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by keeping us
updated on their school mailing and email addresses. Thank you to Beth Fleet and Ellen Rosner coordinating this
important work.
— Kathy Osterer, Youth Commission Chair
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and development
within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and
Youth Director, set the standards and
policies for these programs.
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
raaRk sptoak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Mornings & Nights All Levels - 3 to Adult
BALLET •POINTE
CHARACTER
JAZZ • TAP
HIP HOP • MODERN
PRIVATE CLASSES
Preschool Combo Classes
for 3-5 year olds
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos.-21/2yrs. old
GYMNASTICS
ACROBATICS
CHEER BANCE
SUMMER CAMP
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
ORANGE PARK
272-1103
11911 Blanding Blvd.
MANDARIN
268-3583
JULINGTON CREEK PLANTATION
230-7778
FRUIT COVE
287-4619
3740 San Jose Place 106 Julington Plaza Dr. 445 N. State Rd. 13, i/zgiiie
Behind Long John Silver’s Corner -Racetrack & Flora Branch south of Julington Creek Btj
Far East Brokers
and Consultants, inc
6871 Belfort Oaks Place • Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Phone: 904-332-9006 • Fax: 904-332-9007
febac@fareastbrokers.com
05est 7o)isAesfor a 3{ecJihy andJfappy DCew year
The Zimmermans
Charles & Elyne
Morrie, Chase, Bennett & Wendell
Kim & Charlie
96
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 99 =====
Center Youth Groups
Chalutzim
Grades 4 and 5
- 2007-2008
Chalutzim Officers
Presidents
Jenna Levine
Micah Rubin
Social Action VPs
Leslie Schemer
Rachel Walker
Programming VP
Danielle Wirsansky
Secretary
Shira Ferman
Treasurer
Jake Fetner
Advisors
Sue Levine
Perrin Rubin
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
AA CO01226
FLEET & ASSOCIATES
ARCHITECTS/PLANNERS, INC.
4041 Sunbeam Rd. Jacksonville FI. 32257
(904) 730-8103 FAX 730-8105
& c/fsáoaiatEá,
ARCHITECTURAL PROGRAMMING SITE ANALYSIS
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGN SITE PLANNING
FEASIBILITY STUDIES REZONING/PUDS
SITE DEVELOPMENT EXCEPTIONSA/ARIANCES
ROBERT S. FLEET, AIA
JANIS K. FLEET, AICP
When the world seems too big
and you don't know which way to turn . . .
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
Brian S. Benwick
Vice President
— Since 1973 —
DEMETREE
INSURANCE SERVICES, INC.
• Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Families
3740 Beach Blvd., Suite 102 904-398-5656
Jacksonville, FL 32207 Fax-398-2915
3601 Hendicks Avenue
FL. Lie. PY0002334
396-2666
Residential • Commercial • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Tumble - Be Fit
This Is Our Kid!
QynutaAÜcó, SumMiní£ ffitne^ó
cCataea fwi JCidó
Calí fox txiaí ctaóó.
C£uóó Space Ló (united *
Dick Sigler
904-398-1646
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
Fax 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
Clge 1 6 month to
Eiementcvu^ Schoai Ctge
ffibithday (Pcwtiea avuiCaOic
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Conveniently located in Julington Creek area off Race Track Rd.
next to Mark Spivak’s Dance Extension
For schedule and forms please visit
markspivak.com
Discount applied to Mark Spivak’s Institute & Dance Extension students
Urology & Infertility
3599 University Boulevard S. Suite #804
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
230-6291/230-7778
346-3333
98
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 101 =====
Center Youth Groups
Charles Palot
KADIMA
Grades 6, 7 & 8
_ 2007-2008 —
Kadima Officers
Presidents
Rachel Buff
Maci Morse
Programming VPs
Nikki Bailys
Rachel Herman
Social Action VPs
Blair DeCrispino
Rachel Stark
Secretaries
Shaina Plotkin
Talia Fetner
Treasurer
Julia Allerding
Members-at-Large
Leah Friedman
Megan Block
Jonah Kitay
Elana Maiman
Trudy Morse
Avi Rubin
Rachel Whitman
Alex Wolfson
Jared Wolfson
Advisors
Robin DeCrispino
Dina Fetner
Kathy Stark
Lisa Wolfson
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
TI IF
ICE
MAN
We Deliver 50 lb. Bags
of Cubed Ice
24 Hours a Day
We also Lease Ice Machines
Fast
Deliveries
Restaurants
Lounges • Motels
Special Events
Parties
384-2013
AMIRA’S
KOSHER MARKET
Wishing Our Friends and Customers a
Happy, Healthy New Year
Call (407) 767-7577
Delivery to Your Door
Every 2nd Thursday!
• Fresh Kosher Meats
• Groceries
• Frozen Gourmet Meals
• Entrees
• Side Dishes
• Finest Cold Cuts in town
• Party Trays
and much, much more
Strictly supervised by Va’ad HaKashrut
Jerald I. Seebol, cfp
Senior Vice President — Investments
Consulting Group Associate
dti smith barney
(904) 858-2347 — (800) 446-6044
Certified Financial Planner
stocks — bonds — mutual funds
financial and retirement planning
education funding plans
IRA accounts — 401 (k) plans
1301 Riverplace Blvd., Suite 600
Jacksonville, FL 32207
FAX (904) 858-2390
jerald.i.seebol@smithbarney.com
www.fc.smithbarney.com/jerald_seebol
100
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 103 =====
Center Youth Groups
United Synagogue Youth
Grades 9-12
2007-2008
U.S.Y. Officers
President
Ben Morse
Executive Vice Presidents
Kara Levine
Stefanie Levine
Communications VP
Alyssa DeCrispino
Membership/Kadima VPs
Sarah Miller
Amy Shuman
Religious/Education VPs
Charlie Raitt
Social Action/Tikkun Olam VPs
Ariella Fleet
Abby Weiss
Treasurer
Gabrielle Magid
Secretary
Sara Plotkin
Members-at-Large
Richie Bailys
Alex Block
Matt Glassman
Bradley Goldring
Ben Hecht,
Stephanie Hecht
Michael Kessler
Hannah Leach
Sam Leach
Emily Levine
Steven Lewis
Eddie Norton
Shira Rittenberg
Sam Whitman
Jacob Wolfson
Lisa Zavon
Advisors
Steven Resnick
Dana Selznick
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
With deep respect and love,
we will always remember
our valuable team member
and lifelong friend
Gene Kornblum
We Are At Your Service
Barry Goldstein • Linda Goldstein
Experienced, Knowledgeable, and
A Proven Performance Record
Sales • Leasing • Management
Consulting • Acquisitions
Income & Investment Properties
GOLDSTEIN
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, HIC.
Licensed Real Estate Broker
3753-1 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Telephone 367-0009 • Fax (904) 367-0220
I WILL BUY YOUR HOUSE
TODAY
Having A Hard Time Selling?
• Divorce • Need Cash • Moving
• Behind in Payments • Facing Foreclosure
Call
Tommy Mattox
Private Investor
730-9074
LAW OFFICES
TERRELL HOGAN ELLIS YEGELWEL, P.A.
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202 (904) 632-2424
'■ * " 055
Tí
L £lwumk ToVak
Ciaig, Natalia, Artel, fartfr & Elm Eaitdlet
LAKEWOOD ANIMAL CLINIC
Craig W. Sandler D.V.M
6030 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 3221 7 (904) 733-4447
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery
At
North Florida Eye Clinic
George W. Sweat
Florida Certified Dispensing Optician
3020 Hartley Road, Suite 190
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Phone (904) 292-0004 Fax: (904) 292-0005
Weight Loss
Pain
Managem
Sleep
Disorders
Smoking Cessati
* President,
Goldlite Hypnosis Institute
» Certified Hypnotherapy Instruc or
► Board Certified by
National Guild of Hypnotists
► FCCJ Faculty Member
Renee Sakr, BCHT, a
Hypnosis has been approved by
The American Medical Association
since 1958.
Some applications require a doctor's referral.
"We deal with the
root cause of the problem,
not the symptom!"
NGH Hypnotherapy Certification Training
HypnoAnalysis Certification Training
Call for class schedule
GoldliteHypnosislnstitute.com
GoSdHteHypnosis^yalioo.corn
434-2728
11481 St. Augustine Road
102
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 105 =====
Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that more than 50 of our youngsters participated in
United Synagogue summer programs. Scholarships to attend these programs are made possible through
the generosity of the Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family
Scholarship, Center Men’s Club’s Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund, Center Israel
Scholarship Fund, Center Sisterhood, Center Youth Department, Joan Levin Gift of Israel
Program, Myra Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah Fund, Sylvia Shorstein Scholarship Fund and
many anonymous contributors.
CAMP RAMAH - DAROM
Those who attended Camp Ramah
Darom in Georgia were: Sarah Abramson,
Molly Appel, Rebecca Appel, Michael
Appelbaum, Richie Bailys, Sam Bernard,
Gabrielle Cohen, Sophie DuBow, Bradley
Goldring, Jeffrey Goldring, Aliza
Goldstein, Joshua Gordon, Stephanie
Hecht, Garrett Jaffe, Lauren Jaffe,
Matthew Kingson, Jonah Kitay, Shira
Kitay, Steven Lewis, Laurie Lynch,
Gabrielle Magid, Sarah Miller, Hannah
Mizrahi, Sarah Neadle, Noah Pozin, Gabe
Rosner, Avi Rubin, Micah Rubin, Marni
Sapolsky, Amy Shuman, Rachel Stark,
Rachel Whitman, Sam Whitman, Allison
Wolfson, Alec Wolfson, Jared Wolfson,
Jacob Wolfson, Sam Yarish and Aron
Zimmerman.
USY-ON-WHEELS
USY on Wheels, sponsored by United Synagogue of Conservative
Judaism, gives teenagers an opportunity to travel around the United States
seeing landmarks, historical sites and national parks. In addition, they meet
Jewish youth in the cities in which they stay. Lilly Anderson, Eric Levenson
and Zachary Rogozinski joined other USYers from around the country.
ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE
Mathew Glassman, Michael Kessler, Stefanie
Levine, Ben Morse, Paul Sandler, Zach Schemer and
Sam Wyzan participated in the USY Israel/Poland
Pilgrimage.
For more information on these and other fine youth programs,
contact Gayle Bailys, Center Youth Director, 268-4200, ext. 149.
103
===== PAGE 106 =====
1! Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace, Health
and Happiness be Yours throughout
the New Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
(904) 733-3529
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
(904) 733-8133
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
104
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 107 =====
Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14
has been a part of the
Jacksonville Jewish
Center youth program
for 68 years and is the
oldest pack in northeast
Florida with a
continuous charter.
Scouting continues to
create great leaders with
strong abilities while
enjoying wholesome
outdoor activities with
friends and family.
We started off the year at the St. Mary’s Fish Camp
where the scouts paddled kayaks, canoes and johnboats
all day in beautiful weather. The fishing was great as
well.
The shore of the Suwannee River is one of our all
time favorite places to camp. We canoed and hiked
during the day and told ghost stories and had an
amazing treasure hunt at night.
After surviving Indians, ghosts, and our own
shadows we braved 17 degree weather to camp at the
famous Civil War battlefield, Olustee. The pack hiked
on the Florida Trail right up to the reenactment with
the Confederate and Union armies. They saw
blacksmiths, gunsmiths, and ladies in dresses as big as
stagecoaches.
Little Talbot Island is one of the most fun
campgrounds around. It’s the total beach experience -
fishing, swimming, boating, kites, shells and more. You
even fall asleep listening to the sounds of the ocean.
The pack especially enjoyed an environmental hike at
night along the shoreline to keep the beaches clean.
The 2007 Pinewood
Derby was one of the
strongest races in recent
history. The cars were
fast and beautiful. The
pits were full and the
crews worked hard to
make last minute changes
to improve car
performance. After an
exciting event, Benjamin
Miller took home the
coveted award of the
Pinewood Derby Winner.
The last campout of the year at Ocala National
Forest was by far one of the best. Located deep inside
the forest right on a lake, it is possible to fish right from
your tent. Everything from birds and frogs to bears roam
the area and the sounds of the wild are everywhere.
A tube ride down the Ichetucknee River was a great
way to finish off a year in the great outdoors.
Congratulations to Michael Ansbacher,
Geoffrey Berlin, Barry Goodman, William Leonard,
Jacob Ruby, Sparky Vining, Tyler Williamson and
Samuel Yarish, who have completed the Cub Scout
program and will continue as fine young men in Boy
Scout Troop 14.
Leadership, advancement, family, community,
morals, personal growth. This is what scouting is about.
Get involved. Join Pack 14 today! E-Mail
m.pett@comcast.net
— Marty Pett, Cubmaster
105
===== PAGE 108 =====
easures
again
Assisted Living from
Carriage Club of Jacksonville
Retirement Community.
• Fine Dining
• Medication Management
• Laundry, Linen and Towel Service
• Complimentary Transportation
• Lakes and Walking Paths
• Convenient Southside Location
• More Than 50 Scheduled Activities/Week
Let us take care of the big things so you can enjoy
the simple pleasures that make life worth living.
Call (904) 646- 1 600 today for details!
: JACKSONVILLE-
aBROOKDALE SENIOR LIVING community
9601 Southbrook Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32256
WWW.brookdaleliving.com • Assisted Living Facility # 0007464
063 -SPL01- 0507
ASSISTED LIVING • RESPITE CARE
ON-SITE THERAPY
Better.
Better service
Better quality
Better kosher
Winn-Dixie
is proud to sponsor
The Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Getting better all the time.
106
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 109 =====
Scouting
Boy Scout Troopl4
Troop 14 completed
yet another productive and
adventurous year. The
troop hiked, fished,
canoed, camped,
completed numerous merit
badges and followed the
leadership of five of our
troop members who
attained the rank of Eagle
Scout, the highest level of
scouting.
The 2007 Eagle
Scouts are: Brett Jackrel,
son of Debra & Ted Jackrel, Benjamin Hecht, son of
Rose & Larry Hecht, Bradley Goldring, son of Stacey
& Bruce Goldring, Cory Brenenson, son of Estelle
& Scott Brenenson and Max Rogozinski, son of Randi
& Sam Rogozinski.
Troop 14 attended summer camp here in town and
traveled to Camp Daniel Boone in North Carolina. The
boys worked hard on their merit badges. The camp in
noted for its
intense scrutiny of
merit badge
advancement. In
the qualification
for rock climbing,
Harrison Phillips
was awarded for
his excellence.
Geoffrey Berlin,
Sanford Vining,
Zach Sandler,
Charles Pett and
Jeffrey Golding
all earned merit
badges ranging from communication, leadership, archery
and craft.
Meetings and events
always run smoothly
thanks to Richard Ford
and his staff, Scout Billy
Wilensky and every parent
volunteer.
The troop’s remarkable
dedication to the path of Eagle Rank
is recognized throughout the district
and at a national level. Because of
this, Scoutmaster Louis Schwartz
was honored for his decade of
leadership to Troop 14 with two
awards. In recognition for these
achievements,
Larry Hecht, on
behalf of the National Boy Scout
Council, presented Louis with BSA’s
Shofar Award and the Presidential
Scoutmaster Award. Louis will now
move on to represent our troop on a
council-wide level.
Boys ages 11 to 18 are encouraged
become part of the proud tradition of
scouting at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Attend our meetings on
Thursday evenings at 7 p.m. in the
Center’s Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge.
— Stacey Goldring
Florida Council’s
Riverbend District
Advancement Chairman,
Roberta Richardson, is a
reflection of the
commitment of the boys
and the much-appreciated
volunteers.
Eagle Scout Eddie Norton represented Troop 14
on a global scale, traveling to England to participate in
the World Boy Scout Jamboree. Selected scouts were
inducted into the Order of the Arrow, a leadership/
philanthropic society.
This year, Senior U.S. District Judge Harvey E.
Schlesinger delivered an important and moving
invocation during the Eagle Court of Honor Ceremony,
held in May. His participation, in addition to North
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
YOUR CREATIVE RESOURCE
Berman Bros., Inc.
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
RAYMOND W. COHEN
9223 Augusta Court / Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone 904-737-8645 FAX 904-737-8673
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 353-3694
email: raycohen@bellsouth.net
Lynne & Alan Greene
Owners
sunshop1@aol.com
www.sunshineshop.com
76e SuUmcuccvt
645 A1A - Beach Blvd. • St. Augustine Beach, FL 32080 • 904 - 471-6899
St. Augustine’s One Stop Beach Shop - Everything for the Beach for Everyone in the Family
MORRIS & MORRIS PA, CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
To Your Needs
•ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
• ESTATES AND TRUSTS
It’s Our
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. That's the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the very
best in quality, selection and service.
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 737 - 4241
Publix.
IT'S BEEN OUR PLEASURE.
108
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 111 =====
Recreation
A Summer filled with Great Adventures
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Haley Blount
Rishonim Director
Mitch Press
Athletic Director
Karen Morse
Chaverim Director
Summer 2007 at Camp Ki Tov was one of great
fun, adventures and memories to last a lifetime! From
awesome field trips to Color Wars to Camp Olympics,
this summer was one our campers will
never forget!
Camp Chaverim (lst-8th grades)
featured many exciting activities. The
campers took field trips to numerous
places around Jacksonville, such as
Alltel Stadium, the Zoo, and Bowl
America. They enjoyed learning
outdoor skills like tent assembly,
preparing a campfire, and much more
with a specialty camp led by Rabbi Dov
Kentof. The overnights kept everyone
smiling, as did swimming, hanging out
with friends, arts and crafts, and so much more!
The Camp Rishonim campers (ages 1-5)
experienced an amazing summer! Each week was spent
exploring a different theme, such as dinosaurs, bugs,
farm animals and space. The
campers enjoyed an Olympic Day
complete with shaving cream, an
egg toss and even a slip-n-slide!
Each week, they went on a field trip
to a wonderful place, such as
Diamond D Ranch, Metro Park and
the Museum of Science and History.
Camping for these little ones proved
to be a magnificent experience!
Everyone had a
PHENOMENAL time, thanks to our
terrific staff. We look forward to
many more amazing summers at Camp Ki Tov!
— Haley Blount and Karen Morse
109
===== PAGE 112 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you
want. The main number for the JJC switchboard will remain 292-
1000. When all the circuits are busy, a recorded message will offer step by
step instructions to the extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department or
person, simply dial: 268-4200 and follow the recorded instructions. If
your party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity to leave a voice
message or return to the switchboard.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL EXTENSIONS: Dial 268-4200, then ...
110 Rhoda Goldstein, Receptionist
111 Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Manager
112 Michael Kuhr, Executive Director
113 Lori Schoettler, Assistant Administrator
114 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
115 Cassie Vichozsky, Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
116 Jesse Roman, Galinsky Programs Secretary
117 Inez Accord - Bookkeeping Dept. (Dues)
118 Carole Goldberg, Principal
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
120 Day School Computer Lab
121 DayCare
122 Haley Blount - Kids Club/Camp Ki Tov
127 Library - Louise Leonard, Librarian
134 Rabbi David Weiner
142 Margo’s Catering
143 Preschool Office
Shirley Thacker, Secretary
144 Shereen Canady, Early Childhood Director
145 Religious School & Youth Department
146 Lois Tompkins, Religious School Director
148 Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring, Admin. Assistant
149 Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
150 Richard Ford, Maintenance Supervisor
151 Kim Winters - Bookkeeping Dept.
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Cantor Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
224 Scott Zimmerman, Ritual Director
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Coordinator
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Jacksonville Jewish Federation 448-5000
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation 394-0720
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Hebrew Home/
Wolfson Health & Aging Center 260-1818
Beth Shalom Congregation 268-0404
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubovitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim 262-3565
110
===== PAGE 113 =====
Supporters of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 Fax (904) 268-5292
This directory is for informational purposes.
It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of August 1, 2007
— A— — B —
111
===== PAGE 114 =====
Experience an exceptional dining
adventure in our
“Omaha Steakhouse.”
Take advantage of our indoor pool,
whirlpool and fitness center.
Stay in one of our spacious two-room suites,
each with a private living room and separate
bedroom. Kick off your shoes and relax,
because this is your home away from home.
Enjoy a COMPLIMENTARY, full cooked-
to-order breakfast and
COMPLIMENTARY Manager’s reception
in our breathtaking atrium.
Come see why Embassy Suites Hotel is
Jacksonville’s premier hotel!
Call for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Weddings,
Rehearsal Dinners, Birthdays, Anniversaries,
Corporate Events, or just count on us to
handle your special night out!
We provide COMPLIMENTARY
transportation for our guests to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
EMBASSY SUITES
HOTEL®
9300 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone: (904) 731-3555
Fax: (904) 448-6933
www.embassysuites.com
112
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 115 =====

===== PAGE 116 =====
Bessie Hoilman DrywalS Inc.
Residential or Commercial
• Metal Framing
• Acoustical Ceilings
• Textured Ceilings
• Insulation
• Remodeling Jobs - small & large
Bessie Hoilman
owner
617 N. Temple Avenue
Starke, Florida 32091
Phone: (904) 759-6091
Fax: (904) 964-8990
114
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 117 =====
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
Family accommodations that won't cramp my style.
My Homewood.
It's easy to enjoy time together in our spacious suites. Our accommodations include
separate living and sleeping areas with fully equipped kitchens. Wake up to a
complimentary hot breakfast daily. All for less than you might think. Visit
homewoodsuites.com or dial 1-800-CALL-HOME®.
MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME.™
Contact the Sales Department
for more information
or visit our website
homewoodsuitesjacksonville.com
Ask how you can earn a
complimentary suite for
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs and Weddings
Thursday through Sunday
Homewood Suites by Hilton
8737 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
904-733-9299
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
Hilton
TheHiltonFamily Hilton HHonors'
'Monday through Thursday, subject to state and local laws. ©2007 Hilton Hospitality, Inc.
116
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 119 =====
— E —
===== PAGE 120 =====
CLAUDE NOLAN
SINCE 1905
CAR & DRIVER LUXURY SUV OF THE YEAR 3 TIMES RUNNING!
4700 SOUTHSIDE BLVD. I ACROSS FROM TINSELTOWN I 904.642.5111 I www.claudenolan.com
118
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 121 =====

===== PAGE 122 =====
From One Generation To Another
Lasting traditions start at home with family and friends.
We've been a proud partner in your lasting traditions
of home furnishings since 1924.
5555 University Blvd. West 737-3700 Since 1924
liberiyfurnitureonline.com
120
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 123 =====

===== PAGE 124 =====
While you're planning for that special day, do something memorable for those who'll
be joining you. Have them stay In a relaxing suite with a fully equipped kitchen and
enjoy a complimentary Suite Start® hot breakfast buffet daily at the Homewood
Suites by Hilton® St. Johns Town Center. Visit homewoodsuites.com or call
1 -800-CALL-HOME®. MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME.™
Jacksonville/South
St. Johns Town Center
10434 Midtown Parkway
Jacksonville, FL 32246
(<§) .
TheHiltonFamily Hilton HHonors
(904) 641-7988
wwwjacksonvillesouth.
homewoodsuites.com
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
Hilton
*Some hotels have studio suites. Monday through Thursday, subject to state and local laws. ©2006 Hilton Hospitality, Inc.
My chance to treat all my guests like family.
My Homewood.
122
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 125 =====

===== PAGE 126 =====
MSLcbdAAS T
what you want on paper
C-We-ersJ.
Cjjs^Wa\ kvüsOk£>Y\^
Announcements, Stationery, Party Supplies
I 207 North Laura Street. Studio 200 . Jacksonville . Florida 32202 . www.madametproductions.com . 904 - 359 - 0199
124
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 127 =====
— K —
-J-
125
===== PAGE 128 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, INC.
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 388-2696
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR
CMC008140
GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CFC09184
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
4001 NORTH RODNEY PARHAM RD.
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS 72212
TELEPHONE: (501) 220-6977
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL, AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE
CONTROL SYSTEMS, HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING
AND PLUMBING
126
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 129 =====
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
I ■
GROUP
Services
Employee Selection,
Executive Assessment, Coaching
and Leadership Development
Specialties
Web-based Integrated Recruitment,
Screening, Selection, Performance
Management and Video Conferencing
Assessment Technologies Group is a team of
psychologists and Ph.D. organizational consultants
who use scientific employee assessments to help
your organization achieve greater success with new
hires and promotions, increase employee performance,
decrease turnover, raise morale and improve job fit.
4887 Belfort Road, Suite 105 • Call us today at 904.332.7227
or visit us online at www.assessment-tech.com.
128
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 131 =====

===== PAGE 132 =====
Who Says A Vacation
Can't Last 5 2 Weeks?
COASTAL HOME
’ OPP O RT UNIT! E S
FROM
THE DEVLIN GROUP
As a leading developer of premium
coastal properties, The Devlin Group has an
exceptional portfolio of residence communities,
from die Gull' to the Atlantic. Our properties
are built with the highest quality materials and
award-winning Craftsmanship, where luxury is a
OCEAN VILLAS
DAYTONA BEACH SHORES, FL
Oceanfront condominiums on
the world’s most famous beach
From $850,000
OCEAN GRANDE
PONTE VEDRA BEACH. FL
Large Intracoastal condominiums
From 55575,000
feature — not an upgrade. By carefully choosing
desirable locations and incorporating natural
surroundings, these properties capture die
THE COVE AT ST JOHNS
JACKSONVILLE, FL
Intimate waterfront condominiums
From 55625,000
POSITANO on the GULF
LONGBOAT KEY SARASOTA, FL
Elegant beachfront condominiums
From 552,900,000
THE GROVE
JACKSONVILLE, FL
Spacious, private Vilas
Coming soon
SAN SEBASTIAN RESORT
ST. AUGUSTINE, FL
Luxury waterside homes in the
heart of America’s oldest city
Coming soon
3Q
The Devi in Group
Call 800-867-4140
to learn more about
any of these properties.
Properties marketed by Devlin Group Realty Services LLC Licensed Real Estate Broker. Features, amenities, and prices are subject to change without notice. This view not available
from all residences. Artist’s rendering for conceptual purposes only. Oral representations cannot be relied upon as correctly stating representations of the developer. For correct rep¬
resentations, make reference to this advertisement and to the documents required by Section 718.503, Florida Statutes, to be furnished by a developer to a buyer or lessee.
IU
130
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 133 =====

===== PAGE 134 =====
COCKTAIL LOUNGE • TEMPURA
CcWKÍrtJ BtJTHXs Itur Eyes
• Sushi Barychildreir Menu • Teppanyaki Jabíes
• MeetingS^Otherü^urictions • Wedding Rehearsals
Private Parties • Private Banquets
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK
Tinseltown: Mon.- Fri. Lunch & Dinner • Sat. & Sun. Dinner Only
Mandarin: Mon. - Sun. Dinner Only
292-2400 642-2626
11148 San Jose Blvd. 4483 Southside Blvd.
All Major
Credit Cards
Gift Certificates
Available
BEACH BLVD.
\d L
§3
baa
8
★kan-ri
rnnscLTOWM)
JT BUTLER
1-295
KAN-KI*
1 itf
W
|
132
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 135 =====

===== PAGE 136 =====
Florida
PrimeAccess Savings
Over $25,000 5.13 APY*
Under $25,000 3.82 APY*
($2,000 min** to open}
N,A,
P/ease Come By and
See Us at Our New Location!
10024 San Jose BlvdL
(corner of San Jose &!vd*
& Crown PointRd. I
904-407-4740
Saul Crafton
Assistant Vice Resident
and Personal Banker
i ’fa»»... s.
Nina Howell
•Assrsianf Vice President
and Branch Manager
t=i
*■ Annual Percentage Yield (APY1 u effective 08/13/07 and t& subject to change. Certrflcate of
Deposit (CD| rates are fixed for the given term. A penalty may be imposed for early withdrawal.
Member FDIC f* PrimeAccess Savings Require an Active Checking Relationship to Open
www.flcb.com
134
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 137 =====

===== PAGE 138 =====
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
PRESIDENT
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
The Ultimate Team Superstore
AVENUES MALL
519-0099
ORANGE PARK MALL
269-0639
VISIT WWW.FOOTBALLFANATICS.COM
BISH WISHES T011 A
‘Hatty &> HtattHy Htw ytat
136
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 139 =====

===== PAGE 140 =====
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., RA.
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ears, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 262-7“ENT”(7368)
www.ent4kids.net
Compliments of
FORD, BOWLUS, DUSS, MORGAN,
KENNEY, SAFER & HAMPTON, PA.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
Eliot J. Safer
Robert M. Morgan
10110 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 268-7227
(904) 262-3337 Fax
3652 Crown Point Court
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 268-7227
(904)- 880-5352 Fax
www.flfirm.com
138
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 141 =====

===== PAGE 142 =====
T’fie (Preferred (Ffoor Syeciafist of the
Jacksonvide Jewish Center
our Signature Cut always includes a
shampoo and conditioning rinse.
32 locations in Jacksonville.
For the location nearest you visit our website at
haircuttery.com . ^
É5
Hair cutterv
ASHFORD SERVICES
Total Floor Maintenance & Restoration
YOUR SMILE REFLECTS IN THE QUALITY OF OUR SERVICES
2180 Emerson Street, Jacksonville FL, 32207
(904) 396-7090 • Toll Free: 866-390-7090 • Cell: (904) 333-7594
www.ashfordservices.net
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
E.H.TH0MPS0N CO.
“FOOD SERVICE EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES SINCE 1912”
• China, Glass & Silver • Heavy Duty
► Kitchen Supplies Cooking Equipment
• Bar Equipment • Paper & Plastic
' Chemicals Products
• Refrigerators
• Bakery Equipment
N. Florida’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer
Now Open to the Public
• Furniture
• Custom Fabrication
FAX (904) 354-4448
TOLL FREE 1-800-780-1555
358-1555
4655
LenoxAve.
140
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Onr Advertisers
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
PEOPLE • PRODUCT • PRICE * PERFORMANCE
IIERRY/IHMHM
Chevrolet
ii
^ AN AMERICAN R VOLUTION
The Chevy Place"
2600 PHILIPS HIGHWAY • 398-3036
“A Short Walk to Your Event5’
Free transportation to and from the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
^^0* * Bar/Bar Mitzvalis
* Wed dings
* Special Occasions
* Brunclies/Receptfons
Ramada Inn Mandarin and the Pozin Family
invite yon to come and be our guest at a family
owned and operated local hole!
We send our Best Wishes for a
Happy and Healthy New Year to You.
(§04) 268-80S8 313 Hartley Road
1-293 & San Jose Blvd.
www,Raniacia-Inii,c:om Jacksonville., FL 32237
PMCH-A-PENNY
POOIRCTIO-Sm
The Perfect People For A Perfect Pool
.YOUR POOL & PATIO SUPERSTORE !
11200 San Jose Blvd.
268-9561
Seining Mandarin
m 22 years!
No* offering *eeVJy pool service /
142
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====

===== PAGE 146 =====
You deserve this. A community bank with big bank perks.
DLC
Dermatology
& LASER
CENTER
EverBank® is proud to call Jacksonville home. We're even prouder
to offer you the benefits of a large national bank. Along with the
convenience of our branch locations and great service, you're also
going to love our nationally recognized high yield deposit accounts
and a lending capacity that's four times other community banks.
Get the best of all worlds. Only at EverBank.
Contact us today.
904.693.5500
www.everbank.com
® EverBank
iü
07CMBAD015
EverBank, the Infinity Sphere and EverBank logo are proprietary service marks
of EverBank. All rights reserved. ©EverBank® 2007
Official Kosher Meat Suppliers of
Margo’s Catering
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Beit WiiUei
puutt
AGRIPROCESSORS
SOUTH
Miasm,, m&U&a
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGISTS
N Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA, Medical Director
Mark A Cohen, MD, MOHS Surgeon
Bruce Paley, DO • William Garvin, MD (ret)
Angela Y Armstrong, ARNP
Diseases, Laser and Surgery of the Hair, Skin and Nails
“Specializing in the Comprehensive Treatment
for Sun Damaged and Aging Skin ”
Tumescent Liposuction • MOHS Surgery
The Quicklift MD- MINI FACE, NECK & BROW LIFTS
Intense Pulse Light Laser for Sun Damaged Skin
Chemical Peels • Laser Resurfacing
Laser Hair Reduction and Laser Removal of Vascular
& Pigmented Lesions & Wrinkles
Botoxtm • Juvederrntm • Sculptratm • Restylanetm
‘Designated a Platinum Botox Injector since 2004
"Expertise, Experience and the Latest Technology
FOR ALL YOUR SKIN CARE PROBLEMS”
2055 Professional Center Drive
Orange Park, FL 32073
(904) 276-4500
www.dermatologyandlasercenter.net
It’s Easy As 1-2-3
TO BO PEST FREE.
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
Termites
> Subterranean
* Formosan
* Drywood
* Pre-Construction Wood
& Soil Treatments
> REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
Pests
► Ants | Roaches | Fleas
» Carpenter Ant Specialists
» Annually, Quarterly, Monthly
Fire Ants
• Guaranteed Annual
Fire Ant Program
for Lawns
BRANDON
Pest Control
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Palm Coast 447.0013
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
TERMIDOIT 2941 Dawn Rd. | Jacksonville FL 32207
www.PESTFREE.com
144
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====

===== PAGE 148 =====
Get fresh with our simply delicious dishes
like Chili Garlic Salmon and Chicken Paillard.
Or, let our fabulous food and catering service
come to you with a special menu exquisitely
prepared by Chef Cheryl and Chef Jamey.
Let us handle all the details of your upcoming
wedding, graduation or corporate event.
OMS
duu£ tvuxJiÁ&b
CAFÉ AND TERRACE DINING
' TAKE OUT MARKET
> FULL SERVICE CATERING
* Bring this ad in for
at the Take Out Market
9545 San Jose Blvd. (Beside World Gym)
904.880.2291
www.heirIoomsinc.com • M-F: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Award Winning
Top Company Agent
Are you buying, selling
or relocating?
Dottie Shlafer Wilson & Coldwell Banker
Walter Williams Realty, Inc.
are two names you can trust
with all your real estate needs.
Dottie Shlafer Wilson ,REALTOR®
Certified Residential Specialist
Graduate Real Estate Institute
Certified Residential Relocation Specialist
10450 San Jose Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office (904) 394-2850
Direct (904) 699-3231
Fax (904) 268-3923
email homeagent1@aol.com
www.NorthFloridaHomes.com
GOUMttOU.
BANKOK B
tyfeLYftt. WIMIAA1S
RMT
ARRANGEMENTS
What A
Delicious Idea!
Delicious
Party
Same day pick-up
and delivery
available!
Most products are certified
Kosher by Rabbi Nosson Kaiser.
WWW.
ediblearfangements.com
Apple
Blo88©lh'
©20041
To order, please call
or visit the location
nearest you:
904-262-6632
The Shoppes at Bartram Park
(next to Kohls)
13760 Old St, Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville, EL 32258
Bill Page
1728 Hendricks Ave.
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
Phone: 904-854-0747
8 Fax: 904-854-0750
Cell: 904-553-2688
www. tilemarketjax. com
of San Marco
MICHAEL
Berry
Special Oaky
...jiu,
349-6401
Fax 287-4286
CBC025216 CBCA25216
CONSTRUCTION
MANAGEMENT
AND
CONSULTING
COMMERCIAL
AND RESIDENTIAL
LAND
DEVELOPMENT
146
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====

===== PAGE 150 =====
Vito
ID
Italian Restaurant
The One and Only
The Original Family
owned and operated
authentic homemade
Italian Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
TMÍ
Serving Jacksonville for
24 years at the same location
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
For All Your
Party & Event
Needs
dippiR’
dots 2“
Contact
owner
424-4518
43 ice Cream of the Future. C. ™ Cargo’s CateSg
at 268-4200, ext. 142
LATHING - PLASTERING - STUCCO
METAL STUDS - DKYWALL - DRYVIT
ACCOUSTICAL TILE - FLOOR COVERING
PHONE
(904) 359-0314
1703 LAMBERT STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32206
(904) 998-4196
(Fax) 998-4198
Screenprinting & Embroidery • Promotional Products
Business Gifts & Awards • Fulfillment Services
Catalog Programs • In-House Graphic Design
Incentives • Sales Promotions
Showroom Open Weekdays!
service@promodepoUom • 7845 Baymeadows Way, Jacksonville, FL 32256
246-3085
247-6778 Fax
0
PATTEN BUS SERVICES, INC.
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, Florida 32233
RICHARD PATTEN
JUDY PATTEN
148
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====

===== PAGE 152 =====
Unique gift packaging
Handmade truffles and
chocolates
Caramel nut corns
Homemade pastries
Wholesale and retail
Elissa Vining
REALTOR®
11226 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32223
Watson Realty Corp. REALTORS*
Office: (904)268-1200
Fax: (904) 421-7999
Direct: (904) 421-7956
Cell: (904) 333-3994
Email: ElissaVining@WatsonRealtyCorp.com
www.elissavining.com
&
LEADING
REAL ESTATE
COMPANIES"
^THl WOIU.D
(904)737-1344 "" ~
Lexus GS - Hummer
InJRniti FX4S - QX56
Excursion - Magnum
Land Yacht — 300
07 Escalade with Spa
Swsfe sot it Goin' on,— * „ #
At Susmumoxom
tt*
CHOCOLATE
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
904-262-9122
fax: 904-292-9559
www.3sisterschocolate.com
SALES • PROFESSIONAL CLEANING • RESTORATION
TEL: 904-260-2323
2958 Bernice Court
Jacksonville, FL 32257 ERI30B794 insured
www.BSDElectric.com
Jonathan@BSDElectric.com
Join us in celebrating 25 years of service to our family,
friends and neighbors! Throughout the year, we invite
you to the celebration and experience the foods that
make The Fresh Market unique.
10950 San JoseBlvd.
Jacksonville, FL
880AlANorth
Ponte Yedra Beach, FL
Mon-Sat: 9am-9pm
Sun: 10am-8pm
Mon-Sat: 9am-9pm
Sun: 9am-8pm
(Phone) 904.880.7889
(Fax) 904.880.8943
(Phone) 904.273.8450
(Fax) 904.273.8696
C, INC.
Jonathan Braunshweiger
Specializing in Residential
& Commercial, Service
& Installation
Quality Without Question
7999 PHILLIPS HIGHWAY • SUITE 307 • JAX. FL 32256
904.730.2121 • FAX 730.2080
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your glass
needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
With Lee and Cates Glass...
“You're going to see a big difference!”
20 North Florida—South Georgia Locations
to better serve you
150
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====
gFQÚáiq <tTo¿q
£ SUana, ^oua!
WukUuj, All ej Óun> fytUesu&b a
oH-ecdtluf, & tf-uijillUtQ, New- ílfeasi
A Special Welcome
to (Dusi fleco tf-amillei al the
fJacJzAosuUlte flecotiA Gentesi!
Andrea & Steven Mail
Sabrina, Zoé & Jasmine
151
===== PAGE 154 =====
&e¿Í rWüJí&L in, the Afea* yeast,
Sid & Anita Garfinkel
Barry, Dana & Elisa Garfinkel
Jeffery & Violetta Garfinkel
Steve, Brenda, Scott & Jennifer Albert
Michael, Joni & Samantha Albert
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
Dr. Bobby, Joanne, Blake, Alec,
Olivia & Chloe Garfinkel
Kim, Doug, Lauren
& Heather Diamond
===== PAGE 155 =====
Q&it fU/iilte¿,
fa a cMeaWui
a*ui Jtcupfuf, New- Ifeasi
The Selevan Family
Jack
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
===== PAGE 156 =====
cpTQU^q 'TJovo
&ebt /Wühei jjoA, a
eMeoMhu- & cMapfUi, Aleut- tlfeaA-
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Lynn, Brooke £7 Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Robin, Joshua & Samantha
Qood Jtealthr cMafxnineAA. Si Peace
to 'Ifou- ana- fyouSiL
^Htsioualtout the- 'IjeaA.
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
154
===== PAGE 157 =====
Mouj, the Convino, ílfea>i
fettincf, to ifon. ait tito UleáMmaÁ
off cMecMh, Peace and fjou
The Shorstein Family
A¿ we look, tmm/sÁ a l^ucjht new ij&gsi, we wtiit jpsi
4f0u; j&tfA, both, cyieat gmA ¿snail in ifou, dcULf lU/eb.
Elli & Charles and
Kim & Charlie
Chase, Morrie,
Bennett & Wendell
155
===== PAGE 158 =====
'xSovg
Qe¿t IaJuA&l
lo>i a JíeaUlvuS JtaftAM
N&u* yeasi
Dave & Phyllis Anchel
Lisa, Bill, Christopher, Rachel,
Curtis, Cindy, Allyson,
Katelynn & Brandon Klingner
Wendy, Jon, Kimberly
& Andrew Kiepek
Craig, Melinda, Michaela
& Jacob Anchel
Robyn, Justin, Briahna, Kesha,
Sean & Devin Ewing
¡o* a cMealUuf, S
New vfeasi
Merle & Ron Cherry
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin, Amy
Marc, Jenny, Ethan
& Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
Qe¿i fWUsU&i
jjO^i a JlecUUui S iJlappuj,
N&ut 'l/easi
The Fletchers
Julius & Charlotte
Dale
Gary, Sandi, Brad &Todd
Debbye, Juan & Jason
Sincere, 1/ÜiéAeA
lo*. a eMeaWuf.,
cMapjUf, New yea*
Maxine & Jerry Funk
Amy, Chris
& Jordan Petersen
156
===== PAGE 159 =====
ep^i^úTg xS_ovg
<Jlo4i*ui New- Jeat!
Gail, Paul
& Liza Furman
and
Sylvia Gottlieb
Beii WiiUei. ¡ai a
sMapfUf S. cMeaUUu.
New yeaA.
Nathan, Diane,
Elizabeth, Emily
& Laura Goldman
Qe¿t WiÜi&í a<Jloj2jQAf
S cJfecUMuf, A teta fl/easi
Mcuf, Ute GowUruj, y&aA
Renee & Alan Gordon
fetiiuG, fl/ou Qoq,
i? //r JjsiÁ
Lil Gordon
Qood cMealtU & Peace
Ronnie & Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natalie
Robert & Madeline
Bruce, Edith,
Harrison, Grant, Ellie Claire,
Sam & Max Horovitz
Dana, Steve, Jack & Georgia
157
===== PAGE 160 =====
Jl'Shana ^ova!
We wiiU all qua. vU&ndi
and Aelat¿ue¿ a happu
and Uealtnu, New. 'IfeaA.
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
Jl’SUana'rJova
Drs. Jeffrey & llene
Levenson
Annie, Brian & Eric
13SDSJ1 a rn
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
— High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
/J yean, &jj Peace a*ui
feleMisUf t& ail the MewtAenA,
the Genten, tf-amiLf,
pDita ™
SUana ^ova
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan,
Avichai, Elior,
& Itamar Lubliner
WiUusuj, BmMfQjm a
VeAAf, <sMGj2{Uf & <JlecdUuf
New l^ean,
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
& Ethan Plotkin
158
===== PAGE 161 =====
Belt Wi&U&i {ok a
J4a¡2fui & JíeoWui,
Aleut Ifeak
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay,
Whitney & Jillian
Rosenberg
2 SUa*ui *104*0.
The Rothstein Family
Mitchell, Diane,
Adam, Nina & Sophie
isroji ralis natf?
Bolt IdJakei. {ok a
JleaWuf, & {Joyoul.
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Nout Ifeak
Mathew & Dede
Ellen & Robert Schnipper
Morry & Rachel
David Schnipper
Lauren Schnipper
Deena &Jim Richman
Liz, Greg, Sofia and
Avi, Sara & Louis
7 O7
Alexander Maidman
159
===== PAGE 162 =====
c£ígí^^22°i¿i
(ie¿t 'U/i&h&i jjosi a
otí-GfLfUf, Sí <JlecdUuf
New l^eosi
Beit Wiihei
jjpA a dleaUltu &
cM&pfui Aleut yeaA
Ellen, Barry
Leonard, Debra,
and
Faye & Michael Setzer
Dena Setzer
Benjamin, Melanie
& George Setzer
Beit Wiihei j¡oi a
■Jtapfuf, & tM-eaitluf,
Aleut yeaA.
L’Shana Tova
WiblUncj, If an, a
7ito*uieAffut and
cJteattluf, yeaA
Drs. Barry & Rori
Stevens
Edward, Millie, Sam
Josh & Carly
&Jonathan Tannen
160
===== PAGE 163 =====
Ute, Neu*- %feaA
GmA AlufOtf¿ . . .
JíeaUh, <Jlaffl2ÍHe¿A,
ümÁ Peace
ta l^f 'ou gmÁ 'IjottAA,
The Weitzen Family
Jerry, Dianne & Mandy
Michael, Mangala,
Maya & Joseph
Tim & Leah Seymour
jO. 'SUona *104*0, to- 044*1
fyamily and fyniendi.
May you*i yean, he- filled with
muck- naoltai, and many, HmcAgA-.
Jason & Sarah Agidius
Frieda Andriesse
Jonathon Andriesse
Jd'SUana *104*0
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
HeU l/UiAptei jpsi a
<Jloup*p4f, S JíealUuf,
Afew l/jeasi
Oust, feeU 'WliUei fo*n, a
Jtafapy, & <MeaMUy Ne*** Ifean-
Morton & Vera Benjamin
Sandy, Lynn,
Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
falliUiny Soe*ufOne
a dlapyuf, Si dlealtUy New 1jea*i
The Berger Family
Brad & Ruthie
Eric, Tori & Hailey
161
===== PAGE 164 =====
dla^ipuf, New Ijeasi
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
& Jodi Schneider
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth,
Emily & Laura Goldman
Jlapfui New fljea^i
fnetn Owi tf-Gunihj, to- 'IjowiA-l
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline
hr Amelia Ernas
New Ijeasi
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Jodi Schneider
cMajXfUf, & sMecdtluj, New fyeasi.
Peace- on £anlU to- All.
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
Jl'&liana ^ova
Leo, Joanne & Mary Davis
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley & Izabella
Brian & Amy & Charlotte
P>eAÍ 'l/Uiiltei-
¿04- a yeaA- billed witli
JteaUUf sSapfUneM- & Peace
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis,Cara
Emily & Erik
Jl/lcuj, you. All cNrave a Ifeo/i of
Jlealtk, <A-a^up¿neM- & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny, Ethan, Samuel,
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina, Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
A «M-ofifUf-, <Jleattluf-
& Peaceful New IfeaA-
Chary & Michael Greenburg
and Family
162
===== PAGE 165 =====
&e¿t IáJíaJí&í JjQSi a d-Gjifiif,
& JíeaJMuf, New íljoa>i
The Levines
Bill, Stevie & Samanatha
Aaron & Angela
feebt 'Wtiti&i fart, a
d-apfUf. & ctleolUuf, New yean,
Robin, Jeffery, Shira,
Aliza & Zachary Morris
Jd'SUona ^ova
Jan, Bruce,
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
A eMap^uf,, cMeattluf, and
PnoApenauA. New yean.
The Mosias Family
Steve, Irene, Stefanie,
Daniel & Mark
fyJiUUna you, a Sweet
Si ctiecutluf. New yean.
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
& Gabrielle Margol
tyJiAttinCf you, the
SweetneM. of a New yean,
L’Shana Tova
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary & Jacob
Ó1U1 /teit lAJiAslteA, fan, a
«M-ealtluf, & Jlapfuj, New yean,
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam & Melinda Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
A cMeattluf & Jíappuf, New yean,
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler £7 Wendy Kesler
Marcy, Bill & Madison Fries
Herman & Judy Paul
Michael, Angie, Alex & Paige Paul
Steven, Jessica, Ashlyn
& Rebecca Paul
Laurie & Mark Walther
===== PAGE 166 =====
Bebt l/UaiteA, fan. a
cMealUuf., cA-cí{l{uj, ftleut ^eosi
Mary & Leonard Selber,
Lillian Friedman and
Roselyn Selber & Family
A AtapfUf, Sl Atealthy Aleut Ifeati to- Oun,
"J-niendli, A-atnily & GUcuhiAoJi
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
'UhihUny you a AtcyifUf,
& Ateatthy Aleut yean.
Larry, Carla, Josh, Geri &■ Sam Bernard
(Dun Beit fkJibltei fan. a
cAapfuj, & cMealtluj, New- yean.
Judy & Steve Silverman
Beii 'l/Uohei fast the Aleut yean.
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
May youn. yean. Be fyilted
with, oHeoUlt, Atapspiueii. & Peace
Abe &■ Shirley Bielski and Family
Bebt Wultei fan. a yean. of
Peace, cAeoltU S JtapfUneü
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
Beit Waltei jjon. a yean, oj
Peace, Jtealth & <Jlapy2ineH
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Beit iMiihei to Alt Oun, fyniendli
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
WlblúiUf. lyou. a yean,
¿tilled with Maruf. BleMiwcjA.
Evan, Arlene,
Esther & Tania Yegelwel
fáeAst WiA^teA. fpsi a
Jieaítlu/t S cMafifuj, N&ut yect/i
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family
BeAst 'It/iAii&i fort. a
Jiaffitf, S G^ecdtluf Noam y&asi
Laurie, Linda, Susan,Shira,
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie DuBow
===== PAGE 167 =====
cP’Qknma ‘xSovg
H JtGjipAf, S JfecUUuf, Alew LjeoA,
Linda & Lester Edelstein
Sandra & Barbara
Dr. Walker, Mindy & Rachel Whaley
May you Bo BleMed with Qood dtecdth
Peace. £ -JtappUueii in the Now yeaA
Leslie, Eddie & Eric Held
Kim, Jon, Eliza, Allie & Ayden Israel
A cMafifUf, £ dlealtluf. Now Ijeasi to ALL
Martin, Betty, Angela
& Joshua Edwards
Be¿Í I/ÜíaJí&L fan a
JíafLjMf, S Jiacvltluf, New yeadi
Ben Hoffenberg
WiAslvtinn, you a yeasi aj
<Jlecdtlt & <^Cupyf24UeM
Michael, Ava, Leia & Julie Fixel
Bod Wühoi jp* a dtappuf. £ dtecdtluf. Now yeast
Rhoda & Norman Kagan
Donna, Martin, Falyn
Jonathan & Lance Buring
Bod Wühoi jpA a
dtappuf. £ Jtealtluf. Now- ^eoA-
Ben & Pat Frisch
Adam, Mark and Steven
'Wo Wait you Alt
a dlappuf, Jlealtluf, Now yeast
Sheldon & Harriett Kaplan
Lee & Kevin
&eAÍ lAJiAsli&L jjQSi a
Jlappuf, S cJíecdiluf New y&Gu>i
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
JB'Bhana *1oua
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh Kornblum
Bod Wühoi jjO>i a tjoasi of
Peace-, JtocUth Si Jtappinoü
Carole Goldberg
David and Lane Goldberg
Eric & Sherry Goldberg
Marie & Irv Kowitz
Pat & Csaba Orban & Litsa
Hazzan Mitchell & Linda Kowitz
Joshua, Michael Benjamin, Shelly Marie,
Logan & Kyle
dlopfUf, Now yOGA
fee&t rWiA¿te¿ frw a
The Goldstein Family
Jeff, Doris, Ellen, Max& Aliza
peaceful £ oH-eaiuuf, How if east
The Krestul Family
JB’Bhana ^Joua,
&eAÍ WiAsli&i a
// /// e? // /I/
Jane, Ira, & Renee Grann
Beth & Richard Exline
aHecMiuf Si cAafifUf Jl&ut bjeoA,
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
===== PAGE 168 =====
PeU l/ÜiAÍí&i {j&i a yean Peace,,
cJlealUi S <Jtap^i¿ycei¿
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy &• Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee & Mischa Pollock
Aleut yean,'i. Qneetim^i.
Kal & Judith Levinson
l/UiApUrUf y&cc a yeasi e¡ Qood stealth,
<^G^xpÁ*ie¿¿, Genientrneni S Peace
Barbara, Jerry, Nicole & Noah Portnoy
d'ajiyuf, Pleca yeGSi te Alt Qiní Sc&ccti,
'Ijeusuf S yeusuj, at Jteani
Jan Lipsky
Wansvcebt WiUcei fon a
JtafifUf, S Jieottluf Pleca yean,
Julia, Jay, Arthur & Corey Portnoy
Peit Wliltei fon, a
JtealUuf, & cM-ap^uf, Pleca yeon,
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
A (JlayifUf, & Jtealtluf. New- yean,
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
Wan^teU WiAiteL fon a
S dleoLtluj, Pleca yeon
Barbara & Bennie Margol
Beit '1/UiiLei, Qood JlealtU & Jtapfu, Aleut yean,
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol, Douglas & Zita Weinstein
Mcu, the Gomieuj, If&aA. be a eMap^cuf, One
fon, yon, S youSiA
Marilyn & Mike Mass
Beit 'l/Uühei. ¡¡on, a
eJlealtluf & <MapfUf, Afew- yean.
Alan, Ellen,
Rachel, Adam & Gabriel Rosner
WlUvina yecc S yeuAA,
a yeon ejf QulfolUnent S Peace
Jewel & Herman Miller
Wiittincj, yon a yean, of Qood JleaUlt & Peace
The Rubens Family
George &■ Ellen, Joshua & Cara
Marcy &• Michael, Sydni and Taylor
Jt'Sltana ^leita
Kathy, Morrie, Jessica,
Ashley Lois Osterer
Natalie, Eli & Shira Menaged
Melissa & Douglas Storch
A cMapfu, S dieattlu, Aleut yean.
The Ruby Family
Margo & Stanley
Andrew, Catrina, Jessica & Jacob
===== PAGE 169 =====
Pedí Waited jpst a 'Lfeast
o¡ Peace., cAealtlt £ Alapytistedd
Gaye, Neil &Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
P>e¿Í WiAJi&i favi a
S cJlcLfLfUf, lleAM yean,
Carole & Barry Sinoff
May the Gosttisty yeast Istista you ¡joy £
eAappsstedd, Qood <AeoUh £ Peace
Bonnie &■ Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul
Laurie, Kevin & Dustin Alan
Pedt Widhed jpst a
cAealthy £ <Aappy New- tfeafr
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
2Shasta ^oua <Jihatassu
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Lisa & Stefanie
Ivy & Joshua Weingram
Wolusty you a tf-Mutyul yeast
Quit oj 2oue £ Alaytpistedd
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael
and Hilda Warfield
Qost the Aleut flfea>i £ ALuuayd
cAealth, cAapyUstedd £ Peace
Dr. Kenneth & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua, Emilie & Naomi Paige
Elizabeth, Sarah
A <Aappy £ <Aeatthy Alew- yeast
Esther Weiss & Family
&eAÍ WiAsU&i fart, a
JiecMJuf, & cJicispspAf New yean
Rochelle Shainbrown
2'Shasta ^Joua
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Stephanie, Kyler & Taryn
2'Shasta 'loca <Aihatauu
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Pedt 'Wiiltei pvt a Qood yeast
Sylvia Wexler
Pedi Widhed to A-asnily £ fyniesuHd
fort, a <Aappy £ JtecUthy Aleut rLfean.
Joni & Harry
Adam & Kim, liana and Ross Shmunes
2'Shasta ^Joua
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas & Holly Witten
Jonathan & Julie Witten
WiAsliincj, QwSi tf-cuniLf, asiA fyniesuíi
a <Jlecdiluf, <JlapLfUf,r Pesoce^d
& PnjoAjxeSi&uA, N&ut yea/i
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
Pedt Waited fast a <Aappy,
<AeaUhy Aleut yeast
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex,
Jared & Ally Wolfson
===== PAGE 170 =====
cM’apfUf, New IjeaA.
Jerry, Anita, Jeffrey,
Jonathan and Laura Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas & Stella Rachel Muzin
IL—^
Beit WiilteA jjOA a AlapfUf, £ eMealtluf, New yeaA
Jack &■ Anita Dittman
Ricky, Elaine, Lauren & Erica Mack
New yean-'i. CjAeetisujA
Dr. Mark, Roz, Rachael &• Alexandra Abramson
Beit WiilteA jpA the New yeaA
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
£'Shasta doua dihatauu
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
May you tyistd SucceiA in the New yeaA!
Etta Fialkow
A dlapfuf. £ Alealtluf- New yeaA
Fred, Allison & Nikki Bailys
Alapfuf, £ Peacejjul New yeaA
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
(Jlapfuf. New yeaA.
Marsha Berdit & Family
Jl'Shasta- dooa
Judy & Saul Eisen & Family
QtieetisUfi £ Beit 'WiilteA
Edward E. &• Rena Bernard
JB 'Shasta doua to- All
The Ferman Family
Beit IdJiitveA jjOA. a cMapfUj, New yeaA
Annette & Leon Bernstein
JT Shasta doua
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
Beit h/iilteA jjOA a Atap^nf. £ cMealtluj, New yeaA
Philip, Linda, Lauren & Sasha Bloom
A cMafifUf, £ Jleoltluf New yeaA to All
Beverly Geller & Family
'Wiihssuf. you a <Jlealtluj, £ dlaftfuj, New yeaA
Naomie & Bob Bossen
AlofifUf. New yeaA
Bonnie Gelman
Beit Waltei, piA a -Jleattluf £ cMafifuf New yeaA
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
JB’Shasta doua
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian & Karina Wolinetz
Beit 'WiilteA JjGA a Aleattluf, New yeaA
Becky Bromberg
JB'Shasta doua
Sol & Hilda Goldman
Beit WiilteA ¿OA a eMealtluf, £ Jlafip*}, New yeaA
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
JB'Shasta doua
Jonathan, Amy, Sam, Barry & Seth Goodman
A Ateattluf. £ dta^ipsf. New yeaA
David, Sonya, Gabrielle & Joel Cohen
A S cHeaJMuf New ^ecidi
ta nuj, fycvnULf, S tf-niesidU
Use Gottlieb
feed Wiihei. JpA a JlojifUf. £ <ttealthsf, New yeaA
Myra Cohen
A dlapfuf, £ cJleoltluf New yeaA
May Grann
do- oue asid all, have a wosideAjjul New yeaA
Jerry & Kathy Cohn
Shasta doua
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
===== PAGE 171 =====
Beit litiitiei fon a <ttafifuf £ ettealttuf New yean
Lewis, Barbara &■ Sarah Hunter
ctlafipjf New yean
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Sara, Dena, Jonathan &• Debra
Beit litiitiei fon a <ttafifuf New IjeaA
Arthur Hurwitz
1'Skona ’tova
Steven, Faye, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Beit litiitiei fon a etteatttuf New l/ean
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
ettafifUf New yean
Judy Naftulin Geller Nevel
WiAbittuj, you a Ncut ^edA failed with moruf,
RleAAincfL a¡ Peace, JlcaUlt S
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
Beit litiitieA fa>n a AtopfUf New yean
Jeanette Newman & Family
litiitUncf tjou. a <ttafifUf £ ettealttuf l/ean
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof, Talie and Zach
JB ’Sitaría 'tona u. ‘Metutzah
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
ettcepfuf New yean
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Beit litiitiei fain a <ttafifuf £ ettealttuf New yean
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley &• Lyle Passink
A ettafifUf £ ettealttuf New yean to Alt
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
Peace, <ttafipineii £ etleaitli to All
Anita & Allan Perlman and Joy Jeneff
Rosalind Klein
Ann, Leon, &• Arlene Silke
Cheryl, Greg & Jessica Benisch
Wendy, Ron & Lauren Feinberg
ettapfiinei, Peace £ (food etleaitli
Ron & Lita Poehlman
Oun Beit l4tiitieA fan a ettafifuf, ettealttuf New If eon
Naomi & Larry Lazar
Beit litiitiei. fon a ettapfuf £ ettealttuf New yean
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
A <tla/ifufr ettealttuf New yean
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
Wubincj, a S dlealHuj, Neat faeo/i
la all the ¡jfjG tf-omihcL
The Raikes Family
Beit 1/Uiitiei fan a cttafifUf £ ettealttuf New yean
Hilbert & Betty Ann Margol
Beit litiitiei. fain a ettafifUf £ ettealttuf New yean
Arlene, Jerry, & Jason Rademan
Alyssa & Matthew Siegel
JtafLfUf, New Ijean
Bernie & Joan Marón & Family
ettcepfuf £ ettealttuf. New yean
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
<tlapfuf New yean
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
Beit litiitiei. fam a Peaceful New yean
Rick, Claudia, Joshua & Jodie Rosenberg
ettopfuf New yean
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg
and Sharon Michaels
htiitiiruf Zventforte a etlapfuf £ ettealttuf New yean
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Jl’Shana *7ova
Dr. Edward & Judy Mizrahi & Family
cttafifuf New yean
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair,
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
===== PAGE 172 =====
7JTTTOÚmo 'zSovg
'Wültuuf. fL/(M. a Jlofifuj,, Jteattluf,
£ Sweet /lew 'l/ea'i.
Frances Schemer & Family
Beit Tt/uitei jjo*i a c/lap^uf, £ <Jíeattluf. /leu* fl/ea*i
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
A ^ljea*i in udüch
Alt you*. fyondeit ctlopei. Come *1*1440
Margaret Schemer & Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Beit 'Wiiliei. jjOX. a dteoltluf, £ cMajifu^. New- IjeaA
Edward & Bunny Witten
'Waiting, &ve>uiOne JtapfiineM. ami.
Qood dleattn jp*i tUe /leu* l/easi
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Beit t/Uiitiei. jjO*i a dlap^uf, £ dleattluj. Men* t/ean.
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin & George Setzer
Jl'SUana ’/ova
David, Priscilla, Jason,
Matthew & Shoshana Schmerer
c/lap^iy, £ dlealtluf. /lew- rlfea>i
Murray & Chickee Yegelwel
Beit lAJu/tei. jjo*i a cMealtluf, /leu* tjea>i
Nathan & Thelma Schneider
Peace, Qood dtealtti £ dlapfUneii. Jjoo, the /leu* l/easi
Elsie Yellin
cMapyfUf. /leu* tjeasi
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
Beit tiliittei ]fO*i a dtajifUf. /leu* Ijeasi
Jack & Molly Silverman
Beit t/Uiiliei. ¿0*1 a Peacejjut Jleu* If east,
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
A dlapfuf. £ dleattluf. /leu* IfeGSi
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
H'Sltana "/ova, If a'll
Karen & Phil Sterman
WiiUlnCf, S.oe'ufone a Jlafaptf, £ <Jleattlu¡. /leu* t/easi
Joan & Ben Talpalar
A dlapfuf., cMealtluj, £ Peacefjut Aleu* 'l/eaA. to All
Harry & Dot Verstandig
Beit Wiittei jjOSi a dlapfuf. £ dleatttuf, /leu* 'hfea'i
Sumner & Joan Waitz
A cMajifuf,, dlealttuf, £ Peace^ut /leu* 'Ifea'i
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow & Family
cMapjuj, /leu* tjeasi
Daniel, Lathy, Life, Mari,
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler & Family
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Anne Benjamin & Family
Brian & Judie Benwick
Philip & Pollie Copans
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson & Brenna Dacks
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Sandi Driben
Harriette Ehrlich
Ruth Fagan
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
170
===== PAGE 173 =====
9P*5íiaiva xJc-Wg
Mrs. Carl (Rose) Goldberg
Helen Goldman & Family
Roz & Faye Goodman
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Diane & Allen Gray & Family
Julie Halpern & Family
The Honigmans
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Lil Koegler & Family
Hank, Ellen, Lauren & Jessica Kopp
Walter & Sylvia Kraemer
Dorothy S. Legum
Paula Lerner
Peter &• Phyllis Lesnik & Family
Phyllis Paul Lewis & Family
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Hilda Lewit & Family
Clara & Milton Mann
Joyce Margol & Family - Dallas, Texas
Hilda Mazo & Family
Lillian Meizlik
Dr. David & Judy B. Mizrahi
Ira & Evelyn Peck
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
Leon Robins & Family
Betty & William Rose
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Bernard & Celia Sachs
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Mr. &• Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Minnie Schreiber
Mr. &■ Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
Leah & Iris Solomon
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier & Family
Barbara Teitelman & Family
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Tompkins
Jean Weinberg &• Family
Alan & Sandy Weiss
Martin & Sandra Weiss & Family
Martin & Minnie Weisstein & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Benjamin Zimmerman
Zipora Zucker
171
===== PAGE 174 =====
Best Wishes for A
Healthy and Happy New Year
Shorstein & Kelly
ATTORNEYS AT LAW, P.A.
Adoption Professionals
Michael A. Shorstein Brian T. Kelly
Phone: (904) 348-6400
TOLL FREE: (800) 348-6434
www.Adoption-USA.com
uncovering opportunities
Investment Planning
Retirement Planning
Wealth Management
Hedge Fund Opportunities
m
MLS
►Managed Accounts
► Life Insurance & Annuities
► Small Business Consulting
► Alternative Investments
• Residential/Commercial Real Estate LLC Partnerships
& Customer Enhanced Buy/Sell Pass-Through Transactions
www.DiggerCapital.com
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Advisor
Licensed Real Estate Salesperson
(904) 730-7442 direct • (866) 730-7442 toll-free
scott@diggercapital.com
AOL Instant Messenger: DiggerCapital
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Balotin’s - Scott, Ellen, Casey, Parker & Digger
172
===== PAGE 175 =====
— Executive Committee -
President
Leonard Setzer
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Gary Perlman
Vice Presidents
Debbie Parker
Michael Solloway
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Francine Kempner
Treasurer
Larry Appel
Secretary
Leonardo Maiman
Women’s Campaign Chair
Rori Stevens
Immediate Past President
Leslie Held
Presidential Appointee
Mitchell Levine
Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 • Fax. 448-5715 •
www.jewishjacksonville.org
The officers, board members and staff of Federation wish the members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a Happy and Healthy New Year!
The Jewish Federation is the only organization in our community conducting
an annual campaign benefiting the JCA, River Garden, JFCS, the Jewish Foundation,
all local synagogues, the Jewish Agency for Israel and the Joint Distribution
Committee. All synagogues in Jacksonville receive an allocation from Federation.
One of Federation’s priorities is support of Jewish education. We are proud to
fund the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and to work together as co-sponsors of Family
University. Federation funds the Torah Academy of Jacksonville now in its 5th year
of operation. This fall marks the third year for our Jewish community’s Hebrew
High program, Beit Midrash, to fall under Federation.
Journeys to Israel for our youth make all the difference in the world. We are
proud to support the Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program and birthright Israel.
Community Relations, Missions, Leadership Development and planning make
up the Federation’s agenda.
We pray this will be a wonderful year for the members of our Jewish community
and our fellow Jews living in Israel and throughout the world.
Leonard Setzer, President Alan Margolies, Executive Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees wishes you and yours
\L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Yeanj
This year, while you are contemplating your blessings, consider the many
programs of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. What a better time than Rosh
Hashanah and Yom Kippur, when we are looking into the eyes of those we love
and thanking G-d, to make a commitment to perpetuate a family tradition of
supporting Jewish causes.
Please remember the Jacksonville Jewish Center while doing your estate
planning. Contact the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation to learn more about the
many opportunities to include the Center and other Jewish causes you care about
in your estate planning and in your will.
It is the mission of the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation to ensure the future
of our partner organizations including the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
P. O. Box 24847 Jacksonville, Florida 32241
Phone: 904«394*0720 Fax: 904-394-0956
www.jacksonvillejewishfoundation.org
Foundation
— Board of Trustees
Fiscal Year 2007-2008
Richard Sisisky, President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Loretta Cornelius
*Michael Donziger, Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards, Sec.
Dr. Ronald Elinoff
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. ,V. P.
*Mel Gottlieb, Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Kenneth B. Jacobs, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe, CIMA
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Marsha Pollock
Neil Presser, CPA, Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
*Mark Shorstein, CPA, Trustee
^Stephen Silverman, Trustee
Stacie Wilf
Sandy Zimmerman
Barry Zisser, Esq.
*Past President
Of Blessed Memory
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
173
===== PAGE 176 =====
JCA
2007-2008
Executive Board
Steve Sherman
President
Randy M. Kammer
Vice Prsident
Katie Kight
Vice President
David C. Miller
Vice President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Jan Lipsky
Secretary
Charles Berman
Treasurer
Malcolm Bloom
Asst. Secretary/Treasurer
Kenneth B. Jacobs
Past President
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
Community Agencies
Jewish Community Alliance
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
The mission of the JCA is to strengthen Jewish life, serve as a common meeting
ground, and enhance the quality of life of the entire community. To aid us in that
mission, the JCA has completed a $4.6 million expansion project that includes a
4,500 square-foot, state-of-the-art fitness center with more than 100 pieces of strength
and cardiovascular equipment, a remodeled adult lounge, a new pottery and arts
studio, a new aerobics area and additional classrooms for the Early Childhood
Education program.
The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality programs
for people of all ages including: accredited summer camp and preschool, Mommy
and Me, after school care, young family programs, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer, J
Institute, mature adult activities, youth theatre, fitness and recreational programs,
Machón Aviv, Young Concert Artist series, Jewish education, culture and arts
programs, and by providing a place for family, “neighborhood,” and community
gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other
local synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and
celebrations. Some of the fabulous programs held this year included: Tuesday Torah,
Jewish Book Festival, special film showings of “Nowhere in Africa” and “Ushpizin,”
Yom HaShoah commemoration, and Yom Ha’Atzmaut celebration.
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you
to be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable
to all. Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs — after all, YOU
ALREADYBELONG
The JCA is the common meeting ground for the entire Jewish Community.
Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
River Garden Auxiliary is celebrating its
85th year, having started in 1922 as the Ladies
Hebrew Sheltering and Air Society. We provide
volunteer services to the residents of River
Garden Hebrew Home, as well as raise funds.
Please join us in our efforts, make new
friends and get that wonderful feeling that
comes from helping others. For information,
please call Carole Ort, Membership Vice
President, at 886-9808.
— Betty Abisch, Auxiliary President
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2007-2008
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P.:
Membership V.P.:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Betty Abisch
Barbara Safer
Shirley Mirkis
Carole Ort
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
Karen Backilman
174
===== PAGE 177 =====
Community Agencies
River
Garden
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH & AGING CENTER
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • 260-1818 • www.rivergarden.org
A Gold Seal Community
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long . . .” It was this
commandment which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home in
1946. It was this commandment which nourished the love and care that for more
than fifty years has made River Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence
in its field. It was this commandment that made it necessary to create a Home that
is welcoming to families and encourages its use as an extension of family space.
River Garden residents are a part of the community, not apart from it!
The River Garden Hebrew Home has also become the anchor of a growing
system of elder services including the Home, The Coves, The Therapy Center,
Family Care Support program and Home Health Agency. The success of River
Garden is based on the tradition of meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community
needs and of serving rich and poor alike with excellence. The River Garden
Foundation accepts donations to help River Garden continue to meet its mission.
This would not be possible without substantial charitable support from the
community and the work of The River Garden Foundation to stimulate planned
gift annuities, trusts and bequests.
River Garden’s programs of short-term rehabilitative/respite care, long¬
term residential care, Alzheimer’s/Adult Day Care and outpatient therapies serve
hundreds of people a day. These programs are guided by a devoted, professional
full time staff of over 230. Staff includes physicians, beauticians, nurses, social
workers, pharmacists, activities specialists, physical occupational and speech
therapists and dieticians. In addition, scores of dedicated volunteers help create a
special caring community.
Located on a 35 acre Mandarin campus containing lush Florida oak and
pine trees, a private lake, meandering walking paths, River Garden is the perfect
setting for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community where people
live, love and care. It is a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content,
and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the Fifth
Commandment.
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Fred Tromberg
Vice President: Michael Greenburg
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Vice President:
Ronald Elinoff
Secretary:
Allen Gray
Treasurer:
Martin Wolf
River Garden Hebrew Home
President:
Gloria Einstein
Vice President:
Mark Lodinger
Vice President:
Janis Fleet
Vice President:
Skip Walbach
Vice President:
Jack Price
Secretary:
Judith Paul
Treasurer:
Edward Grenadier
River Garden Foundation
President:
Marsha Pollock
Vice President:
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President:
Debbie Harris
Vice President:
Stacie Wilf
Secretary:
Hazel Curtis
Treasurer:
Jeffrey Edwards
The Coves Board
President
Michael Lissner
Vice President
C. Donald Romo
Vice President
Lois Schlesinger
Secretary:
Shirley Bielski
Treasurer
Dennis Lafer
This elegant yet affordable
retirement community is located on
River Garden’s 35 acre campus in
Mandarin.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit
River Garden Holding Company, The
Coves offers comfort, security,
clubhouse living and the opportunity for
continued growth during the retirement
years, in a Jewishly sponsored
environment.
River Garden
FOUNDATION
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established
to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services.
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
175
===== PAGE 178 =====
Community Agencies
JEWISH
FAMILY&
COMMUNITY
SERVICES
Changing lives for better tomorrows
6261 Dupont Station Court East
Jacksonville, FL 32217 • Phone 448-1933
Clients Served - Lives Touched
Jewish Family &Community Services is there for you
At JFCS we are awed by our numbers. How
many clients were served, who we fed, helped with
rent, counseled. For over 90 years JFCS has been
providing care at every stage of the life cycle, from
the joy of a new baby’s first cry, to the profound
sadness of the loss of a loved one.
As incredible as the numbers are, they do not
always tell the story of caring and dedicated staff.
Dedicated not to numbers but to each single person
that walks through the doors. A senior who takes a
cab ride to religious services doesn’t tell the whole
story of time spent by JFCS staff listening and caring
as she tearfully talks about the loneliness she feels
after losing her husband of 65 years. Or the case
manager who meets a struggling Jewish family at the
Greyhound station to purchase their bus tickets, with
a bag of food, so they can safely join their relatives
in the Midwest.
— JFCS Officers —
2007-2008
President:
David Garfinkel
First Vice President:
Sandy Zimmerman
Chairman of the Board:
Jim Kempner
Chairpeople:
Fund Development
Caren Appel
Treasurer/F inance
Bruce Glassman
Programs & Services
Francine Kempner
Public Relations
Marsha Pollock
Administrative (House)
Jack Price
Case
Eunice Zisser
The numbers do not look into the eyes of our clients. They do not tell the
stories of their success and our dedication. When we say with pride, that we provided
services to over 400 Jewish individuals in only six months, maybe we should say
we helped a mother... a grandfather ... a sister ... a child. And the positive impact
of our services supported everyone around them. The work we do is not only
measured one by one, it adds up to families, relatives and loved ones. So many lives
touched.
At JFCS we take care of the Jewish Community; that is and always will be our
priority. Your support as donors, volunteers and community advocates over the last
year has made it all possible.
Thank you,
Iris T. Young
JFCS PROGRAMS FOR THE JEWISH COMMUNITY
Counseling - Workshops - Groups
• Jewish Grief Support for Bereaved Spouses
• Age Spot - Caregiver Support
• Two Faiths One Heart -
Interfaith Support Group
• “Minds in Motion!” - Supportive educational
services
Emergency Financial Assistance
• Rent • Deposits • Utilities - Case Management
• FANN (Feed A Needy Neighbor)
• Indigent Burial Service
Adoption
Career Directions
Older Adult Services
• Geriatric Care Management
• Support Groups, Counseling
and Educational programs
• Community Kosher Nutrition Program
• Kosher Kart
• Transportation (CALL2GO)
Jewish Healing Network
Healing Gatherings
Hospice
• Jewish Hospice Connection
• Haven Hospice Program
College Loans
Camp Scholarships
For additional information visit our web-site at www.jfcsjax.org or call 448-1933.
176
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904) 733-6696
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide
comfortable and pleasant
surroundings. From the initial
concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens has
strived to create respectable living,
providing more than housing. Mt.
Carmel Gardens offers a 17-story
building on a beautifully landscaped
site, 24-hour staffing, community
facilities, and planned programs, all
of which were developed as part of
an overall concept ,..a concept of
responding to the desires of retirees
for security, comfort, safety,
independence and the enrichment of
stimulating social-recreational
activities shared with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is
conveniently located, with
transportation, shopping, hospital and
doctor’s offices nearby.
— Mt. Carmel Officers —
and Board of Directors:
Jack Coleman, President
Ben Lewis, DDS, Vice President
Ann Storch, Secretary/Treasurer
Board Members:
Louise Axelberg, LCSW
Helene S. Coleman
Dolores Dworetsky
Jack Gillrup
Ardene Halpern
Terri Poater-Taylor
Galina Volkovinskaya-Shteyn
Solomon Safer
Shelby Simmons
Ruth Slutzah
George Thornton
Helen Werking
===== PAGE 179 =====
Community Organizations
American Friends of Magen David Adorn
It’s official. We have a new name - American Friends
of Magen David Adorn - ARMDI. Our mission, however,
remains the same - bringing the latest & best emergency care
to everyone in Israel.
During the 34 day conflict in Lebanon, nearly 4000
Hezbollah rockets fell over Northern Israel, straining MDA
resources. Staff and volunteers worked overtime to treat and
evacuate Israelis and satisfy the blood needs of every medical
facility in Israel. Miraculously, MDA was able to meet every
need during this Code Red Emergency. In a survey taken by
the IDF Home Front Command to assess the performance of
Israel’s human service providers during the war, MDA
outperformed every other organization including the police,
army and fire brigades.
Sderot is the latest community being bombarded by
rockets. Responding to the heightened needs of this small
city is just another part of what MDA does on a daily basis.
MDA has 100 Emergency Medical Stations in
communities throughout Israel, from large cities to small towns
and kibbutzim and 11 dispatch centers. These stations provide
emergency care and ambulance services 24/7.
Sending or purchasing Cards, Certificates or Shalach
Manot donations is an easy way help fund these Emergency
Stations. Vera & Mort Benjamin can offer assistance and
suggestions. Don’t hesitate to call them @ 387-9372.
Membership is easy and encouraged. For only $25, or
$200 Chapter Live, you can perform the mitzvah of pikkuach
nefesh. Mail you checks to: Mitzvah AFMDI-ARMDI, 10323
Docksider Dr E, Jacksonville FL 32257.
For us it’s only a check, for them it could mean life
itself.
2007 - 2008 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of ARMDI
Co-Presidents: Wendy Honigman & Joan Waitz
Membership Coordinator: Hana Schindler
Fund Raising Coordinators:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Past President:
Bulletin:
Cards/Donations:
Cirulation:
Concert:
Membership:
Outreach:
Publicity:
Raffle:
Retention:
At-Large Board:
Fee & Nathan Weiss
Leon Robins
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Chiel Wind, MD
Aviva Kraus
Naomie Bossen
Becky Bromberg
Penny Powell
Elisheva Shields & Bonnie Hardy
Ray Hardy
Elaine Furman
Bonnie Hardy
Gert Bernhardt
Hana Bendit, Fern Estner,
Joseph Honigman MD, Madelyn Glossman,
Jo Marks, Hannah Rosenberg, Rosea Wind
Emeritus Board: Ilse Gottlieb
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University National Women’s Committee
- known as B.U.N.W.C - is a national organization
dedicated to providing financial support for Brandéis
University and its Libraries.
Open to both men and women, there is no
requirement to be a graduate of Brandéis or of any
other university.
B.U.N.W.C.’s members enjoy a variety of Study
Groups that cover a range of topics. This year offers
such titles as Forbidden Tales of the Bible, Jews in the
Professions, Women s Lives, Traveling Gourmet, Reel
Special and Happy Happenings in the World.
We afford members an opportunity to continue
learning by participating or by leading - or both! Our
membership includes couples and singles, and our goal
is to stay informed while at the same time helping this
wonderful non-sectarian university founded by the
American Jewish community.
For more information, please feel free to call Hilda
Gelfman, our VP Membership, at 292-9890, or Pat
Evert, this year’s President, at 616-4825.
2007 - 2008 Officers
of Brandéis University Women’s Committee -
President:
Vice President/ Study Group VP:
Membership VP:
Program VPs:
Fundraising VP:
Pat Evert
Joanne Hull
Hilda Gelfman
Rae Halpern
Doris Singer
Gaye Feuer
177
===== PAGE 180 =====
Community Organizations
Hadassah
We are the largest Jewish, the largest volunteer,
and the largest women’s membership organization in the
United States with 300,000 members and associates in
every state, each Congressional District, and in more
than 30 countries around the world. Hadassah is
dedicated to educating and empowering women about
their health, their rights, their religion, and Israel by
providing leadership and training in every community
though our extensive network of 1600 chapters and
groups.
Our educational activities include Jewish and
women’s issue-oriented programs, study groups, and
educational and leadership training institutes and
academies such as Youth Programs—Al Galgalim and
Wheeling On which offer holiday based programming
for children and their families teaching them how to
celebrate Shabbat and the Jewish holidays together.
Other activities are Check It Out© which are breast
and testicular health awareness programs for teens and
adults, the Education and Action for a Healthy
Tomorrow program for the prevention of osteoporosis,
heart disease, breast/colon cancer, and HPV (human
papilloma virus), and the Read*Write*Now volunteer
tutoring programs to improve reading and writing skills
in grades 1-6.
Hadassah’s projects are the Hadassah Medical
Organization (HMO), which provides state-of-the-art
health care to nearly a million patients a year regardless
of race, religion, or nationality, Hadassah College
Jerusalem, Young Judaea, Youth Aliyah/Children at
Risk and the Jewish National Fund. Please visit our
website www.hadassah.org for more information on
these incredible projects.
The Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah consists of
four groups throughout the city and the beaches. It would
be my pleasure to discuss which group would best suit
your interests. Feel free to contact me, Lin Pomerantz,
at 904.923.8030 or linpomer@comcast.net.
National Council of Jewish Women
National Council of Jewish Women has dedicated
the past year to supporting Jewish Family and Children’s
Services’ Aging Out program called “Fresh Start”, by
providing those young adults who are aging out of foster
care with all of the items that they will need to move
into independent living.
Our 29th annual Women in Power Luncheon,
chaired by Dina Fetner and Risa Herman, that was
held in February at Deerwood Country Club, honored 3
outstanding women in our community. Debbie Gottlieb
was honored for her many contributions to the
Jacksonville community. She was president of JFCS,
has endowed the Debbie Gottlieb Center for Nursing
Excellence at St. Vincent’s Medical Center, the
foundation “Memories of Love” that provides families
of terminally ill adults with a week’s vacation, and
sponsors 14 scholarships every year to UNF. This is in
addition to the many boards that Debbie sits on and the
many causes with which she is involved. Jeannie
Blaylock was honored for her creation with Baptist
Health of “Buddy Check 12”, designed to promote
monthly breast examinations. Buddy Check 12 has been
credited with saving more that 145 First Coast women’s
lives, and is now a worldwide program. Jeannie was
the first person in Jacksonville to win a Peabody, and
has won 12 Emmys. Nancy Hogshead-Makar, an 8
year world class swimmer and winner of more medals
than any other swimmer, has won 3 Gold Medals and 1
Silver Medal in the Olympics. She has been awarded
the Nathan Mallison award, given to Florida’s
outstanding athlete and the Kiphuth Award, given to
the best all-around swimmer nationally. Nancy has been
inducted into 7 halls of fame, including the International
Swimming Hall of Fame and the International Women’s
Sports Hall of Fame. In 2000, Sports Illustrated ranked
her as Florida’s 13 th greatest athlete of the 20th Century.
Professor Nancy Hogshead-Makar currently teaches
torts and sports law at Florida Coastal School of Law.
She had been a high profile advocate of sports
participation for more than 20 years and is a former
president of the Women’s Sports Foundation and serves
as it’s legal advisor. Nancy has lectured around the
world and written about asthma and sports, and was the
National Spokesperson for the American Lung
Association. She is currently an evaluator with the
United States Anti-Doping Agency for missed drug tests.
NCJW is the oldest Jewish women’s organization
in America and has been at the forefront of social issues,
women’s issues, and issues of children and families.
For information about being a part of this
organization, call Rhoda Goldstein at 268-8124.
2007-08 Presidents:
Chapter Lin Pomerantz
Aronson Health Care Professionals Group:
Sondra Resnikoff
Shir Li
Lisa Bergman
Tammy Shuman
Tikva
Joanne Rosenberg
Yamit
Judi Robert
Susan Sidle
178
===== PAGE 181 =====
Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
Many thanks are owed to the many volunteers
who continue to give freely of themselves to make this
program so successful.
The group is always looking for new trainees
and hopes to sponsor additional training sessions for
both adults and teens in the sixth grade or older during
the coming year. If you are interested, please contact
Vivo at lenjorge@comcast.net or Gigibell at gigi-
18@comcast.net
The goal of the
Jacksonville Mitzvah
Clowns is to create a
self perpetuating corps
of local Mitzvah
Clowns available for
periodic visits and
special programs at
local facilities, as well
as participation in local
programs which serve
the Jewish community and the general community. The
Mitzvah Clown program seeks to bring smiles,
companionship and cheer to sick and aged people while
at the same time enhancing self-confidence and creating
a joy of doing mitzvot among the Mitzvah Clown
participants. The program also seeks to instill in the
participants a level of comfort when performing the
mitzvah of bikkur holim.
The Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns have
participated in various community events during the past
year including bringing laughter with their crazy antics
to Center Preschoolers, River Garden and Mount Carmel
residents, recipients of shelach manot delivered by the
Martin J. Gottlieb Middle School Mitzvah Program for
Purim 2007, Community Yom HaAtzmaut celebration
and Family University, as well as other community
events.
179
===== PAGE 182 =====
Jacksonville s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
Incandescent
Flourescent
Quartz Halogen
Metal Halide
High Pressure Sodium
Mercury Vapor
Low Pressure Sodium
Miniature
Sealed Beam
Photo
Stage/Studio
Projection
Fiber Optic
Medical
Scientific
Micrographic
Sockets
Photo Controls
Fluorescent Ballasts
Electronic Ballasts
HID Ballasts
Tube Guards
Best Wishes!
All Locations
[HULLS
MANDARIN
• 11524 San Jose Blvd.
Mon-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
262-1965
Carl Cushnir
Lighting Lenses
Batteries
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc.
Hardwares
& Nurseries
144 Stockton Street • Jacksonville, FL 32204
Local 904-260-2444 • Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
" N.E. Florida’s
Largest Garden
Centers”
JACKSONVILLE
• 5645 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
771-6330
AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
Combing Voice, Data & Video
• VOICE OVER IP APPLICATIONS
• VOICE MAIL SYSTEMS
• VOICE & DATA CABLING
• PBX / KEY SYSTEMS
• CTI SOLUTIONS
• SECURITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT
NEC TOSHIBA
Authorized Sales & Service
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Communications Engineer
Over 36 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
904-363-0033
8917 Western Way • Suite 20 • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
180
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 183 =====
Water Problems?
Call today for straight answers, no high pressure
We carry a complete line of Water Treatment
Systems to meet your needs and your budget.
RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL & INDUSTRIAL
Remove:
✓ Iron
✓ Hardness
✓ Lead
✓ Salt
✓ Sulphur
✓ Bacteria
✓ Odor
✓ Color
We Also Offer:
• 24 Hour Service
• Sodium Free Soft Water (K-LIFE)'
c 1 o • Mark ac lerri Kinder
• Salt Helvery Service Over 23 Yrs. Experience
• Rent With Option to Own
We service all makes and models of water treatment equipment
Affordable wateR
CONDITIONING • SOFTENING • PURIFICATION
262-0197
Sound Installation & Design, Inc.
5151 Sunbeam Rd., Suite 5
Jacksonville, FL 32257 USA
Office: (904) 732-7486
Fax: [904] 732-7487
Home Theater Specialist
Plasma TV • Lighting Control • Audio/Video
FLORIDA
WILBERT, INC.
Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
and Other Fine Burial Products
5050 New Kings Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
VISIT OUR SHOWROOM AT
3760 KORI ROAD • JACKSONVILLE
765-2641
License # w-32 Free Water Analysis
Philip H. Bloom
President
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904)880-3667 • FAX (904) 880-4667
Waitz & Moye, Inc.
Professional Engineering Services
Civil • Environmental •
Transportation Traffic • Planning
6900 Southpoint Drive, North
Suite 430
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Telephone (904)332-9911
Fax (904) 332-9955
ST. JOHNS SEAFOOD & STEAKS
SERVING JACKSONVILLE SINCE 1983
7546 Beach Boulevard 721-4888
7001-42 Merrill Road 745-0304
1403-21 Dunn Avenue 696-1023
1161 S. Lane Avenue 378-5050
9825-1 San Jose Boulevard 338-9349
14444-2 Beach Boulevard 992-4543
551856 US Highway 1 845-2288
Hillard, FL
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
181
===== PAGE 184 =====
Al Freidlin
REALTOR®
4685 Sunbeam Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office: 904-737-2290
Cell: 904-635-6005
Fax: 904-731-4517
Home: 904-731-5315
E-mail:alfreidlin@WatsonRealtyCorp.com
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
“ Thanks for your Patronage ”
9760 San Jose Blvd.
(formerly Antares Jewelry)
268-5949
Roosevelt • Mandarin • University • Queen’s Harbour
Beaches • Fleming Island • Baymeadows
1-888-Stein Mart • www.steinmart.com
We make it
affordable
to look your best.
Stoufibi
once you go, you get it.
FREE ESTIMATES WE BUY AND SELL BUILDINGS
“54 YEARS OF SKILL AND EXPERIENCE”
HYGEMA HOUSE MOVERS, INC.
Bonded House Movers
Richard M. Boyles
President
764-9509
RO. Box 2655
Jacksonville, FL 32203
282-4212
Watson Realty Corp. REALTORS®
182
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 185 =====
THE MORTGAGE YOU ALWAYS WANTED
FOR THE HOME YOU ALWAYS WANTED
NEW No Fee Mortgage PLUS
$0 APPLICATION FEE
so CLOSING FEES
+ NO PRIVATE MORTGAGE INSURANCE
+ CLOSE-ON-TIME SERVICE GUARANTEE
+ BEST VALUE GUARANTEE
Alt the features your clients should expect in a mortgage
are now available at Bank of America.
Those features include our Close-On-Time Service
Guarantee. If you don't close on time, we’ll pay your first
month’s mortgage payment.
Plus, our Best Value Guarantee means that we’ll give
you the best deal or we’ll give you $250.
Introducing No Fee Mortgage PLUS. There’s never been
a better opportunity to get the best deal on a mortgage
without getting stressed.
To apply, or to learn more, contact a Bank of America mortgage specialist:
Joelle Balotin
Office: 904.260.0038
Fax: 904.260.0039
9000 Southside Blvd., Bldg. 700
Jacksonville, FL 32256
joelle.balotin@bankofamerica.com
Bankof America
Mortgage
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Only for Bank of America customers. Program, rate, terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.
Bank of America, N.A. Equal Housing Lender t=í ©2007 Bank of America Corporation.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
183
===== PAGE 186 =====
We Want Your Business!
PüsmflJMEt
Your Home Office»
ANTHONY & HEATHER FAZIO
1526 University Blvd. West
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Tel (904) 732-4900
FAX (904) 732-4991
M-F 9:00-6:30 Sat. 10:00-4:00
+ UPS/FEDEX/USPS
+ Copy Center
+ Color Copies
+ Expert Packing
+ Mailbox Rentals
+ Notary
+ Estate Shipping
+ Fax Service
+ Resumé Service
+ Great Service!
Harry’s Home Repair
Sewíncy aXL youv needy
Kitchens & Bathrooms • Painting
Tile work • Carpentry • Drywall
General Repairs & Maintenance
Night hours & Emergency repairs
at no extra charge
Harry Shapiro hashap@gmail.com (904) 386-5610
Florida Sound Engineering Co., Inc.
2061 Emerson Street, B
Jacksonville, FL 32207
www.floridasound.com
(904) 396-0444
Specializing in Audio-Visual systems for:
► Conference Rooms ► Houses of Worship
► Auditoriums ► Convention Centers
► Training Rooms ► Stadiums & Arenas
No Job too big or small
Professional Sound & Video System Installation and Service
Compliments of
miii
GATE
PETROLEUM COMPANY
9540 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 737-7220
Jacksonville
LA Bank
The Way Banking Should Be.
SECURITY
■westec
SECURITY
SECURITY A COMMUNICATIONS A AUDIO/VIDEO
LIGHTING CONTROL A STRUCTURED WIRING ACCTV
ACCESS CONTROL A CENTRAL VAC A CONNECTED HOME
since 1968
one mission “Quality ”
sales • service • install
1714 Cesery Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
FL: (904) 743-8444 GA: (912) 264-8679
Fax:(904)743-8466
Three Locations
to Serve You:
10325 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 288-8933
100 N. Laura St.
Jacksonville, FL 32202
(904) 421-3040
12740 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32225
(904) 220-3001
www.jaxbank.com
LIC. EF0001226
LIC. LU405163
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
184
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 187 =====
Directory of Advertisers
a
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 150
Abramson, Mark L. M.D., PA 98
Acura Of Orange Park
Inside Front Cover
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery .. 102
A Fantasy in Flowers 54
Afforable Water 181
Agility Press 30
AgriProcessors South 144
AIC American International
Communication, Inc 180
Amira’s Kosher Market 100
Arby’s Restaurant 180
Ashford Services 140
Assessment Technologies Group. 128
Athens Café 52
Atlantic Security 184
Audi Jacksonville ...Inside Front Cover
B
BSD Electric, Inc 150
Balloon Decorating Specialists 37
Balotin, Joelle - Bank Of America 183
Balotin, Scott M. - Digger Capital
Management, Inc 172
Bank Of America 183
Barzak, Rabbi Israel J. - Mohel 37
BDT Concepts, Inc 94
Benwick, Brian S. - Demetree
Insurance Services, Inc 98
Berman Bros., Inc 108
Bessie Hoilman Drywall Inc 114
Bistro Aix 14
Blosam Constructors, Inc 181
Borland-Groover Clinic, PA 24
Brandon Pest Control 144
Bubis, Jeffrey A., DO - FOA
Florida Oncology Associates 10
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 94
C
Capital Mortgage -
Charles Z. Mibab 22
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 106
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 54
Cathy’s Creations 41
Citi Smith Barney-
Jerald I. Seebol 100
Claude Nolan Cadillac 118
Cohen, Raymond 108
Coldwell Bankers - Walter Williams
Reality, Inc. - Dottie S. Wilson.. 146
Comfort Inn Oceanfront 53
CPT-
Center for Physical Therapy .... 104
Custom Printing Company 30
D
Dave & Buster’s 42
DeLand Entertainment 52
Demetree Insurance Services, Inc.
Brian S. Benwick 98
Digger Capital Management, Inc.
Scott M. Balotin 172
Dippin’ Dots Ice Cream 148
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center
N. Fred Eaglsteln D.O., PA 144
Doing Dishes 41
E
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc 4
Edible Arrangements 146
Embassy Suites Hotel 112
Epping Forest Yacht Club 34
EverBank 144
Evergreen Cemetry 78
Evolution - The Salon Source 94
F
Far East Brokers
& Consultants Inc 96
Farmers Market 2
Favorite Studios Photography 44
Fickling Brothers 148
First Coast Supply 20
Flxel, Michael -
Builder & Designer 146
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc 98
Florida Capital Bank N. A 134
Florida Sound
Engineering Co., Inc 184
Florida Wilbert, Inc 181
Flowers of Mandarin 52
FOA Florida Oncology Associate -
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO 10
Football Fanatics 136
Ford,Bowlus,Duss,Morgan,Kenney,
Safer & Hampton, P.A.-
Eliot J. Safer 138
Freidlin, Al -
Watson Reality 182
G
Gate Petroleum Company 184
Gay, W.W. -
Mechanical Contractor, Inc 126
GiGi's Restaurant 142
Goldfield & Associates -
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU,ChFC 60
Goldlite Hypmosis Institute -
Renee Sakr 102
Goldstein
Commercial Properties, Inc 102
Greene - Hazel & Associates, Inc. -
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
Grenamyer, Liz Catering by 54
H
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 140
Hall’s-Ace
Hardwares & Nurseries 180
Ham, Bob Eyewear 182
Hamm, Jerry Chevrolet 142
Hanania Automotive Group
Inside Front Cover
Hardage-GIddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 58
Harry’s Home Repair -
Harry Shapiro 184
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA... 184
Hazel, Curtis -
Greene - Hazel & Associates
Inside Back Cover
Heirlooms - a culinary
café & market 146
Hewell, George H. and Son
Funeral Homes 59
Homewood Suites Hilton -
Baymeadows 116
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 122
Hygema House Movers, Inc 182
Hyundai Of Orange Park
.Inside Front Cover
I
Impressions 54
It’s Your Wedding 52
J
Jacksonville Light Bulb
Delivery, Inc 180
J P Perry Insurance -
Linda Weinstein 12
J&R Productions 44
Jacksonville Marriott 48
Jaffe Oriental Rug Gallery, Inc 150
185
===== PAGE 188 =====
Directory of Advertisers
j
Jaffe, Barbara G. -
Wachovia Securities, LLC
Back Cover
Jewish National Fund 22
Just Print It! 94
K
Kan-Ki Japanese Steakhouse
& Sushi Bar 132
Kaplan, Sheldon J., Ph.D
& Associates 98
Kelly, Brian T. - Shorstein & Kelly
Attorney’s At Law, P.A 172
Ken Godwin Studio
Photographic Art 47
Kirby Rental Service & Sales, Inc. 50
Kuhn Flowers 38
L
Larry’s Giant Subs 191
La Tienda Jewelry 38
Lakewood Animal Clinic 102
L & L Limousine 54
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 150
Liberty Furniture 120
M
Madame T Productions 124
Margo’s Catering 36
Masterpiece Entertainment 51
Mattox, Tommy -
Private Investor 102
Mediterrania Restaurant 50
Meisel, Janice - Williamsburg
Travel Management 45
Mibab, Charles Z. -
Capital Mortgage 22
Morris & Morris P A., CPA 108
Mount Carmel Gardens 78
N
North Florida Plumbing 8
O
Ocean Grande 130
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 49
P
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store 50
Partyland - Your Supermarket
of Party Supplies 43
Patten Bus Services, Inc 148
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa .... 142
Piner’s Lock & Safe 98
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
Postal Annex+ -
Your Home Office 184
PRI Productions 46
Process Master, Inc 94
Promo Depot 148
Publix Supermarkets 108
R
Ramada Inn Mandarin 142
Ramfis Photographic 40
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D 94
Rogozinski
Orthopedic Clinic, PA 104
S
Safer, Eliot J. -
Ford, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney, Safer & Hampton P.A. 138
Sakr, Renee -
Goldlite Hypmosis Institute 102
Sandler, Graig W. D.V.M. -
Lakewood Animal Clinic 102
Seebol, Jerald L. CFP -
Citi Smith Barney 100
Shorstein, Michael A. - Shorstein
& Kelly Attorneys At Law, P. A. ..172
Sound Installation & Design, Inc. ...181
Southern Monument Company, Inc. 56
Spivak’s Mark Institute of Fine Arts
Dance Extention 96
St. Johns Seafood & Steaks 181
Stein Mart 182
Sunshine Shop -
The Swimwear Specialist 108
T
3 Sisters Chocolate 150
TCS - Total Comfort
Solutions, Inc 136
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A.
Evan J. Yegelwel 102
The Comedy Zone 142
The Corner Brasserie 45
The Cove At St. Johns 130
The Fresh Market 150
The Grove 130
The Ice Man 100
The Jacksonville Bank 184
The Lodge & Club 34
The Loop Pizza Grill 14
The River Club 34
Thompson, E.H. Company 140
Travel Connections Unlimited 54
Tile Market of San Marco 146
Tumbling Kids 98
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency 6
Vining, Elissa - Watson Realty 150
Vito's Italian Restaurant 148
Volkwagen Of Orange Park
Inside Front Cover
W
Wachovia Bank, NA 192
Wachovia Securities LLC
Back Cover
Barbara G. Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Waitz & Moye, Inc 181
Wasserman, Marcia - Invitations.... 43
Watson Plumbing 191
Watson Realty -
Al Freidlin 182
Elissa Vining 150
Weinstein, Linda -
J P Perry Insurance 12
Wilson, Dottie Shlafer -
Coldwell Bankers -
Walter Williams Realty, Inc 146
Willamsburg Travel Management -
Janice Meisel 45
Winn Dixie 106
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D., P.A. - Pediatric
& Adolescent Otolaryngology
138
Y
Yegelwel,Evan J. - Terrell Hogan Ellis
Yegelwel, P.A 102
Z
Zimmerman, Brad -
Wachovia Securities LLC
Back Cover
Zimmerman, Sandy -
Wachovia Securities LLC
Back Cover
186
===== PAGE 189 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Accounting Services
Hartman, Blitch
&GartsideCPA 184
Morris & Morris PA, CPA 108
Acoustical Contractor
Fickling Brothers 148
Adoption
Shorstein & Kelly -
Attorney’s At Law PA 172
Air Conditioning - Heating
Commercial
TCS Total Comfort Solutions, Inc. 136
Apparel Children
Stein Mart 182
Sunshine Shop -
The Swimwear Specialist 108
Apparel Men
Stein Mart 182
Sunshine Shop - The Swimwear
Specialist 108
Apparel Women
Stein Mart 182
Sunshine Shop - The Swimwear
Specialist 108
Appliance - Sales - Service
First Coast Supply 20
Architects ■ Planners
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc 98
Robert S. Fleet, AIA
Janis K. Fleet, AICP
Attorneys
Ford,Bowlus,Duss,Morgan,Kenney
Safer & Hampton PA.
Robert M. Morgan
Eliot J. Safer 138
Shorstein & Kelly
Attorneys At Law PA 172
Brian T. Kelly
Michael A. Shorstein
Terrall Hogan Ellis Yegelwel PA. 102
Evan J. Yegelwel
Audio - Visual
Consultants & Designer
Sound Installation & Design, Inc. ...181
Audio - Visual Equipment
Renting & Leasing
PRI Productions ...46
Automobile Dealers
Claude Nolan Cadillac 118
Jerry Hamm Chevrolet 142
Hanania Automotive Group
Inside Front Cover
Acura Of Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Hyundai Of Orange Park
Volkswagen Of Orange Park
Balloons - Novelty & Decorative
Balloon Decorating Specialists 37
Cathy’s Creations 41
Party City The Discount
Party Super Store 50
Partyland Your Supermarket of
Party Supplies 43
Banks
Bank of America 183
EverBank 144
Florida Capital Bank N.A 134
The Jacksonville Bank 184
Wachovia Bank, NA 192
Bathroom Restoration
Ashford Services 140
Beauty Salons
Services & Supplies
Evolution The Salon Source 94
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 140
Beverage Catering
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 49
Builders ■ Construction
Contractors
Blosam Constructors Inc 181
Michael Flxel - Builder & Designer 146
W.W. Gay Mechanical
Contractor, Inc 126
Burial Vaults
Florida Wilbert, Inc 181
Business Consultants
Assessment Technologies Group 128
Business Gifts & Awards
Promo Depot 148
Calligraphers
Impressions 54
Candy - Confectionery
3 Sisters Chocolate 150
Carpet ■ Rugs & Service
Jaffe Oriental Rug Gallery, Inc 150
Process Master Inc 94
Catering
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 54
Heirlooms -
a culinary café & market 146
Margo’s Catering 36
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery 78
Ceramic Products - Decorative
Doing Dishes 41
Communications
AIC American International
Communications, Inc 180
Computer ■ Parts - Service
Software & Service
BDT Concepts, Inc 94
Condominiums
Ocean Grande 130
The Cove At St. Johns 130
The Grove 130
Counseling
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D.
& Associates 98
Dancing Instruction
Mark Spivak’s Institute of Fine Arts
Dance Extension 96
187
===== PAGE 190 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Decorator Lines
Kirby Rental 50
Masterpiece Entertainment 51
Dentist
Harris L. Rittenberg D.M.D 94
Drywall
Bessie Hoilman Drywall, Inc 114
Fickling Brothers 148
Harry’s Home Repair 184
Electric Contractors
BSD Electris Inc .....150
Engineering - Planning &
Surveyors
Waitz & Moye, Inc 181
Entertainment
Dave & Busters 42
DeLand Entertainment 52
J&R Productions 44
Masterpiece Entertainment 51
The Comedy Zone 142
Event Planning
Balloon Decorating Specialists 37
Cathy’s Creations 41
Dave & Busters 42
J&R Productions 44
It’s Your Wedding 52
Masterpiece Entertainment 51
Partyland - Your Supermarket of
Party Supplies 43
PRI Productions 46
European Gourmet Market
The Fresh Market 150
Financial Planning Consultants
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 94
Jan D. Butensky
Allen A. Cohen
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU ChFC 60
Wachovia Securities LLC
Back Cover
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Financial Services Provider
Wachovia Bank, NA 192
Fine Jewelry
La Tienda Jewelry 38
Florists
A Fantasy in Flowers 54
Flowers of Mandarin 52
It’s Your Wedding 52
Kuhn Flowers 38
Masterpiece Entertainment 51
Floor Maintenance
Ashford Services 140
Food Service & Equipment
AgriProcessors South 144
E. H. Thompson Company 140
Fruit Baskets ■ Gifts
Edible Arrangements 146
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell & Son
Funeral Homes 59
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
& Cemeteries 58
Furniture
Liberty Furniture 120
Gifts - Antiques - Specialty
3 Sisters Chocolate 150
Edible Arrangements 146
Football Fanatic 136
Glass - Automobile - Plate - Window
Residential & Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 150
Golf Courses
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
Graphic Design
Raymond W. Cohen 108
Groceries
Publix Supermarkets 108
The Fresh Market 150
Winn Dixie 106
Gymnastics & Fitness
Tumbling Kids 98
Hardware
Hall’s - Ace Hardwares
& Nurseries 180
Home Repair - Remodeling
Bessie Hoilman Drywall, Inc 114
Harry’s Home Repair 184
Home Theater Specialist
Sound Installation & Design, Inc 181
House & Building Movers
Leveling & Raising
Hygema House Movers, Inc 182
Hotels
Comfort Inn OceanFront 53
Embassy Suites Hotel 112
Homewood Suites Hilton -
Baymeadows 116
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 122
Jacksonville Marriott 48
Ramada Inn Mandarin 142
Human Resources
Assessment Technologies Group. 128
Hypnotherapist
Goldlite Hypnosis Institute
Renee Sakr 102
Ice Cream
Dippin Dots 148
Ice & Ice Machines
The Ice Man 100
Importing - General
Far East Brokers & Consultants Inc. 96
Insurance
Demetree Insurance Services, Inc. 98
Brian S. Benwick
Greene - Hazel & Associates, Inc. -
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
Ira E.Goldfield CLU,ChFC 60
J P Perry Insurance 12
Linda Weinstein
Vandroff Insurance Agency 6
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
188
===== PAGE 191 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Investments
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 94
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen
Digger Capital Management, Inc....172
Scott M. Balotin
Citi Smith Barney 100
Jerald I. Seebol
Wachovica Securities LLC Back Cover
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Invitations & Announcements
Impressions 54
Madame T Productions 124
Marcia Wasserman 43
Party City The Discount
Party Super Store 50
Partyland Your Supermarket of
Party Supplies 43
Kosher Products
AgriProcessors South 144
Amira’s Kosher Market 100
Publix Suoermarkets 108
Winn Dixie 106
Light Bulbs & Tubes
Jacksonville Light Bulb
Delivery, Inc 180
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 15
It’s Your Wedding 52
L & L Limousine 54
Locks - Locksmith
Piner’s Lock & Safe 98
Mailbox Rental
Postal Annex+ 184
Medical Centers
Borland - Groover Clinic, P. A 24
CPT - Center For
Physical Therapy 104
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., P. A 138
DLC Dermatology
& Laser Center 144
FOA Florida Oncology Associates
10
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic P. A.
104
Mirrors ■ Framed ■ Beveling
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 148
Mohel - Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 37
Monuments & Markers
Southern Monument
Company Inc 56
Mortgage Broker
Capital Mortgage 22
Charles Z. Mibab
National Organizations
Jewish National Fund 22
Notary
Postal Annex+ 184
Nurseries - Plants
Hall’s - Ace
Hardwares & Nurseries 180
Opticians
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery .. 102
Bob Ham Eyewear 182
Party Supplies
Madame T Productions 124
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store 50
Partyland - Your Supermarket of
Party Supplies 43
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 144
Petroleum - Retail & Wholesale
Gate Petroleum Company 184
Photography
Favorite Studios Photography 44
J&R Productions 44
Ken Godwin Studio 47
It’s Your Wedding 52
Ramfis Photographic 40
Physicians - Psychologist -
Counselors
Mark L. Abramson M.D.
Urology & Infertility 98
Borland - Groover Clinic, P. A 24
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffrey S. Hoffman, M.D., PhD
Dlnesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Mark R. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M/D
Hong T. Tek, M.D.
.Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
Debbie M. Ernest, PA-C
John Charles, PA-C
Melissa L. Emmerllng, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Cathy A. Schan, PA-C
Center for Physical Therapy 104
Sam Rogozinski
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D 138
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center 144
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O., PA
Mark A. Cohen, M.D., MOHS
Bruce Paley, D.O
William Garvin, M.D. (ret)
Angela Y. Armstrong, ARNP
189
===== PAGE 192 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Physicians - Psychologist ■
Counselors
FOA Florida Oncology Associates .... 10
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO
Jeffrey DiMascoi,DO
Jaswant S. Jadeja, MD
Thomas A. Marsland, MD
Unni C. Thomas, MD
Kelly A. Trent, MD
Sheldon L. Kaplan,Ph.D.
& Associates 98
Rogozinskl Orthopedic Clinic, P. A. 104
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 108
Plumbing - Contractors
North Florida Plumbing 8
Watson Plumbing 191
Pottery
Doing Dishes 41
Printers
Agility Press Inc 30
Custom Printing Company 30
Just Print It 94
Postal Annex+ Your Home Office 184
Private Clubs
Epping Forest Yacht Club 34
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
The Lodge & Inn 34
The River Club 34
Private Investor
Tommy Mattox 102
Produce
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc 4
Farmers Market 2
The Fresh Market 150
Promotional Products
Promo Depot 148
Real Estate
Al Freidlin - Watson Realty 182
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc 102
Dottie Shlafer Wilson -Coldwell Bankers
- Walter Williams Realty, Inc 146
Elissa Vining - Watson Realty 150
Rental Services
Kirby Rental Service & Sales, Inc. ..50
Restaurants - Cafe’s
Arby's 180
Athens Cafe 52
Bistro AIX 14
Dave & Buster’s 42
GiGi’s Restaurant 142
Herilooms - a culinary café &
Market 146
Kan-Ki Japanese
Steakhouse & Sushi Bar 138
Larry’s Giant Subs 191
Mediterrania Restaurant 50
St. Johns Seafood & Steaks 181
The Corner Brasserie 45
The Loop Pizza Grill 14
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 148
Restaurant Equipment & Supplies
E.H. Thompson Co 140
Retirement Living
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 106
Mount Carmel Gardens 78
School Bus Rental
Patten Bus Services, Inc 148
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealer
Berman Bros. Inc 108
Screening & Embroidery
Promo Depot 148
Security - Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 184
Sewer & Drain Cleaning
North Florida Plumbing 8
Sound Systems
Consultants - Designers
Florida Sound
Engineering Co., Inc 184
Sound Installation & Design 181
Sports Apparel - Gifts
Football Fanatics 136
Swimwear
Sunshine Shop
The Swimwear Specialist 108
Swimming Pool
Equipment & Supplies
Pinch - A- Penny
Pool - Patio - Spa 142
Tile Ceramic
Contractors - Dealers
Tile Market of San Marco 146
Travel
Williamsburg
Travel Management 45
Janice Meisel
Travel Connections Unlimited 54
Bea Diamond
Betty Rohan
Tub & Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 148
Video Production Services
It's Your Wedding 52
J&R Productions 44
Masterpiece Entertainment 51
PRI Productions 46
Veterianarians
Lakewood Animal Clinic 102
Craig W. Sandler, D.V.M.
Water Filters & Puritiers
Afforable Water 181
Wedding Cakes
It’s Your wedding 52
Wedding Consultant - Planning
It’s Your Wedding 52
PRI Production 46
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
Watson Plumbing
(904) 737-6337
24 Hours a Day
7 days a Week
Residential • Commercial • Industrial
Repairs
Watson Plumbing
4456 Sunbeam Road
Suite 200
Jacksonville, FL 32257
CFC 057664
(904) 737-6337
fax (904) 899-6827
www.watson-plumbing.com
A Division of Watson Maintenance Services, Inc.
Thanks to all our customers for making us
Jacksonville’s “Sub King” since 1982!
Home of the BIG ON€
Catering ñvailable
IOO Locations and Growing like Mad!
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
191
===== PAGE 194 =====
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIPS
BEGIN AT WACHOVIA
happig^f events
WITH WACHOVIA
We have the resources, skills and experience to help you with
all kinds of important life moments. We can show you how
to afford the house of your dreams, plan and pay for your
children's tuition, talk with your parents about retirement plans,
get out of debt once and for all or even follow your heart and
start a business.
Absolutely obsessed with customer satisfaction, we listen
carefully to your needs and have a clear understanding of
your goals.
Are you with Wachovia? WMimawiA
£12007 VSKtovia Corporate; W&ciiwla Bank, NA Member FDC.071€^
192
===== PAGE 195 =====
Take the Guesswork
Out of Insurance!
Working Locally, Thinking Globally
GREEN EHAZEL
& Associates, Inc.
904.398.1234 • greenehazel.com
===== PAGE 196 =====
OUR FAMILY FOCUS IS OUR
GREATEST STRENGTH
The Jaffe Group (from left to right): Raquel Zisman, Sandy Zimmerman,
Barbara Jaffe, Brad Zimmerman, and Diane Pauly
For more than two decades, the Jaffe Group has helped some of Jacksonville’s
most successful individuals and families focus on what really matters in their lives.
Whether it’s your children’s or grandchildren’s education, hitting your target date
for retirement, or fulfilling a desire to pass on what you’ve built, the Jaffe Group
of Wachovia Securities offers personal service, perspective and insight — no
matter what the markets are doing.
The Jaffe Group
of Wachovia Securities
701 San Marco Boulevard, 19th Floor
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-393-4646 • 800-342-0689
WACHOVIA
Securities
Barbara Jaffe, Managing Director - Investment Officer, Sandy Zimmerman, Senior Vice President - Investments, Brad Zimmerman, Senior Vice President - Investments, Diane Pauly,
First Vice President - Investments, Raqual Zisman, PIM Portfolio Manager - Financial Consultant
Securities and Insurance Products: 1 NOT INSURED BY FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY • MAY LOSE VALUE • NOT A DEPOSIT OF OR GUARANTEED BY A BANK OR ANY BANK AFFILIATE [
Wachovia Securities, LLC, Member NYSE/SIPC, is a registered broker-dealer and a separate nonbank affiliate of Wachovia Corporation. ©2006 Wachovia Securities, LLC 1206-41682 78968 12/06
