Remembering 3rd and Silver
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center dates back to the founding
of the Congregation B’nai IsraeJ/fn 1901. By 1907, membership had increased to 75 families and
a building was constructed on the comer of Jefferson and Duval Streets to house its religious and
educational activities.
After twenty-five years as a congregation, it became apparent that a Jewish Center was necessary
to bring a focus to the educational needs of the youth of the community. The congregation’s
Rabbi, Samuel Benjamin, proposed the founding of the Jacksonville Jewish Center which would
serve not only one congregation, but the entire Jewish community in all its religious, social,
cultural and physical needs.
In 1927, Congregation B’nai Israel became the Jacksonville Jewish Center and relocated to a new
building at Third and Silver Streets in Springfield. The building contained three parts: a main
entrance that led into the auditorium, a vestibule in front of the auditorium stairs that lead to the
Center synagogue, a three story building containing class rooms, meeting rooms, a prayer room,
the Rabbi’s study and a library behind the main facility.
The original version of the main sanctuary had large windows of frosted panes. One pane on each
window was of stained glass and contained an inscription of the donor. The platform, pulpit and
ark were made of dark walnut with gold decorations. The room provided 500 individual cushion
seats made of light walnut and had a balcony that contained 154 comfortable seats. The floors
were covered with a heavy coat of Bakelite varnish and the aisles were carpeted.
The building went through a number of renovations and additions including: a redecoration in
1935; the opening of the activities building in 1951; a sanctuary renovation in 1958 and a new
school building addition in 1959. In 1962, a committee was formed to acquire land and to create
a plan to address the congregation’s growing needs. In 1976, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
moved from the beloved building at Third and Silver to Mandarin, the synagogue’s present
location on Crown Point Road.
For almost 50 years, Third and Silver was the home of Shabbat experiences, family celebrations,
learning, athletics, and countless social gatherings for all ages. On April 25, the building was
destroyed by fire and had to be tom down. It was a sad ending to a remarkable building, filled
with countless memories and history. We fondly remember our building at Third and Silver and
dedicate this yearbook in its honor.
