I
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
A PLACE CALLED HOPE
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age
of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season
of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of
despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us. . .
—Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities
This has been an exciting year for our congregation. We are enriched by scores
of new families from Beth Shalom whose willing hands and new perspectives have
already made a difference to the fabric of Center life. We are blessed with visionary
lay leaders devoted to the congregation’s well-being, and, with the addition of Head
of School, Jon Mitzmacher, Executive Director, Don Kriss, and Rabbi Jesse Olitzky,
are fortunate to have an outstanding professional leadership team in place. We have
undertaken a variety of meaningful initiatives that significantly improved the quality
of synagogue life in the past year.
This has been a challenging year for our congregation. We continue to wrestle with a significant budget deficit and
the daunting cost of a new roof. We are concerned about our success in reaching out to 20-somethings as well as empty
nesters, anxious that our efforts to engage younger families are not always as effective as we would like. It remains
difficult to expand our volunteer base. There are many elements of synagogue life that could be improved upon.
Looking at life as the art of the possible requires taking note of its challenges as well. It is the capacity for genuine
hope - the conviction that while circumstances matter, mindsets matter more - which distinguishes striving, nurturing
and growing communities from stagnant ones. My own experiences over the years have taught me what neurobiologists,
educators and psychologists increasingly confirm: in a society defined by TMI (Too-Much-Information), individuals
still pay attention to what they see in the attitudes and behaviors of others. To put it differently, people rarely change
because of other people. We can learn how to be more hopeful, and in the process, create a better and more worthwhile
community. At the end of the day, it is people, not programming, who inspire belief in a future of opportunity.
It is told that the 1st century sage, Rabban Yohanan ben Zakkai, once said to his five principle disciples, “Go
forth and discover what quality a person should cultivate as a way of life.” When they returned to their teacher, one
suggested, “A generous eye;” another declared, “Being a good friend;” a third maintained, “Being a good neighbor,”
while the fourth offered, “A capacity to consider the consequences of one’s actions.” Rabbi Eleazar ben Arakh was the
last to speak, and said, “A joyous heart.” Rabban Yohanan ben Zakkai responded, “I prefer what Eleazar ben Arakh has
said, for his definition includes all of yours” (Mishnah Avot 2:9).
The ongoing creation of a Kehillat Kesher, a Community-of-Connection, requires joyous hearts, ones suffused with
hopeful energy. To cultivate empathy for others, to build deeply transformative relationships within the synagogue, and
to increase our capacity to be a good neighbor within the larger community requires faith in our ability to touch and be
touched. It is hardly accidental that the Penitential Psalm, recited at this season of the year, concludes with the words,
“Hope in the Lord; be strong and of good courage! Hope in the Lord!” (Psalm 27:14). These words are not intended
as spiritual Valium, but constitute a challenge to all who would create
a life of purpose and meaning. More than anything else, it is genuine
hope (not the Pollyannaish sugar-coated variety) which separates the
best from the worst of times; the message of the High Holidays is that
we define our reality even more than it defines us.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing you a
Shana Tova u’Metukah, a year of goodness, sweetness, health
and hope.
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
7
