ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE
Donald A. Kriss
Executive Director
Shalom All,
It is now nine months since stepping into the Executive Director’s
position at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. This has been an exciting period
and I have certainly gained much knowledge from all of you about our shul.
' I I continuously need your assistance. I ask you to challenge us when you
think we can do better. Ask us for help when you think we can assist. Call on
us when your victories need to be sung beyond your own voices. There are
challenges ahead of us for sure, but as wise voices have claimed before, “Any
great accomplishment requires suffering, labor, and sacrifice. In things that
count - in matters of character, and growth, there are no short cuts, no magical
ways to achieve results.” I assure you that organizationally we will continually
work toward making our congregation stronger in the administration of our day to day operations. Our
growth, optimism, and drive to create meaningful member experiences and a high level of service, will
continue to be of utmost importance.
You should know that there are several administrative priorities that are focal points. We are seeking
ways to engage our membership in finding connection and commitment. We are identifying ways to
measure our accomplishments in member services. We are improving our technological competencies
in order to meet the demands of our membership. We are constantly working to assure cost efficiencies
in all departments and we are making sure that our staff resources are being used to maximize individual
performance.
As we enter into the New Year, I pray that we all should be blessed with peace, health and happiness.
I am thankful for the dedicated staff that surrounds me, the energy and wisdom of our officers, board and
committee members, as well as each and every one of you!
Janet and I look forward to meeting and greeting you at any one of our services, programs or events.
My phone number is 904-292-1000, ext. 112 and my
email is don.kriss@jaxjewishcenter.com.
Sincerely yours,
Don Kriss
