“HINENI - HERE I AM”
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
During the High Holidays, the Hazzan chants the words of the Hineni, and
each of us acknowledges that here we are, and here we stand, with deep humility
before God. As we celebrate the New Year, we accept that we are far from perfect,
but we are constantly striving to be better versions of ourselves. We search for
meaningful ways to learn and grow. We are each a part of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, each a part of this special community, because we have all found those
transformative experiences of growth here.
My family and I counted down the weeks, then the days, then the minutes,
before we moved out of our apartment in New York City to our new home in
Jacksonville and our new community at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. We
anxiously awaited for the moving trucks to arrive and then for the movers to
unload our boxes. I excitedly set up my office at the Center... and then we exhaled.
Finally, we were here. Finally, we were home.
Throughout our Torah, the word hineni is a transformative statement. Hineni is a response,
acknowledging that one is physically — and spiritually — present, ready to be challenged and ready to change.
Hineni. Here I am. When God called out to Abraham and commanded him to sacrifice his son Isaac, Abraham
responded: “hineni. ” Here I am. When Jacob sends Joseph to meet up with his brothers, ultimately leading
him on a journey of servitude, imprisonment, and eventual sovereignty, Joseph says affirmatively: “hineni. ”
Here I am. I am ready. When God appears to Moses in the form of a burning bush, Moses acknowledges God’s
presence with the statement: “hineni. ” Here I am, ready to lead. When I arrived in Jacksonville, and finally
settled in at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, I could finally say: “hineni. ”
The beauty of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is that there are many avenues towards entry into the
community. Some connect to our Shabbat services, others to our daily minyanim. Some come here to learn,
others come here to teach. Some show up to play softball on Sunday mornings, others to take a dip in the
Yegelwel family pool on Shabbat afternoon. We are involved in this Jewish community to learn, to grow, and
to socialize. Most importantly, we create community as a Kehillat Kesher to be transformed. With the new year
comes new opportunities. Throughout the year ahead, we will be offering exciting and innovative programs for
children, families, and adults. Try something new this year at the Center. Challenge yourself. Allow yourself the
opportunity to say: “hineni. ” Here I am.
What an honor it has been to join the community here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I look forward
to many transformative experiences together in the year ahead!
Andrea and Cayla join me in wishing the entire community a happy and healthy new year!
Shana Tova,
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
