'
A Message from the Hazzan
A PLACE IN THEIR HEART
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Prayer depends on the heart, a person should put all of his heart into it, so
that it shouldn’t be in the aspect of “With their lips they honor me but their hearts
are far from me.” (Isaiah 29)- Rabbi Nachman of Breslov
This past spring, I read a rather thought provoking article from the magazine
ZEEK, A Jewish Journal of Thought and Culture, presented by the Forward.
The article, entitled “How the Jewish Prayer Service Resembles Pentecostal
Worship,” discusses the need for what the columnist, Sharon Alexander, describes
as “ecstatic prayer experience.” Outside the circles of Hasidic, neo-Hasidic and
Jewish renewal, few congregations offer up that ecstatic experience- to know
God directly, to feel God within. Alexander claims that while there is singing and
community building going on, people are looking to be transformed with all their
heart, all their soul, and all their body.
Dancing with your Shul is not an annual event- it can take place at every
prayer service, at every moment we have as a community to offer up a blessing.
Beyond the shtender tapping or Koltrain playing, there are rhythms within us
begging to be let free. To lose our inhibitions, to let our guard down, we must feel comfortable not only within
our community but within the texts that drive it. Greeters to our Shabbat services are important, but if the
siddur that greets us is alien, everyone loses. A prime example is the text of Psalm 98:4 which states, “Should
to the Lord, all the earth, break into joyous songs of praise.” For anyone who has ever seen a Songs for
Worship CD commercial or maybe even an American Idol Gives Back episode, you may know that “Shout to
the Lord” is a popular Christian worship anthem. In the Songs for Worship commercials, stadiums filled with
thousands of active prayer participants sway from side to side, all chanting the lyrics. I bring up this psalm
in particular because we chant these exact words, in Hebrew “Hari-u Ladonai Kol Ha’aretz, Pitzchu V’ran’nu
V’zameiru” each Friday night during our Kabbalat Shabbat Service. Our Friday night service is not lacking in
singing or community building, but to reach that ecstatic experience, we need to better equip our participants
to do just that, participate. So... how do we do this? Learners minyanim teach the structure and themes of our
prayer services. Office hours of the Hazzan (located on my door) offer a chance to not only review parts of
the services, but a place to talk about the meaning and background of each tefillah. Our transliterated siddur
offers meditations and new translations as well as the melodies that drive our service to help one navigate
our worship services. This year I will be creating a “song/psalm
of the week” where I’ll focus on a melody or text that run the
gamut from our siddur to the music of modem Israel. There
are countless ways we can help each other feel comfortable in
the service, to take a leap of faith, to dance. For some, ecstatic
experience may mean clapping, for others foot tapping. In this
New Year, I hope and pray that we find new ways to know God,
to feel God within. May we “Shout to the Lord” and break into
joyous song. Leora and I wish you all a Shana Tova U’Metuka,
a sweet and healthy New Year.
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
11
