I
— Committees & Organizations —«
I
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
The Religious Life Community (RLC), under the competent guidance and leadership of Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner, continues to shape and guide the religious tone of the Jacksonville Jewish Center during the year
5772. In an effort to encourage the board’s mission of becoming a Kehillat Kesher, or connected community,
the RLC has helped support the clergy’s innovative service changes and additions, including a combined
Selichot service with Congregation Ahavath Chesed, a restructured second day of services on Rosh Hashanah,
and a kesher Purim service. The new Mahzor was successfully integrated into the High Holiday service.
Another welcome addition to our weekly Shabbat service was a transliteration of the Siddur, including music
for many of the new Shabbat tunes.
Many thanks to our tireless clergy, Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Olitzky and Hazzan Holzer, as well as to our
ritual director, Scott Zimmerman, for their many hours of devotion and service to our congregation. Thank
you, as well, to the involved members of the Religious Life Community who have given of their time,
insights and wisdom to benefit of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
2010-2012 Community Members
STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Lubliner CHAIR: -Beth Shorstein
Joette Anderson
Sheldon Gendzier
Bruce Horovitz
Marco Rand
Philip Bloom
Larry Goldberg
Mitch Levine
Avi Rubin
Bob Bossen
Phyllis Goldberg
Len Lipkin
Michael Schneider
Moti Demri
Ira Grann
Lenny Magid
Mark Shorstein
Michael DuBow
Michael Greenburg
Lenny Maiman
Harry Shmunes
Yakov Feig
Joe Honigman
Kim Miller
Karen Southall
Etta Fialkow
Wendy Honigman
Steven Mizrahi
Howie Wolpoff
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults, may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer
recited. Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It is
because of them that you can recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those who served as minyan captains during the past
year: Joette Anderson, Philip Bloom, Robert Bossen, Lenny Magid, Jack Mizrahi, Steven Mizrahi,
Marco Rand, Michael Schneider, Harry Shmunes, Edward Tannen, and Sandy Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week. Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce
Horovitz at 262-1087.
27
