Special Events
5771 SIMCHAT TORAH HONOREES
Sonya Morris is a lifelong resident of Jacksonville and a third generation member of the Center. She grew
up in the loving embrace of her grandparents, Malka & Moshe Kramer, and parents, Hattie & Harry Heyman,
who instilled in her a strong love of synagogue life. After being confirmed at the Center and graduating from
Andrew Jackson High School, Sonya attended Florida State College for Women. There she would meet her
future husband Byron, of blessed memory, who was stationed at Camp Gordon Johnston nearby. They were
married in 1948 at the Center’s building at Third and Silver Street. Sonya then taught school for a few years,
but retired to care for her fast growing family. Sonya’s children, too, were educated and confirmed at the
Center and she is proud of the fact that all of her eight grandchildren are Solomon Schechter graduates. She
is a longtime member of the Sisterhood and over the years helped with card parties, visiting the sick and
volunteering at the annual raffle. She has served on the Performing Artists Committee and was a member of the
Centers Board of Directors for over 30 years. One of Sonya’s favorite pastimes is Mah Jongg for which she serves as a local booster. Most
of all, however, she appreciates and enjoys her children, Deborah and her dear friend Sam, Jeffery and Robin, Jerald and Karen, Joel and
Carol, and Jan and all her grandchildren. She was truly moved to receive the honor of Aishet Hayil from the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
which she has always considered her second home.
Howie Wolpoff is no stranger to synagogue involvement. From a young age he was an active participant
at services in his hometown shul in Riverdale, New York. After his Bar Mitzvah, he began to serve as the
congregational Gabbai and was a frequent Torah reader. Jewish education was an integral part of Howie’s
childhood, attending S.A.R. Academy, Yeshiva University High School and Camp Ramah. He spent fourteen
summers in the Ramah system as a camper, counselor and Rosh Edah. Howie attended SUNY Albany, where
he received a B.A. in political science. In 2002, he earned his MBA from Fordham University and was
hired by the New York Mets organization, helping to launch their minor league baseball team, the Brooklyn
Cyclones. Howie and his wife Beth were married at the Jacksonville Jewish Center in 2004 and immediately
felt welcomed by the Center community. They joined the congregation upon their move to Jacksonville in 2007
and immediately, Howie began to get involved in the synagogue where his wife grew up. He was appointed to
the Board of Directors in 2008 and as chair of the Cemetery Committee. He also joined the Religious Committee and served as chair of the
Bar-Bat Mitzvah Sub-Committee. In 2009, he was asked to step in as Vice President of House. In this role he has worked with the house
committee to address all aspects of marketing and introduced the CenterVision message board in the Center lobby. He also worked on a
plan for the repairs of the Center building. Additionally, he serves as gabbai during Shabbat morning services. Howie shares this honor with
his wife Beth and his children Evan, Andrew and Emma.
Gayle Bailys was bom and raised in Cleveland, Ohio but for nearly 25 years has made the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and the greater Jewish community of Jacksonville a priority in her life. A graduate of Indiana University
with a bachelor’s degree in Health, Physical Education and Recreation, Gayle moved to Jacksonville in 1984.
She has served on the board of the River Garden Auxiliary and Jewish Family & Community Services and
spent two terms as River Garden Auxiliary president. While active in other parts of the Jacksonville community,
it is here at the Center, that Gayle has tmly made her home. She has chaired a number of initiatives and
committees, including the Annual Education Raffle and the very first Annual Golf Tournament. She has been
fiercely committed to the success of our Center Sisterhood, serving in numerous Vice President roles, chairing
several fundraising initiatives and recently completing a two year term as Sisterhood President.
Closest to her heart, however, is the time Gayle has spent working with the Center’s youth. She has served as Camp Director, Waterfront
Director and Director of the Sunday Sports Association basketball program for 13 years. She spent one year as the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School Development Director and was Recreation Director for thirteen years. For the last eleven years Gayle has made a lasting impression
on our youth and their families by serving as the JJC Youth Director. During her spare time, Gayle is an avid tennis player and enjoys
reveling in the achievements of her family. She has been happily married to her high school sweetheart for over 27 years. Gayle and David
have two wonderful sons, Jeremy and Richie, who were both educated at the Solomon Schechter (MJGDS) and celebrated their B’nai
Mitzvah and Confirmations at the Center. Gayle is touched to receive such a lovely honor from the place she cares so much about.
25
