fr— Committees & Organizations —4
HESED COMMUNITY
The Hesed Committee’s mission is to offer help and comfort to our Center families during challenging times.
Hesed Committee members help Center members who are ill or have lost a loved one by sending get-well cards
and condolence cards, making phone calls, and occasionally visiting. The committee also provides transportation
to doctors or other places for those who cannot drive as well as provide meals to new mothers and families in need.
2010-2012 Committee Members
CHAIRS - Beth Shorstein and Helen Shacter STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Lubliner
Judy Arroyo
Rhoda Goldstein
Rachel Morgenthal
Rafael Arroyo
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Robin Morris
Jennifer DeBardeleben
Edith Horovitz
Penny Powell
Bob Bossen
Marcia Howard
Andy Raitt
Naomie Bossen
Marceile Karstaedt
Robin Rand
Debbie Charpiat
Sylvia Lubliner
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Jack Mizrahi
Karen Southall
GREEN TEAM
STAFF LIAISON - Lori Schoettler
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is fast becoming “Greener”. Many initiatives have begun from recycling, to
gardening, to re-using building materials. We are looking forward to a great year full of Eco-Friendly spiritual
messages, fun events for everyone to participate in and workshops to learn more about what we can all do to be
more conscientious about our Earth.
With the help of the GreenFaith Organization, we are working on achieving our “Green Certification”. GreenFaith
is a green movement that inspires, educates and mobilizes people of diverse religious backgrounds for environmental
leadership. They believe that protecting the earth is a religious value, and that environmental stewardship is a moral
responsibility.
Three core values defining the organization are:
Spirit: People grow spiritually through a strong relationship with the earth.
Stewardship: Consumption habits can help heal and restore the earth.
Justice: All people deserve a healthy environment, regardless of their race or income.
In addition to GreenFaith’s mission, the Green Team prepared their own. Our mission’s core value is Tikkun
Olam: repairing or perfecting the world. We hope to impact the Jacksonville Jewish Center Community through
the education and exploration of responsible environmental ethics and practices.
If you are interested in getting involved with the Green Team please email jjcgreenteam2011@gmail.com or
visit us on our blog atjjcgreenteam.wordpress.com ^
GreenFaith
Certification Program
