¡iiiiiii - -HP
>- Communities & Organizations
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
2010-2011 Committee Members
CHAIR - Kim Miller
STAFF LIAISON - Lois Tompkins
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Sandi Driben Dorri Kraus
Lea Gabbay Karen Morse
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch Susan Neadle
When I accepted the role as Chairperson for the
Adult Education Community I was excited about the
opportunity. As I often do when faced with exciting
projects that require serious attention, I approached it
with an artistic view. I began to look at Adult Education
as a tree. We must have many branches reaching into
the vast sky and seeking light and fresh air, we must be
sure to have deep planted roots that provide us with the
water and earth to grow strong. I believe that education
requires balance with our environment. I was very
blessed with my task to have been given responsibility of a tree that has very firm and solid roots. My tree’s roots were
firmly grounded by Lois Tompkins, my Adult Education Coordinator, and the very strong roots of Rabbi Lubliner and
Hazzan Holzer, who have all provided outstanding clergy programming that have been enlightening and steep in our
Judaic heritage and traditions. I have also been blessed with a wonderful committee of members who have worked hard
this year and assisted with their ideas and commitment to our community.
Our clergy offered many informative classes in Torah Study, Talmud, Music and Liturgy, as well as current events.
We offered a monthly film series, Hebrew reading and conversation classes, trope class, and a look at historical documents
with Rabbi Hirsch. Cooking classes with Catrina, Margo and Andrew of Margo’s amazing catering staff were fun and
informative. We sponsored the Congregational Shavuot program and recognized our newest Jews by Choice on the
second day of Shavuot.
The annual Marilyn & Louis Safer Shabbaton had a wonderful speaker: Rabbi Jeffrey Salkin. He wowed many of our
congregants with his engaging topics on the new popularity of Kabbalah on Friday evening, the Jewish response to our
economic crisis on Saturday and educating parents and community on the importance of Bar/Bat Mitzvah celebrations
on Sunday morning.
I look forward to the coming year in Adult Education. I also take this opportunity to invite you to join us in our
pursuit to provide exciting educational programs for our Congregation.
Wishing you a sweet, peaceful and healthy new year.
Shana Tova,
Kimberly Miller
33
