Communities & Organizations -<
CENTER MEN’S CLUB - 5772
Neil Gordon
Center Men’s Club President
“Involving Jewish
Men in Jewish Life”
The Jacksonville
Jewish Center Men’s
Club is an organization
dedicated to the
enrichment of Center
life and the Jacksonville
Jewish community. The
Men’s Club provides
an opportunity for our
Center men to work
together supporting,
sponsoring, and
participating in programs
“Involving Jewish Men in
that bring meaning to our slogan,
Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international organization
dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center
participation have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and
Honorable Mention Torch Awards from FJMC in years past,
and our Yad Shel Chai program is now being implemented in
Men’s Clubs across the nation. We participate in a wide range
of FJMC programs and activities such as distributing Yellow
Holocaust Memorial candles so that every congregant can
honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and
World Wide Wrap which brings together congregants, clergy
and Center youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the
mitzvah of wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life)
and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize our youth
for reading Torah in our synagogue services and building on
the success of the Yad Shel Chai program, we have introduced
the Chaizman Trophy program to encourage continuing
participation in prayer leadership. The Men’s Club Martin
J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to one
Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life
commitment necessary to bring a quality learning experience
to Jewish children. We provide a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th
graders that complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and
raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend
Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who
otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well as
our regional Jewish community. Our members regularly
get together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball,
touch football games or perform community service
activities. Over the years, we have gone on deep sea fishing
trips, provided opportunities to meet with local Jewish
celebrities, and have had family outings to the Jacksonville
Suns baseball games and other local community sporting
events. In the Fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party
features fun, food, raffles and the opportunity to schmooze
with friends while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play
an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Throughout the year, Men’s Club members help with
Sukkot, Purim and Lag B’Omer programs. We lead and
participate in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces
Shabbat. We are your children’s teachers, your community
volunteers and your spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at
least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community. I firmly believe that the Center
Men’s Club offers something for
everyone. So come on out and
join us for an activity this year. I
think you’ll enjoy supporting our
Jacksonville Jewish community
and spending quality time with
other guys just like you!
2011-2012 MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
Neil Gordon
Vice President
Harry Peltz
Secretary
Mark Levine
Treasurer
Allan Andrew
Board Members
Moti Demri
Steve Gross
Mike Herring
Devon Rubin
Dave Schmerer
Bruce Stark
Brent Trager
Dan Wohl
Past Presidents
Dan Wohl
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
37
