Burial and Mourning
CENTER CEMETERY
The Center owns and maintains three cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen Cemetery
in North Jacksonville. Both are open until 5 pm every day except Shabbat and Jewish
holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to Winona Street.
Make a right on Winona Street and go until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the
left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make
a right on 43rd Street. The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
The Cemetery Committee will now manage the Beth Shalom cemetery location at
Evergreen Cemetery. To get there, enter through Gate 5 off of Winona Street and take the
red brick road to the right, which is Magnolia Avenue. At the top, as the bricks end, take
the road on the right. Follow and bear to the left onto Cummer Drive and take it until it
ends (.4 miles). The Beth Shalom cemetery will be on your right.
The cemetery committee has been hard at work to maintain the grounds of the
cemeteries. Over the course of the coming year, you will see work done to enhance the
landscaping and the creation of a parking area in the second section. Additionally, we
will unveil a function through the Center’s website to access maps and information about
burial location at all locations.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the memory
wall located in the Hannah Setzer Memorial Hall, and a tribute in the annual Yizkor
booklets. You can also learn more about purchasing individual and family plots at the New
Center Cemetery. Details are available in the Center office. Additionally, contributions
can be made to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations
will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 2010-2012
CHAIRPERSON
Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON
Don Kriss
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 2010-2012
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President / Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
55
