p- Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool-4
THE SAMUEL AND ESTHER GALINSKY EDUCATION PROGRAMS
A message from the Director
For over 67 years, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool has provided giving
children a wonderful first-learning experience. Our caring and experienced staff
encourages a love of learning, enthusiasm for exploration and discovery, and a high
regard for self and others.
We are dedicated to providing a high-quality, well-rounded, enriching experience
for our children. We focus on teaching skills necessary for laying a good foundation
for future learning and life: social skills, self-help skills, number and science skills,
reading readiness, art, music, Judaica, and physical fitness.
“Jewish experiences lay the groundwork for a lifelong Jewish identity and
create the basis upon which all future learning is built. Jewish early
childhood education is about building the foundation of a strong, vibrant,
joyful Jewish identity for each child.”
Maxine Segal Handelman, USCJ’s consultant for Early Childhood Education
The Center Preschool incorporates Jewish values into our curriculum throughout the entire year. As a part of
our program, we celebrate the Jewish Holidays and Shabbat with songs, stories, special foods and traditions. Each
month we focus on a Jewish value and integrate it into our daily routines and lessons. We teach the children what
it means to be a mensch (a good person), about tzedakah (righteous giving), hachnasat orhim (welcoming guests),
derech eretz (good manners), tikun olam (repairing the world), and more.
Stop by the Preschool to see all the wonderful, new faces and programs!
Leam more about our wonderful school and special programs by visiting us online: www.jjcpreschool.org
You can also find us on Facebook and “like” us!
Shereen Canady
Director
On behalf of the Preschool staff and my family, I wish you a Shana Tova U’Metukah, a Healthy and Happy
New Year.
1
- Shereen Canady
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Rebecca Fixel
PE Teacher
Photo
Unavailable
Dina Kirshbaum Zina Levitsky
Administrative Assistant Music Teacher
■■■■■■■■I
86
