PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
¡s*- The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs -«if
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Parent-Teacher Association works
diligently to provide an enriching year for the students of the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, the Preschool and the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School.
Our goals are to enhance the learning environment of our children by providing
tools to the wonderful teachers who nurture and educate our kids, in addition
to providing learning opportunities to all parents. I am thrilled to serve as the
president of PTA for the 2011-2012 school year!
The PTA contibutes to the educational experience of our children by offering
programs and events, equipment and technology, and so much more! Some of
the outstanding programming and services throughout the year include: Red
Ribbon Week, Shabbat boxes, vision screening, Kaleidoscope Day, Holiday
Observance and the publication of the day school yearbook.
Other exciting events our families look forward to are our Father/Daughter
Dance, Mother/Son Bowling, Grand Friends Day and new for 2011-2012 will
be Family Roller Skating Nights. These programs and services would not be
possible without your support through membership, fundraising and donations.
I encourage you to come join us in the fun!
Fundraising is a huge component of PTA as our funds are used to purchase
supplies and support education in our schools. Our most successful fundraiser is the annual Chai Family Fun Run,
a morning of fitness followed by a fun filled carnival! Other fundraising events for the 2011-2012 school year
include magazine sales, box tops collections, and, new this year, a kosher cookie dough sale.
The Parent Teacher Association strives to involve every parent in our Center schools. Volunteers are crucial
to the success of our PTA, and I encourage you to get involved. Become active in nurturing our future leaders in
our Jewish community. Let’s make this an amazing year together!
2011-2012 PTA Officers
President
Rebecca Fixel
Past President
Debbie Goldstein
VP of Fundraising
Melissa Garber & Stacy Scharf
VP of Programming
Andrea Mail & Erica Gottlieb
VP of Membership
Nancy Davis
VP of Services
Yakov Feig & Gabrielle Bubis
Treasurer
Tammy Schemer
Secretary
Alyse Nathans
Rebecca Fixel
PTA President
85
