►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
THE SAMUEL & ESTHER GALINSKY EDUCATION PROGRAMS
A SCHECHTER NETWORK DAY SCHOOL
LOCATED IN THE GORDON-HECHT-BOSSEN EDUCATION CENTER
A Message from the Head of School
“Educate children in the way they should go and when they' are old they will not depart from it” Proverbs 22.6
The mission of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is to provide a comprehensive, academically
challenging curriculum in General and Judaic Studies. The school provides a caring, supportive
community in which each student can grow academically, emotionally, socially and physically. Through
the bilingual curriculum and school environment, the students are presented with a philosophy of life
based upon the values and concerns embodied in Conservative Judaism, stressing social action and
social responsibility.
Through a curriculum based on intellectual inquiry and critical thinking, students are challenged to
meet the highest standards ofacademic excellence. The instructional approach fosters a life long passion
for learning. We nurture the souls of each of our students, grounding them in Jewish values. By instilling
personal and social responsibility and love for Israel, we create a foundation for a life of continuity and
dedication to the community, which extends to the home, the synagogue and the community at large.
I could not have hoped for a better first year and beginning to a second one here at MJGDS! I
want to thank the parents and students for giving me such a warm welcome. I especially want to thank
the teachers and the staff for their hard work - whatever steps we took only were possible because of
your effort, time and love.
Space prohibits exposition, but please allow me to snapshot some of the accomplishments from
the 2010-2011 school year and some exciting things to look forward to in the upcoming year:
Transparency: We strive in the Day School be transparent in all ways to our parents, donors, and supporters in our community. Through
the school website, classroom blogs, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Vimeo, etc. - you are welcome to see what we are up to at all times! Our
benchmarks and standards for each grade are online and many parents are now welcome to access their children’s grades and progress
reports in real time. We launched an Annual Parent Survey and this year will add an Annual Alumni Survey.
Academic Achievement: In 2010-2011,60% of Students in Grades 4,5 & 7 qualified for the Duke TIPS program (which means a score
of 95% or higher on standardized tests). One hundred percent of last year’s graduates were accepted to every high school program they
applied to.. .that’ll be hard to beat, but we sure are going to try to match it!
Differentiated Instruction: Our school’s philosophy is “A Floor, But No Ceiling’' and it is reflected in our individual approach to
education. In addition, thanks to a generous donation from Koleinujax - working with Jewish Family Service and the Foundation - we
have been able to add additional staff and training to ensure that each child in our school who has a special need has a documented IEP and
is receiving appropriate accommodations and services with parent input and support.
Middle School Athletics: The MJGDS Marlins take to the field this year for the first time ever! We will be competing in Girls Volleyball
and a couple of other sports to be announced in 2011-2012... come cheer us on!
Parent University: I began last year and look forward to continuing my weekly Parent University course for parents interesting in
exploring how to make Judaism come alive in the home.
21st Century Learning: We continue to be a regional and national example of a 21st Century Learning school in action! We had and
will continue to present at the Florida Council of Independent Schools Annual Conference and will host the first-ever national conference
for Jewish day schools on 21st Century Learning this April 29 - May 1!
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School 50th Anniversary - Save the Date
This year we celebrate 50 years of excellence! Please join us, and the entire JJC community, on the weekend of May 4th-6th, 2012 for a
fantastic celebration. Look for details about how you can be involved in this once-in-a-generation event coming soon!
My wife, Jaimee, and daughters, Eliana and Maytal, join me in wishing the entire community a shana tova umetuka, a good and sweet
new year.
Jon Mitzmacher
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of School
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Talie Zaifert Robyn
Director of Marketing Sabatt-Waring
& Admissions Executive Assistant
Jessie Roman
Administrative
Assistant
*
92
