p- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
THE SAMUEL & ESTHER GALINSKY EDUCATION PROGRAMS
A UNITED SYNAGOGUE OF CONSERVATIVE JUDAISM FRAMEWORK FOR EXCELLENCE SCHOOL
A Message from the Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Center holds Jewish learning as a central value.
Our Religious School offers a thoughtful and engaging curriculum for each of our
grades K-8. Our students belong to a nurturing community dedicated to providing a
dynamic and rich educational setting and opportunity for positive growth. Through
the invaluable partnership between Religious School education, congregational
life, and family life, students are able to integrate Judaism into their developing
personal identity.
Our teachers are capable educators, who delight in mixing formal and informal
Jewish educational techniques to help bring each of our learners to Torah. The goal
of our “formal” educational component is to provide an atmosphere of learning
that will serve as the foundation for a life-long commitment to Torah, Israel and the
Jewish community. Our “informal” Jewish education is just as important. We achieve
this goal through individual grade and/or all-school family education programs, and
combined real-time experiences. All students engage in regular t’fillot (prayer).
Our Religious School starts with our warm and nurturing Kindergarten Sunday School that introduces these
young students to Bible, mitzvot, Hebrew language and holiday celebrations. Consecration dedicates our first
graders to the study of Torah. Our 2nd through 5th grade students add Wednesday afternoons as they continue
on with age-appropriate curricula of history, Torah, Israel, ethics and, of course, Hebrew reading and prayer. In
addition to continued preparation for Bar or Bat Mitzvah, our middle-school students are immersed in United
Synagogue’s Project Etgar, geared towards the teaching of moral, social,and emotional Jewish adolescent values
and behaviors. Our 8th graders attend on Shabbat mornings rather than Sunday, as they are welcomed into post-
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Jewish life by using their new skills on a regular basis in the sanctuary as well as becoming
leaders in our various Youth Services. All of this is blended together with art, technology, music and celebrations
for a full cultural experience.
Lois Tompkins
Director
Wishing you a happy and healthy new year,
Lois B. Tompkins
100
