===== PAGE 1 =====
a ff %
ILLS ZlOZllOZ
xooauvax X31N3J HSIM3( miANOSXDVf
===== PAGE 2 =====
What drives Jacksonville?
From Mercedes-Benz to Porsche to Lexus, and now SMART,The
Brumos Companies have driven Jacksonville for over 50 years.The
Brumos heritage is reflected in its incredible line of luxury vehicles and
dealerships with a dedication to customers and employees.
Affordable prices, like pre-owned luxury vehicles under $20,000, and a
commitment to quality service, have propelled The Brumos Companies
to become one of the most storied dealership teams in the country.
Brumos remains dedicated to the community and focused on serving
its growing customer base with the recent addition of new facilities
in Orange Park, Florida. Please visit a Brumos Company near you and
experience what drives Jacksonville.
Brumos @
MOTOR CARSSEESZE2 Mercedes-Benz
Brumos
Porsche
©
Lexus
Mercedes-Benz
of Orange Park
©.
©
UEXIJS
smart
Brumos
RACING
The
rumos
COMPANIES
www.Brumos.com
Brumos
COLLISION CENTERS —
===== PAGE 3 =====
LAWN CARE
994-7457
Are you looking for a full service lawn care company
that is reliable and economical?
If so, SOLSTICE LAWN CARE is the company for you!
WE OFFER THESE BENEFITS TO OUR RESIDENTIAL CLIENTS
No yearly contracts to sign
No locked in monthly fees
Full service maintenance visits
Guaranteed service day
FULL SERVICE MAINTENANCE VISITS INCLUDE
Tree Pruning (when required)
Weed Removal
Surface Debris Removal
Professional Mowing
Concrete Edging
String Trimming
Hedging (when required)
ANCILLARY SERVICES INCLUDE:
Bed Mulching • Landscape Design
Tree Trimming • Plant/Tree Install
Solstice Lawn Care provides service for both
residential and commercial properties.
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
“Best Farmers Market in Jax” Folio Weekly, Fall, 2009
“In all I spent $20 at the (Jacksonville) Farmers Market. The same amount of groceries
would be $40.46 at the local supermarkets. ” Julia Crowley, First Coast News
Comparison Shopping the Jacksonville Farmers Market, 5/23/2008
Save 50% or More by Shopping at the...
^^Jacksonvillej^)
Farmers Market
Home of up to 200 Farmers and Vendors providing the WIDEST selection
of PRODUCE in North Florida - arriving FRESH daily.
- RETAIL - WHOLESALE -
Featuring Organic, Ethnic, Specialty, Seasonal & Unique Agricultural Products and Plants
Open 365 Days a Year - Dawn to Dusk
Now Open
Andy’s
Farmers Market
Grill
Breakfast & Lunch
Snacks & More
Mon.-Fri.: 6:30 AM-3:30 PM
Sat.: 7 AM-4 PM
Convenient Drive-Up Parking
jaxfarmersmarket.com
Celebrating 74 Years as
Jacksonville ’s Largest &
Florida’s Oldest
Farmers Market
- Since 1938 - Newly Rebuilt in 2007-
Located at the Beaver Street Viaduct
1810 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
904-354-2821
2
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
fl
Table of Contents
Yearbook Staff
Janis Dorman
Advertising Editor
Beth Wolpoff
Yearbook Editor
In 1926, Congregation B’nai Israel began a
tradition of printing a yearbook, to document the
activities within the congregation during the past year.
Within its 50 pages, which included a number
of local advertisements, leaders of the Jacksonville
Jewish and synagogue community presented the
history of the congregation and articles addressing
the need for the creation of a Jewish Center - a place
where large programs and organizations could exist
and present their events, where children could have a
more structured Jewish school setting and the Jewish
community could gather for prayer, social events,
lectures and lifecycle celebrations. It was the blueprint
for the creation of their new building and the evolution
into the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
As we present to you our 80th annual yearbook,
and 108th membership directory, we remember our
congregational life and experiences at our synagogue’s
second location, affectionately remembered as
Third and Silver. Although the building is gone, the
memories, and all that it stood for, will remain forever.
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for making this publication
possible, but also for the support you lend to our many activities.
We urge our members to reciprocate with their patronage.
Claims of Kashrut made by advertisers unassociated
with the synagogue are neither verified nor endorsed by the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904-292-1000 • www.jaxjewishcenter.com
This directory is for informational purposes. It is not
intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
PROFESSIONAL AND LAY LEADERSHIP
Board of Directors 20
Center Personnel 17
Executive Director’s Message 13
Hazzan’s Message 11
Margo’s Catering 17
Executive Board 21
Past Presidents 22-23
President’s Message 19
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 7
Rabbi Olitzky’s Message 9
Ritual Director’s Message 15
JJC PHONE DIRECTORY 119
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMUNITIES
Adult Education 33
Center Cemetery / Hevra Kaddisha 55
Green Team 31
Hesed Community 31
Koltrain 26
Men’s Club 36-37
Membership 28 - 29
Minyan Captains, Religious Life Community 27
Sisterhood 34-35
Social Action Community 32
CALENDAR 169-174
COMMUNITY / SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTINGS ... 118
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 195 -200
DIRECTORY OF MEMBERS 121-167
EDUCATION
Day School Head of School Message 92
Day School Classes, Teachers, Activities 93-99
Early Childhood Director’s Message 86
Early Childhood Classes, Activities 87 - 89
Education Milestones 105
Kids Club 91
L’Dor V’Dor Society 82
Leadership in Education Brunch 83
Makom 104
PTA 85
Religious School Classes, Activities 101 - 103
Religious School Director’s Message 100
Shalom Baby 90
GREETINGS 175-194
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 41 - 45
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 47 - 49
Dearly Departed 57
Weddings 51 - 53
MEMORIALS 59-80
SPECIAL EVENTS
3rd and Silver Tribute 4-5
Simchat Torah Honorees 25
YOUTH
Camp Ki Tov 117
Center Youth Commission 107
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 109-113
Scouting 39
Summer Youth Programs 115
Youth Director’s Message 107
3
===== PAGE 6 =====
Remembering 3rd and Silver
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center dates back to the founding
of the Congregation B’nai IsraeJ/fn 1901. By 1907, membership had increased to 75 families and
a building was constructed on the comer of Jefferson and Duval Streets to house its religious and
educational activities.
After twenty-five years as a congregation, it became apparent that a Jewish Center was necessary
to bring a focus to the educational needs of the youth of the community. The congregation’s
Rabbi, Samuel Benjamin, proposed the founding of the Jacksonville Jewish Center which would
serve not only one congregation, but the entire Jewish community in all its religious, social,
cultural and physical needs.
In 1927, Congregation B’nai Israel became the Jacksonville Jewish Center and relocated to a new
building at Third and Silver Streets in Springfield. The building contained three parts: a main
entrance that led into the auditorium, a vestibule in front of the auditorium stairs that lead to the
Center synagogue, a three story building containing class rooms, meeting rooms, a prayer room,
the Rabbi’s study and a library behind the main facility.
The original version of the main sanctuary had large windows of frosted panes. One pane on each
window was of stained glass and contained an inscription of the donor. The platform, pulpit and
ark were made of dark walnut with gold decorations. The room provided 500 individual cushion
seats made of light walnut and had a balcony that contained 154 comfortable seats. The floors
were covered with a heavy coat of Bakelite varnish and the aisles were carpeted.
The building went through a number of renovations and additions including: a redecoration in
1935; the opening of the activities building in 1951; a sanctuary renovation in 1958 and a new
school building addition in 1959. In 1962, a committee was formed to acquire land and to create
a plan to address the congregation’s growing needs. In 1976, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
moved from the beloved building at Third and Silver to Mandarin, the synagogue’s present
location on Crown Point Road.
For almost 50 years, Third and Silver was the home of Shabbat experiences, family celebrations,
learning, athletics, and countless social gatherings for all ages. On April 25, the building was
destroyed by fire and had to be tom down. It was a sad ending to a remarkable building, filled
with countless memories and history. We fondly remember our building at Third and Silver and
dedicate this yearbook in its honor.
===== PAGE 7 =====
Remembering 3rd and Silver
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
Ira E. Goldfield, clu chFC
Chartered Financial Consultant & Insurance Advisor
Providing Service In:
• Medicare Supplement (AARP)
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
• Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401 (k) and Retirement Plans
2803 Scott Mill Estates Drive • Jacksonville, Florida 32257 • (904) 655-7747
Securities and investment advisory services offered through Lincoln Financial Advisories Corp.,
member NASD, SIPC, and a registered investment advisor.
Insurance products offered through Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. and other fine companies.
6
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 9 =====
I
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
A PLACE CALLED HOPE
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age
of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season
of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of
despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us. . .
—Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities
This has been an exciting year for our congregation. We are enriched by scores
of new families from Beth Shalom whose willing hands and new perspectives have
already made a difference to the fabric of Center life. We are blessed with visionary
lay leaders devoted to the congregation’s well-being, and, with the addition of Head
of School, Jon Mitzmacher, Executive Director, Don Kriss, and Rabbi Jesse Olitzky,
are fortunate to have an outstanding professional leadership team in place. We have
undertaken a variety of meaningful initiatives that significantly improved the quality
of synagogue life in the past year.
This has been a challenging year for our congregation. We continue to wrestle with a significant budget deficit and
the daunting cost of a new roof. We are concerned about our success in reaching out to 20-somethings as well as empty
nesters, anxious that our efforts to engage younger families are not always as effective as we would like. It remains
difficult to expand our volunteer base. There are many elements of synagogue life that could be improved upon.
Looking at life as the art of the possible requires taking note of its challenges as well. It is the capacity for genuine
hope - the conviction that while circumstances matter, mindsets matter more - which distinguishes striving, nurturing
and growing communities from stagnant ones. My own experiences over the years have taught me what neurobiologists,
educators and psychologists increasingly confirm: in a society defined by TMI (Too-Much-Information), individuals
still pay attention to what they see in the attitudes and behaviors of others. To put it differently, people rarely change
because of other people. We can learn how to be more hopeful, and in the process, create a better and more worthwhile
community. At the end of the day, it is people, not programming, who inspire belief in a future of opportunity.
It is told that the 1st century sage, Rabban Yohanan ben Zakkai, once said to his five principle disciples, “Go
forth and discover what quality a person should cultivate as a way of life.” When they returned to their teacher, one
suggested, “A generous eye;” another declared, “Being a good friend;” a third maintained, “Being a good neighbor,”
while the fourth offered, “A capacity to consider the consequences of one’s actions.” Rabbi Eleazar ben Arakh was the
last to speak, and said, “A joyous heart.” Rabban Yohanan ben Zakkai responded, “I prefer what Eleazar ben Arakh has
said, for his definition includes all of yours” (Mishnah Avot 2:9).
The ongoing creation of a Kehillat Kesher, a Community-of-Connection, requires joyous hearts, ones suffused with
hopeful energy. To cultivate empathy for others, to build deeply transformative relationships within the synagogue, and
to increase our capacity to be a good neighbor within the larger community requires faith in our ability to touch and be
touched. It is hardly accidental that the Penitential Psalm, recited at this season of the year, concludes with the words,
“Hope in the Lord; be strong and of good courage! Hope in the Lord!” (Psalm 27:14). These words are not intended
as spiritual Valium, but constitute a challenge to all who would create
a life of purpose and meaning. More than anything else, it is genuine
hope (not the Pollyannaish sugar-coated variety) which separates the
best from the worst of times; the message of the High Holidays is that
we define our reality even more than it defines us.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing you a
Shana Tova u’Metukah, a year of goodness, sweetness, health
and hope.
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
7
===== PAGE 10 =====
■\
Serving Northeast
Florida Since 1898
BUSINESS
PERSONAL
LIFE
HEALTH
TM
Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
www.Vandroff-lnsurance.com
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
904.296.3390 office • 904.296.6144 fax
Copyright ©2011, Vandroff Insurance Inc. All Rights Reserved. An Independent Insurance Agent®
8
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 11 =====
“HINENI - HERE I AM”
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
During the High Holidays, the Hazzan chants the words of the Hineni, and
each of us acknowledges that here we are, and here we stand, with deep humility
before God. As we celebrate the New Year, we accept that we are far from perfect,
but we are constantly striving to be better versions of ourselves. We search for
meaningful ways to learn and grow. We are each a part of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, each a part of this special community, because we have all found those
transformative experiences of growth here.
My family and I counted down the weeks, then the days, then the minutes,
before we moved out of our apartment in New York City to our new home in
Jacksonville and our new community at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. We
anxiously awaited for the moving trucks to arrive and then for the movers to
unload our boxes. I excitedly set up my office at the Center... and then we exhaled.
Finally, we were here. Finally, we were home.
Throughout our Torah, the word hineni is a transformative statement. Hineni is a response,
acknowledging that one is physically — and spiritually — present, ready to be challenged and ready to change.
Hineni. Here I am. When God called out to Abraham and commanded him to sacrifice his son Isaac, Abraham
responded: “hineni. ” Here I am. When Jacob sends Joseph to meet up with his brothers, ultimately leading
him on a journey of servitude, imprisonment, and eventual sovereignty, Joseph says affirmatively: “hineni. ”
Here I am. I am ready. When God appears to Moses in the form of a burning bush, Moses acknowledges God’s
presence with the statement: “hineni. ” Here I am, ready to lead. When I arrived in Jacksonville, and finally
settled in at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, I could finally say: “hineni. ”
The beauty of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is that there are many avenues towards entry into the
community. Some connect to our Shabbat services, others to our daily minyanim. Some come here to learn,
others come here to teach. Some show up to play softball on Sunday mornings, others to take a dip in the
Yegelwel family pool on Shabbat afternoon. We are involved in this Jewish community to learn, to grow, and
to socialize. Most importantly, we create community as a Kehillat Kesher to be transformed. With the new year
comes new opportunities. Throughout the year ahead, we will be offering exciting and innovative programs for
children, families, and adults. Try something new this year at the Center. Challenge yourself. Allow yourself the
opportunity to say: “hineni. ” Here I am.
What an honor it has been to join the community here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I look forward
to many transformative experiences together in the year ahead!
Andrea and Cayla join me in wishing the entire community a happy and healthy new year!
Shana Tova,
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
===== PAGE 12 =====
L' Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace,
Health and Happiness be yours
throughout the New Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
(904) 733-3529
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
(904) 733-8133
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
10
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 13 =====
'
A Message from the Hazzan
A PLACE IN THEIR HEART
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Prayer depends on the heart, a person should put all of his heart into it, so
that it shouldn’t be in the aspect of “With their lips they honor me but their hearts
are far from me.” (Isaiah 29)- Rabbi Nachman of Breslov
This past spring, I read a rather thought provoking article from the magazine
ZEEK, A Jewish Journal of Thought and Culture, presented by the Forward.
The article, entitled “How the Jewish Prayer Service Resembles Pentecostal
Worship,” discusses the need for what the columnist, Sharon Alexander, describes
as “ecstatic prayer experience.” Outside the circles of Hasidic, neo-Hasidic and
Jewish renewal, few congregations offer up that ecstatic experience- to know
God directly, to feel God within. Alexander claims that while there is singing and
community building going on, people are looking to be transformed with all their
heart, all their soul, and all their body.
Dancing with your Shul is not an annual event- it can take place at every
prayer service, at every moment we have as a community to offer up a blessing.
Beyond the shtender tapping or Koltrain playing, there are rhythms within us
begging to be let free. To lose our inhibitions, to let our guard down, we must feel comfortable not only within
our community but within the texts that drive it. Greeters to our Shabbat services are important, but if the
siddur that greets us is alien, everyone loses. A prime example is the text of Psalm 98:4 which states, “Should
to the Lord, all the earth, break into joyous songs of praise.” For anyone who has ever seen a Songs for
Worship CD commercial or maybe even an American Idol Gives Back episode, you may know that “Shout to
the Lord” is a popular Christian worship anthem. In the Songs for Worship commercials, stadiums filled with
thousands of active prayer participants sway from side to side, all chanting the lyrics. I bring up this psalm
in particular because we chant these exact words, in Hebrew “Hari-u Ladonai Kol Ha’aretz, Pitzchu V’ran’nu
V’zameiru” each Friday night during our Kabbalat Shabbat Service. Our Friday night service is not lacking in
singing or community building, but to reach that ecstatic experience, we need to better equip our participants
to do just that, participate. So... how do we do this? Learners minyanim teach the structure and themes of our
prayer services. Office hours of the Hazzan (located on my door) offer a chance to not only review parts of
the services, but a place to talk about the meaning and background of each tefillah. Our transliterated siddur
offers meditations and new translations as well as the melodies that drive our service to help one navigate
our worship services. This year I will be creating a “song/psalm
of the week” where I’ll focus on a melody or text that run the
gamut from our siddur to the music of modem Israel. There
are countless ways we can help each other feel comfortable in
the service, to take a leap of faith, to dance. For some, ecstatic
experience may mean clapping, for others foot tapping. In this
New Year, I hope and pray that we find new ways to know God,
to feel God within. May we “Shout to the Lord” and break into
joyous song. Leora and I wish you all a Shana Tova U’Metuka,
a sweet and healthy New Year.
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
11
===== PAGE 14 =====
Keep kosher with
Winn-Dixie
by purchasing any of our 1f000
Winn-Dixie brand kosher products.
For a full listing go to: www.winndixie.com/kosher.
Here’s a taste of the
kosher foods available at your
neighborhood Winn-Dixie:
Our store at the corner of University and San Jose
offers a wide selection of Israeli foods, kosher meats,
cheeses, frozen entrées and appetizers. Our San Jose
& Loretto location also has a large mix of kosher
foods including meats and cheeses.
Winn/Dixie
12
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE
Donald A. Kriss
Executive Director
Shalom All,
It is now nine months since stepping into the Executive Director’s
position at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. This has been an exciting period
and I have certainly gained much knowledge from all of you about our shul.
' I I continuously need your assistance. I ask you to challenge us when you
think we can do better. Ask us for help when you think we can assist. Call on
us when your victories need to be sung beyond your own voices. There are
challenges ahead of us for sure, but as wise voices have claimed before, “Any
great accomplishment requires suffering, labor, and sacrifice. In things that
count - in matters of character, and growth, there are no short cuts, no magical
ways to achieve results.” I assure you that organizationally we will continually
work toward making our congregation stronger in the administration of our day to day operations. Our
growth, optimism, and drive to create meaningful member experiences and a high level of service, will
continue to be of utmost importance.
You should know that there are several administrative priorities that are focal points. We are seeking
ways to engage our membership in finding connection and commitment. We are identifying ways to
measure our accomplishments in member services. We are improving our technological competencies
in order to meet the demands of our membership. We are constantly working to assure cost efficiencies
in all departments and we are making sure that our staff resources are being used to maximize individual
performance.
As we enter into the New Year, I pray that we all should be blessed with peace, health and happiness.
I am thankful for the dedicated staff that surrounds me, the energy and wisdom of our officers, board and
committee members, as well as each and every one of you!
Janet and I look forward to meeting and greeting you at any one of our services, programs or events.
My phone number is 904-292-1000, ext. 112 and my
email is don.kriss@jaxjewishcenter.com.
Sincerely yours,
Don Kriss
===== PAGE 16 =====
PLANT A TREE
IN ISRAEL TODAY
THROUGH JEWISH NATIONAL FUND
Memorials • Birthdays • Anniversaries
New Baby • B’nai Mitzvot
To learn more contact
Uri Smajovits or Beth Morris
at usmajovits@jnf.org
or bmorris@jnf.org
or call us at 727-536-5263.
888-563-0099
www.jnf.org/trees
^iewish
TM
National Fund
14
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 17 =====
I would like to thank the many members of our congregation who have
added their voices as a source of inspiration by participating in reading Torah at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Through their dedication and devotion, we have
They formulated three precepts: Be cautious in rendering a decision, rear
many students, and build a fence to protect the Torah.
Moses received Torah from God at Sinai, He transmitted it to Joshua, Joshua
to the Elders, the Elders to the Prophets, the Prophets to the members of the
Great Assembly.
Teachings of the Sages
PIRKEIAVOT
Scott Zimmerman
Ritual Director
maintained a high level of participation. The commitment and encouragement
of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure that this quality standard will be continued
for many generations to come. I would like to thank all of our teachers for their continued support and
cooperation and on behalf of Suzanne, Casie, Aron and myself wish you a happy and healthy new year.
Shana Tova,
Scott Zimmerman
After an impressive history of 39 years, Beth Shalom Congregation has integrated
with the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Beth Shalom was a leader in many areas of Judaism
in Jacksonville and an asset to our community - both Jewish and secular.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center welcomes members of the Beth Shalom family and is
pleased to have them join the Center family and enhance our activities and spiritual life
together. We will share ideas and ideals, pray together, play together, study and learn
together, observe Shabbat and holidays together, celebrate life cycle events together,
renew friendships, make new friends and socialize together.
===== PAGE 18 =====
Borland-Groover Clinic Wishes you a Lifetime of Good Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Apurv K. Varia, M.D.
Michael B. IBach, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
Augusto Lopez-Torrez, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
Murray L. Langfitt, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
Ben Pineau, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
W.A. (Sandra) Hoogerwerf, M.D.
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Kevin M. Comar, M.D.
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
William F. Foody, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Monica J. Cox, ARNP, Ph.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Steve S. Harvey, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Jose M. Nieto, D.O.
Hong T. Tek, M.D.
Laura Boudreaux, ARNP
Scott T. Cooper, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Thomas J. Flannery, M.D.
Michael E. Herman, D.O.
Borland-Groover has 9 office locations to serve you:
4800 Belfort Road 14540 St. Augustine Rd, 1883 Kingsley Avenue 1375 Roberts Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32256 Suite 2207 Suite 1100 Suite 204
Jacksonville, FL 32258 Orange Park, FL 32073 Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
3 Shir cliff Way 3627 University Blvd. 1340 South 18th Street 836 Prudential Drive 100 Whetstone Place
Suite 400 Suite 705 Suite 101 Suite 801 Suite 105
Jacksonville, FL 32204 Jacksonville, FL 32216 Fernandina Beach, FL 32034 Jacksonville, FL 32207 St. Augustine, FL 32086
Our office hours are 8:30 am to 5:00pm, Monday through Friday
To schedule an appointment, call 904.398.7205
It is our privilege to be a part of your specialized medical care.
16
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 19 =====
Administrative Staff
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
Brent Ganey
Facilities Supervisor
The maintenance and
housekeeping staff work diligently
to keep our building clean and
presentable at all times. Our staff
devotes much of their time to
taking care of all the physical
needs required by the many events
which take place throughout the
year. Volunteers, event planners
and Center staff appreciate the
special attention they receive from
the maintenance department. The
maintenance staff offers invaluable
support to the members of our
congregation.
Margo’s Catering
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Your simcha is in good hands with
Margo’s. From planning to presentation,
you’ll appreciate the professional touches
that the catering staff brings to every event.
The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent, and the ambiance is
always inviting. Best of all, congregants can
count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be
helpful, friendly and reassuring. It’s a pleasure
to plan a party or congregational program at
the Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah,
wedding or other occasion, you can trust
Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
To learn more about menus and catering
options, click on Margo’s Catering’s website,
www.margoskoshercatering.com.
(Under the Kosher supervision of
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner)
—
Lori Schoettler
Director of Finance & Operations
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Receptionist
===== PAGE 20 =====
i^ocany-ownea,
sustainably-sourced <$*
seasonally-inspired
since 1999-
Award winning cuisine
with a city-hip vibe.
Craving more ?
www.BistroX.com
1440 San Marco Boulevard
©@i>istroaix 904-398-1949
minutes from downtown in historic San Marco
Bistro Abe
THE LOOP
The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-2210
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e-Loop Club
18
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 21 =====
>- A Message from the President
REFLECTING ON A BUSY YEAR...WHILE LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
Michael DuBow
As I sit to write this article, it presents an opportunity to reflect on a busy, yet
very fruitful, year.. ..one that has provided key building blocks for the foundation
of our Center Community in the years to come. We are fortunate to have a
committed and forward-thinking Team in place.. .Clergy, School Administrators/
Teachers, Front Office Staff, Maintenance Department and Margo’s Catering all
working together with a dedicated Lay Leadership Team to ensure the continued
success and growth of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
We welcome our fellow Conservative Jews from Beth Shalom.. .it has been
a pleasure having you join us at the Center and we look forward to your growing
involvement in our future together. Our “Community of Connection” initiative
continues to expand through relationships with Sulzbacher and Habijax, as well
as through several social action programs.. ..I invite you to become involved.
An exciting opportunity lies ahead as an Education Task Force has started work on the development of
a strategic plan for our schools to explore the viability and structure of an “Academy Model” where all of
our educational programming would share key resources and incorporate a common vision. Stay tuned for
additional details as this process moves along.
There are several other initiatives underway and many others in the planning stages....! welcome your
input and involvement as we continue to build on our strengths and seek ways to capitalize on the opportunities
before us. A big “thank you” to all who have been extremely supportive and given of their time during my first
year as President your efforts are greatly appreciated!
Helen, Sophie, Charlie and 1 wish our entire Center Community a healthy and happy New Year.
Shana Tova,
Michael DuBow
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
I— 2010-2012 Board of Directors —<
Allan Andrew
Shirley Bielski
Philip Bloom
Colman Brodsky
Moti Demri
Michael DuBow
Susan DuBow
Dr. Dina Fetner
Etta Fialkow
Bob Fischer
Neil Gordon
Mel Gottlieb
Bruce Horovitz
Joan Levin
Marla Lewis
Leonardo Maiman
Dr. Mike Mass
Harvey Matoren
Mauri Mizrahi
Steven Mizrahi
Rachel Morgenthal
Kathy Osterer
Harry Peltz
Jennifer Plotkin
Lita Poehlman
Dr. Marco Rand
Dr. Harris Rittenberg
Jeanne Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Michael Schneider
Russell Selevan
Ben Setzer
Beth Shorstein
Shari Shuman
Lara Werwa
Elyse Whitman
Dr. Dan Wohl
Howard Wolpoff
Carole Wolpin
Morrie Zimmerman
Past Presidents
Lawrence DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Dr. Joseph Honigman
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Charles Mizrahi
Jeffery Morris
Marsha Pollock
Jack Shorstein
Mark Shorstein Sanford “Sandy”
Michael Shorstein Zimmerman
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein Seeman Zimmerman
Evan Yegelwel
20
===== PAGE 23 =====
2010-2012 Executive Board
Chairman of the Board
President
Bruce Horovitz
Executive VP
Mauri Mizrahi Jennifer Plotkin Beth Shorstein
VP of Education VP of Finance VP of Ritual
Howard Wo
VP of House
VP of Membership
Shari Shuman Mel Gottlieb Russell Selevan Leonard Setzer
VP of Youth VP at Large VP at Large VP at Large
Philip Bloom Jeanine Rogozinski Neil Gordon Lara Werwa
Member at Large Secretary Men’s Club Sisterhood
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
Max Frank*
1901-1904
H. Hammerman*
1905
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
Elias H. Pilton*
1911-1922
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Harry Finkelstein*
1927-1929
Max Rubin*
1930-1937
1*
Abe Newman*
1940-1943
Harry Gendzier*
1944-1946
Joseph Hackel*
1947-1948
Harry Leff*
1949
Philip Selber*
1950-1951; 1953-1955
1963-1965
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
Jack Becker*
1966-1967
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
22
===== PAGE 25 =====
Pa ct Pi?i7crni77vrT,c
XLrL i31 i IÍ-C Cf-I UjEjIS JL J
1970-1971
1972-1974
1974-1976
1976-1978
Lawrence DuBow
1978-1980
Dr. Joseph Honigman
1984-1986
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
1978-1980
1986-1988
Nathan Krestul*
1980-1982
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Sol Proctor*
1982-1984
Jeffery Morris
1990-1993
1993-1996
2002-2004
Seeman Zimmerman
2004-2006
1998-2000
2000-2002
Dr. Mitchell Levine
2008-2010
*In Loving Memory
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
Shorstein & Kelly
ATTORNEYS AT LAW, P.A.
THE ADOPTION PROFESSIONALS
Michael A. Shorstein and Brian T. Kelly - exclusively practicing in the field of adoptions.
V Matching and placement services IP Identified adoptions
V Interstate (ICPC) adoptions V Grandparent, stepparent and relative adoptions
Creating families through successful adoptions is our goal.
BEST WISHES FORA EiAPPY NEW YEAR!
SAVES
LIVES
ff/A
Fellows of the
American Academy of
Adoption Attorneys
We welcome your referrals.
Jacksonville Office: 3821 Atlantic Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32207 • (904) 348-6400
Daytona Office: 1540 Cornerstone Blvd., Suite 200, Daytona Beach, FL 32117 • (386) 673-1234
Fax: (904) 348-6424 • Adoption@ShorsteinKelly.com
www.Adoption-USA.com
CEttV
ADOPTION LAW
Combining Voice, Data & Video
ARE YOU TIRED OF PAYING THOSE HIGH MONTHLY
COMMUNICATIONS BILLS? ASK ABOUT OUR FREE AUDIT
ANALYSIS OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS BILL
•VOICE OVER IP/SERVER BASED SYSTEMS
• HOSTED VIRTUAL COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE
• UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS
• SECURITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT
•VOICE & DATA/FIBER CABLING
TOSHIBA
Star2Star
COMMUNICATIONS
904-363-0033
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Communications Engineer
Over 40 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
8917 Western Way • Suite 20 • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
website: www.aicconverge.com email: sstrumlauf@aicconverge.com
24
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 27 =====
Special Events
5771 SIMCHAT TORAH HONOREES
Sonya Morris is a lifelong resident of Jacksonville and a third generation member of the Center. She grew
up in the loving embrace of her grandparents, Malka & Moshe Kramer, and parents, Hattie & Harry Heyman,
who instilled in her a strong love of synagogue life. After being confirmed at the Center and graduating from
Andrew Jackson High School, Sonya attended Florida State College for Women. There she would meet her
future husband Byron, of blessed memory, who was stationed at Camp Gordon Johnston nearby. They were
married in 1948 at the Center’s building at Third and Silver Street. Sonya then taught school for a few years,
but retired to care for her fast growing family. Sonya’s children, too, were educated and confirmed at the
Center and she is proud of the fact that all of her eight grandchildren are Solomon Schechter graduates. She
is a longtime member of the Sisterhood and over the years helped with card parties, visiting the sick and
volunteering at the annual raffle. She has served on the Performing Artists Committee and was a member of the
Centers Board of Directors for over 30 years. One of Sonya’s favorite pastimes is Mah Jongg for which she serves as a local booster. Most
of all, however, she appreciates and enjoys her children, Deborah and her dear friend Sam, Jeffery and Robin, Jerald and Karen, Joel and
Carol, and Jan and all her grandchildren. She was truly moved to receive the honor of Aishet Hayil from the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
which she has always considered her second home.
Howie Wolpoff is no stranger to synagogue involvement. From a young age he was an active participant
at services in his hometown shul in Riverdale, New York. After his Bar Mitzvah, he began to serve as the
congregational Gabbai and was a frequent Torah reader. Jewish education was an integral part of Howie’s
childhood, attending S.A.R. Academy, Yeshiva University High School and Camp Ramah. He spent fourteen
summers in the Ramah system as a camper, counselor and Rosh Edah. Howie attended SUNY Albany, where
he received a B.A. in political science. In 2002, he earned his MBA from Fordham University and was
hired by the New York Mets organization, helping to launch their minor league baseball team, the Brooklyn
Cyclones. Howie and his wife Beth were married at the Jacksonville Jewish Center in 2004 and immediately
felt welcomed by the Center community. They joined the congregation upon their move to Jacksonville in 2007
and immediately, Howie began to get involved in the synagogue where his wife grew up. He was appointed to
the Board of Directors in 2008 and as chair of the Cemetery Committee. He also joined the Religious Committee and served as chair of the
Bar-Bat Mitzvah Sub-Committee. In 2009, he was asked to step in as Vice President of House. In this role he has worked with the house
committee to address all aspects of marketing and introduced the CenterVision message board in the Center lobby. He also worked on a
plan for the repairs of the Center building. Additionally, he serves as gabbai during Shabbat morning services. Howie shares this honor with
his wife Beth and his children Evan, Andrew and Emma.
Gayle Bailys was bom and raised in Cleveland, Ohio but for nearly 25 years has made the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and the greater Jewish community of Jacksonville a priority in her life. A graduate of Indiana University
with a bachelor’s degree in Health, Physical Education and Recreation, Gayle moved to Jacksonville in 1984.
She has served on the board of the River Garden Auxiliary and Jewish Family & Community Services and
spent two terms as River Garden Auxiliary president. While active in other parts of the Jacksonville community,
it is here at the Center, that Gayle has tmly made her home. She has chaired a number of initiatives and
committees, including the Annual Education Raffle and the very first Annual Golf Tournament. She has been
fiercely committed to the success of our Center Sisterhood, serving in numerous Vice President roles, chairing
several fundraising initiatives and recently completing a two year term as Sisterhood President.
Closest to her heart, however, is the time Gayle has spent working with the Center’s youth. She has served as Camp Director, Waterfront
Director and Director of the Sunday Sports Association basketball program for 13 years. She spent one year as the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School Development Director and was Recreation Director for thirteen years. For the last eleven years Gayle has made a lasting impression
on our youth and their families by serving as the JJC Youth Director. During her spare time, Gayle is an avid tennis player and enjoys
reveling in the achievements of her family. She has been happily married to her high school sweetheart for over 27 years. Gayle and David
have two wonderful sons, Jeremy and Richie, who were both educated at the Solomon Schechter (MJGDS) and celebrated their B’nai
Mitzvah and Confirmations at the Center. Gayle is touched to receive such a lovely honor from the place she cares so much about.
25
===== PAGE 28 =====
Committees & Organizations
KOLTRAIN
Koltrain (Kol in Hebrew means voice) is the official band of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Comprised of
only synagogue members, Koltrain gives our community the opportunity to see members of the congregation
in new ways. We have active Hebrew School and Day School parents who Jazz up every service they are a
part of, instilling a sense of Jewish pride in their children. Koltrain is an eclectic big band with an intimate
flavor. Koltrain combines new melodies with an instrumental service to bring in Shabbat in an interactive and
energetic way.
The group decided to branch out so the talents could be utilized throughout the Jewish calendar year. By
doing a rock service on Sunday mornings, Koltrain has also made it on to the world wide web via Youtube.
Koltrain has played for Sisterhood Luncheons, Pizza in the Hut, CJL events and most notably Jacksonville’s
World of Nations celebration. The Jacksonville Jewish Center would like to invite the entire community to
take a peak at the not-so-hidden gem of Koltrain. For further information regarding Koltrain and all of the
instrumental services at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, please contact Hazzan Jesse Holzer at jesse.holzer@
jaxjewishcenter.com
===== PAGE 29 =====
I
— Committees & Organizations —«
I
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
The Religious Life Community (RLC), under the competent guidance and leadership of Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner, continues to shape and guide the religious tone of the Jacksonville Jewish Center during the year
5772. In an effort to encourage the board’s mission of becoming a Kehillat Kesher, or connected community,
the RLC has helped support the clergy’s innovative service changes and additions, including a combined
Selichot service with Congregation Ahavath Chesed, a restructured second day of services on Rosh Hashanah,
and a kesher Purim service. The new Mahzor was successfully integrated into the High Holiday service.
Another welcome addition to our weekly Shabbat service was a transliteration of the Siddur, including music
for many of the new Shabbat tunes.
Many thanks to our tireless clergy, Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Olitzky and Hazzan Holzer, as well as to our
ritual director, Scott Zimmerman, for their many hours of devotion and service to our congregation. Thank
you, as well, to the involved members of the Religious Life Community who have given of their time,
insights and wisdom to benefit of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
2010-2012 Community Members
STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Lubliner CHAIR: -Beth Shorstein
Joette Anderson
Sheldon Gendzier
Bruce Horovitz
Marco Rand
Philip Bloom
Larry Goldberg
Mitch Levine
Avi Rubin
Bob Bossen
Phyllis Goldberg
Len Lipkin
Michael Schneider
Moti Demri
Ira Grann
Lenny Magid
Mark Shorstein
Michael DuBow
Michael Greenburg
Lenny Maiman
Harry Shmunes
Yakov Feig
Joe Honigman
Kim Miller
Karen Southall
Etta Fialkow
Wendy Honigman
Steven Mizrahi
Howie Wolpoff
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults, may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer
recited. Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It is
because of them that you can recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those who served as minyan captains during the past
year: Joette Anderson, Philip Bloom, Robert Bossen, Lenny Magid, Jack Mizrahi, Steven Mizrahi,
Marco Rand, Michael Schneider, Harry Shmunes, Edward Tannen, and Sandy Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week. Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce
Horovitz at 262-1087.
27
===== PAGE 30 =====
Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP
IpWllBipilBMIlM
===== PAGE 31 =====
Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
2010-2012 Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR - Etta Fialkow
STAFF LIAISON - Don Kriss
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
The Jacksonville Jewish Center’s
theme of this past year was Kehillat
Kesher, a “connected community.” We
on the membership committee serve
as the “host and hostess committee”
for the Center, inviting prospective
members to join, and then working to
make our new members, as well as our
existing members, feel connected and
welcomed.
There are many ways one can
become “connected” (or better
connected) at the Center. Here are just
a few that happened this past year:
One can connect at the JJC House
of Assembly [Beit Knesset] for simchas,
for anniversaries, for purposes of social
action, to enjoy the Yegelwel pool, for
Sisterhood and Men’s Club functions,
for book reviews, and other social
events. We assembled for the annual
Tiyul to Shul when we welcomed our
new Center members. We assembled at Purim with festivities that included the congregational Megillah
reading, as well as a Purim parody video, coffee and dessert bar, and a fun Purim carnival.
One can connect at the JJC House of Study [Beit Midrash] and connect with others in classes as basic
as Hebrew Literacy or Foundations of Judaism, for lessons in Jewish cooking and Jewish art, at the weekly
Talmud class or at our annual Safer Shabbaton. Many came to study at Family University.
One can connect at the JJC House of Prayer [Beit Tefillah] whether it be Shabbat morning services,
holiday services, or our daily minyan that is held twice a day. New and innovative ways have been introduced
into a variety of services. Kehillat Kesher Services were offered the second day of Rosh Hashanah and the
Shabbat before Thanksgiving. A late Friday night service has been added for the first Shabbat each month.
KolTrain brings in musical instruments for an upbeat, uplifting Kabbalat Shabbat Service. Healing services
as well as Shabbat Meditation have also been attended by many.
By welcoming, greeting, hosting or even just visiting with other members, new or existing, we are all
participating in creating a connected community!
Joette Anderson
Jeanine Hoff
Robin Morris
Shirley Bielski
Jen Katz
Todd Morse
Yefim Brunfon
Bob Keyser
Penny Powell
Raymond Cohen
Polina Koropova
Jami Shapiro
Nancy Davis
Dorri Kraus
Beth Shorstein
Moti Demri
Carolyn Krestul
Ann Silke
Helen DuBow
Christina Levine
Maura Silverstein
Carole Feldman
Sue Levine
Francine Smith
Marv Feldman
Amy Levenson
Tom Spriggs
Dina Fetner
Lenny Maiman
Edward Tannen
Marilyn Garber
Bob Markowitz
Heather Thurston
Vicki Gatewood
Linda Markowitz
Joana Thurston
Phyllis Goldberg
Kim Miller
Cindy Wohl
Lynda Gridley
Rachel Morganthal
Esther Yegelwel
Marc Grosse
Aliza Morris
29
===== PAGE 32 =====
The Jewish Community Foundation
of Northeast Florida
What will your legacy be?
A bequest in your Will to the Jacksonville Jewish Center
can inspire future generations, educate children, provide for elderly,
and assure our rich Jewish heritage and traditions continue.
Those that came before us built this community.
How do you want to be remembered?
create a jewish
LEGACY
NORTHEAST FLORIDA
Create Your Jewish Legacy
Please remember the Center and the Jewish
community in your Will and estate planning.
Our Jewish Community Foundation is here to help
structure a personal legacy plan that is meaningful to you.
Create A Jewish Legacy is a program of the Jewish Federations of North America
and is sponsored and presented by the Jewish Community Foundation of Northeast Florida, Inc. in partners with:
BETKSL
.'The ‘Oeafñv.x tyuuycya#
Lite C.haim
Synagogue
JCA |
Jewish PP
Jewish
Community
Alliance
mm „
MMILY&
COMMUNITY
M&VICÍS
S«| JACKSONVILLE —J\
TS! JEWISH O
l><JCENTER
JACKSONVILLE
JEWISH FEDERATION
uve Generously* Jewish Community
Federation
River Garden
E*e«¡t«nc» ¡n AM Care t*4 S«r**ea
Congregation
Ahavath Chesed
For a confidential, no obligation conversation please contact us at:
Phone: 904.394.0720 • Fax: 904.394.0956 • P.O. Box 24847 # Jacksonville, FL 32241
www.iewishfoundationnefi.org • www.createaiewishiegacviax.org
Become our fan on Facebook • Visit us on YouTube “Celebration CJL”
Broadcast Yourself
30
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 33 =====
fr— Committees & Organizations —4
HESED COMMUNITY
The Hesed Committee’s mission is to offer help and comfort to our Center families during challenging times.
Hesed Committee members help Center members who are ill or have lost a loved one by sending get-well cards
and condolence cards, making phone calls, and occasionally visiting. The committee also provides transportation
to doctors or other places for those who cannot drive as well as provide meals to new mothers and families in need.
2010-2012 Committee Members
CHAIRS - Beth Shorstein and Helen Shacter STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Lubliner
Judy Arroyo
Rhoda Goldstein
Rachel Morgenthal
Rafael Arroyo
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Robin Morris
Jennifer DeBardeleben
Edith Horovitz
Penny Powell
Bob Bossen
Marcia Howard
Andy Raitt
Naomie Bossen
Marceile Karstaedt
Robin Rand
Debbie Charpiat
Sylvia Lubliner
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Jack Mizrahi
Karen Southall
GREEN TEAM
STAFF LIAISON - Lori Schoettler
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is fast becoming “Greener”. Many initiatives have begun from recycling, to
gardening, to re-using building materials. We are looking forward to a great year full of Eco-Friendly spiritual
messages, fun events for everyone to participate in and workshops to learn more about what we can all do to be
more conscientious about our Earth.
With the help of the GreenFaith Organization, we are working on achieving our “Green Certification”. GreenFaith
is a green movement that inspires, educates and mobilizes people of diverse religious backgrounds for environmental
leadership. They believe that protecting the earth is a religious value, and that environmental stewardship is a moral
responsibility.
Three core values defining the organization are:
Spirit: People grow spiritually through a strong relationship with the earth.
Stewardship: Consumption habits can help heal and restore the earth.
Justice: All people deserve a healthy environment, regardless of their race or income.
In addition to GreenFaith’s mission, the Green Team prepared their own. Our mission’s core value is Tikkun
Olam: repairing or perfecting the world. We hope to impact the Jacksonville Jewish Center Community through
the education and exploration of responsible environmental ethics and practices.
If you are interested in getting involved with the Green Team please email jjcgreenteam2011@gmail.com or
visit us on our blog atjjcgreenteam.wordpress.com ^
GreenFaith
Certification Program
===== PAGE 34 =====
►- Committees & Organizations -4
SOCIAL ACTION
The mission of the Social Action Community
(SAC) is to encourage congregant participation in
Tikkun Olam, repairing the world. The goal of the
community to create local projects to assist those in
need. The Social Action Community aims to make
community service a defining part of our Jacksonville
Jewish experience on a daily basis, in every
interaction, and in everything we do.
We held our 1st Annual Community Service
Day, A Mitzvah Day of Spruce-Up at the Center on
Sunday, June 12, 2011, with over 75 congregants who
rolled up their sleeves and participated in projects
around the building including painting, ritual repair
and landscaping. In the upcoming year we plan to
hold a Sulzbacher Coat Drive, continue the High
Holiday food drive, and participate in preparing and
serving meals at the Sulzbacher Center. SAC will
be collaborating wherever possible with all of the
Center’s schools and organizations. We have also
inaugurated a new S AC-initiated Center Youth Corps,
which invites all of our youth to participate.
It is our hope that volunteers will connect to one
another through rich community service experiences
that will be meaningful and long-lasting.
2011-2012 Committee Members
CHAIR - Margie Aretz
STAFF LIAISON
- Rabbi Olitzky
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Rebecca Appel
Naida Gould
Jeff Marks
Shylie Armón
Judy Greenfield
Karen Morse
Jesse Bannon
Jaime Kaufman
Trudy Morse
Arlene Faracchio
Marty Kaufman
Ira Peck
Rebecca Fixel
Mimi Kaufman
Harry Peltz
Beth Fleet
Dorri Kraus
Shaina Plotkin
Gail Furman
Bradley Levine
Lita Poehlman
Debbie Goldstein
Mark Levine Jeanine Rogozinski
Rhoda Goldstein
Sylvia Lubliner
Beth Shorstein
Neil Gordon
Andrea Mail
Lara Werwa
32
===== PAGE 35 =====
¡iiiiiii - -HP
>- Communities & Organizations
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
2010-2011 Committee Members
CHAIR - Kim Miller
STAFF LIAISON - Lois Tompkins
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Sandi Driben Dorri Kraus
Lea Gabbay Karen Morse
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch Susan Neadle
When I accepted the role as Chairperson for the
Adult Education Community I was excited about the
opportunity. As I often do when faced with exciting
projects that require serious attention, I approached it
with an artistic view. I began to look at Adult Education
as a tree. We must have many branches reaching into
the vast sky and seeking light and fresh air, we must be
sure to have deep planted roots that provide us with the
water and earth to grow strong. I believe that education
requires balance with our environment. I was very
blessed with my task to have been given responsibility of a tree that has very firm and solid roots. My tree’s roots were
firmly grounded by Lois Tompkins, my Adult Education Coordinator, and the very strong roots of Rabbi Lubliner and
Hazzan Holzer, who have all provided outstanding clergy programming that have been enlightening and steep in our
Judaic heritage and traditions. I have also been blessed with a wonderful committee of members who have worked hard
this year and assisted with their ideas and commitment to our community.
Our clergy offered many informative classes in Torah Study, Talmud, Music and Liturgy, as well as current events.
We offered a monthly film series, Hebrew reading and conversation classes, trope class, and a look at historical documents
with Rabbi Hirsch. Cooking classes with Catrina, Margo and Andrew of Margo’s amazing catering staff were fun and
informative. We sponsored the Congregational Shavuot program and recognized our newest Jews by Choice on the
second day of Shavuot.
The annual Marilyn & Louis Safer Shabbaton had a wonderful speaker: Rabbi Jeffrey Salkin. He wowed many of our
congregants with his engaging topics on the new popularity of Kabbalah on Friday evening, the Jewish response to our
economic crisis on Saturday and educating parents and community on the importance of Bar/Bat Mitzvah celebrations
on Sunday morning.
I look forward to the coming year in Adult Education. I also take this opportunity to invite you to join us in our
pursuit to provide exciting educational programs for our Congregation.
Wishing you a sweet, peaceful and healthy new year.
Shana Tova,
Kimberly Miller
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
►- Communities & Organizations ~4
Sisterhood
and Women’s League:
A partnership enriching
Jewish women worldwide
We have a commitment
Lto the continuing
Jewish education of our
members through classes
and programs.
fj We have
JceM/r^
0 • Pi
JUv<
Perpetuate Jewish
£ tradition and
observance in your home,
synagogue and community.
Make your voice heard
fj . fj as part of the
yC/l/NP' largest synagogue-
based women’s
organization in the world.
Hejp us strive to repair
£ the world.
===== PAGE 37 =====
Communities & Organizations ~4
WHAT A YEAR IN SISTERHOOD!
Center Sisterhood had
such a great year in 5771!
We got things rolling
with a program teaching
us to take the stress out of
our lives and kept going
through the year with
a Torah Fund Brunch
featuring JTS graduate
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
and Kol Train. In the
spring we took a look
back at our history with
a lunch honoring our Past
Presidents and the visit
by the hosts of First Coast Living was quite a highlight of
our year.
Sisterhood women were mitzvah mavens. We
provided games for kids through the Malvai Washington
Foundation, Best Buddies, the Davis Performing group,
Girls Inc., Wolfson Children’s Hospital, and the Center
Day Camp. We also donated food for the JFCS F.A.N.N.
Food Pantry, books through Books a Go Go, and toiletries
for the Children’s Home Society.
Lara Werwa
Sisterhood President
We continue to offer financial support to the Youth
Department, Religious School and Camp Scholarships.
Sisterhood debuted a fresh take on education with Hot
Topic, an opportunity to look at current events through a
Jewish lens.
Center Sisterhood women have a history of leadership
at the highest levels of Women’s League for Conservative
Judaism and this year was no exception as Phyllis Goldberg
was installed at the Biennial Convention as an International
Vice President, Barbara Safer as an International Board
member, and Lara Werwa as International Z’havah Co-
Chair.
At that same convention, our Sisterhood was presented
with the Jewels in the Crown award recognizing the
programs and community engagement of our Sisterhood
during Gayle Bailys’ presidency.
Sisterhood women know that when you need
friendship, togetherness and support, or education
opportunities, Sisterhood is the place to go.
We hope you are ready to join us for a fabulous 5772!
2011-2012 OFFICERS
Whether you are looking for avenues of self
President
Membership
exploration, strengthening your family, our
Lara Werwa
Vice Presidents
synagogue and our schools, or just want to
Rachel Morgenthal
have a little fun...we have a place for you at the
Education Vice President
and Jen Katz
Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood.
Kim Glasgal
Treasurer
Program Vice President
Marla Lewis
Rhoda Goldstein
Financial Secretary
Torah Fund
Stevie Levine
Past Presidents Council
Vice Presidents
Sybil Ansbacher, Gayle Bailys, Shirley Bielski,
Cindy Wohl and
Recording Secretary
Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Estelle Kritz
Jen Goldman
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Youth Vice President
Corresponding Secretary
Annetta Komblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock,
Faye Mizrahi
Lita Poehlman
Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg,
Maxine Romo, Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler,
Ways and Means
Vice Presidents
Social Secretary
Kathy Stark
Shirley Schinasi, Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott
Jeanine Hoff
35
===== PAGE 38 =====
Communities & Organizations -I
36
===== PAGE 39 =====
Communities & Organizations -<
CENTER MEN’S CLUB - 5772
Neil Gordon
Center Men’s Club President
“Involving Jewish
Men in Jewish Life”
The Jacksonville
Jewish Center Men’s
Club is an organization
dedicated to the
enrichment of Center
life and the Jacksonville
Jewish community. The
Men’s Club provides
an opportunity for our
Center men to work
together supporting,
sponsoring, and
participating in programs
“Involving Jewish Men in
that bring meaning to our slogan,
Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international organization
dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center
participation have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and
Honorable Mention Torch Awards from FJMC in years past,
and our Yad Shel Chai program is now being implemented in
Men’s Clubs across the nation. We participate in a wide range
of FJMC programs and activities such as distributing Yellow
Holocaust Memorial candles so that every congregant can
honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and
World Wide Wrap which brings together congregants, clergy
and Center youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the
mitzvah of wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life)
and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize our youth
for reading Torah in our synagogue services and building on
the success of the Yad Shel Chai program, we have introduced
the Chaizman Trophy program to encourage continuing
participation in prayer leadership. The Men’s Club Martin
J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to one
Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life
commitment necessary to bring a quality learning experience
to Jewish children. We provide a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th
graders that complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and
raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend
Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who
otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well as
our regional Jewish community. Our members regularly
get together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball,
touch football games or perform community service
activities. Over the years, we have gone on deep sea fishing
trips, provided opportunities to meet with local Jewish
celebrities, and have had family outings to the Jacksonville
Suns baseball games and other local community sporting
events. In the Fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party
features fun, food, raffles and the opportunity to schmooze
with friends while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play
an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Throughout the year, Men’s Club members help with
Sukkot, Purim and Lag B’Omer programs. We lead and
participate in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces
Shabbat. We are your children’s teachers, your community
volunteers and your spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at
least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community. I firmly believe that the Center
Men’s Club offers something for
everyone. So come on out and
join us for an activity this year. I
think you’ll enjoy supporting our
Jacksonville Jewish community
and spending quality time with
other guys just like you!
2011-2012 MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
Neil Gordon
Vice President
Harry Peltz
Secretary
Mark Levine
Treasurer
Allan Andrew
Board Members
Moti Demri
Steve Gross
Mike Herring
Devon Rubin
Dave Schmerer
Bruce Stark
Brent Trager
Dan Wohl
Past Presidents
Dan Wohl
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
With Sincere Appreciation
We Wish Our Customers
A Happy New Year
HALA
CAFE & BAKERY
Mid-East Cuisine
Hala Cafe & Bakery
4323 S. University Blvd.
733-1855
Hala Cafe Mandarin
9735 St. Augustine Rd.
288-8890
Call us for all your cleaning needs.
You never know when the unexpected
will happen.
Carpet Cleaning....Tile Floor
Cleaning....Wood Floor
Cleaning....Furniture & Drapery
Cleaning
^roceáá ifílaáter, Stic
Family owned and operated for over 30 years.
(904) 725-0440
BUY LOW - SELL HIGH!
o
Tired of the same old advice?
Let us show you how Alternative Investments and the latest techniques in Professional
Money Management can properly position your portfolio for optimal performance.
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Balotin’s - Scott, Ellen, Casey, and Parker
Sign up for our free newsletter at:
newsletter(dj,dissercapital. com
#%%%
%%
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Advisor
(904) 730-7442 direct • (866) 730-7442 toll-free
scott@diggercapital.com
www.DiggerCapital.com
38
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 41 =====
Committees & Organizations —■»
BOY SCOUT TROOP 14
Every year is a great year for
troop #14 of the North Florida
Council, the only Jewish Troop in
Northeast Florida. As it enters its
ninety-second year, it continues to
be a vibrant part of youth activities
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
All campouts begin with Friday
night services, with lighting of
the Shabbat candles, and continue
with services on Saturday morning.
Scouts learn not only outdoor
skills, like camping and hiking,
but also leadership skills, and
the importance of service to our
community.
We are open to all young males
between the age of 11 and 18 years
who are interested in adventure.
Please contact Jeff Sandler for
more information.
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
¡El ~ Iffl
Serving the Jacksonville community for over 35 years!
Proud to be the Exclusive Caterer for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
“Simple to Elegant, Affordable for All”
*Bris / Baby Namings * Bar/Bat Mitzvahs * Weddings * Shiva Meals
*Delicious Meals to Go for Shabbat, Holidays or all Special Events
*Corporate Events and Box Lunches
*Private Residence Special Events
(Full catering, self pickup or drop off)
*Off premise Kosher catering always available
Cakes and uUo/te by Cat/iina
* Birthdays *Anniversaries *Bar / Bat Mitzvahs * Wedding Cakes
Call us today to make your special event truly special!
268-4200 ext. 142 or 130
m argoscaterinaCdaol. com www. m argoskosh ercatering. com
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with Wonderful Celebrations
Under the Strict Kashrut Supervision of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
i If
40
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 43 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Joel Sebastian
Zapen Douglass
November 21, 2009
Parents:
Jeremy & Rebecca Douglass
Grandparents:
Lois & Dale Gosa
Talia Shay Shmunes
October 22, 2010
Parents:
Kim & Adam Shmunes
Grandparents:
Joni & Harry Shmunes
Joshua Toby Solomon
September 12, 2010
Parents: Kenney & Amy Solomon
Grandparents:
Steve and Anita Solomon
Rabbi Merrill & Robyn Shapiro
Great Grandmother: Leah Solomon
Cayla Penina Olitzky
October 24, 2010
Parents:
Rabbi Jesse & Andrea Olitzky
Andi Charlotte Shapiro
Sept 23,2010
Parents:
Craig & Sandy Shapiro
Grandparents:
Etta Fialkow &
Robert Drashin
Emma Zoe Wolpoff
November 4, 2010
Parents:
Beth & Howie Wolpoff
Grandparents:
Chary & Michael Greenburg
Impreggtons
1957 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD
JACKSONVILLE
396-6195
CRANE
PERSONALIZED
STATIONERY & INVITATIONS
CALLIGRAPHY
WEDDING INVITATIONS
& ANNOUNCEMENTS
BAR & BAT MITZVAH INVITATIONS
BIRTH ANNOUNCEMENTS
RANDEE STEINBERG SHARI SAYE
impressionssanmarco .com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
CHSTB*nESI6MH>
■Mgp
^NVHAlioNS BYJ
award winninfdesigner/illustrator
UNIQUELY DESIGNED JUST FOR YOUR
■Bar/Bat Mitzvah «Wedding
■Anniversary «Engagement
■Birth Announcement
and Other Special Occasions
WANT TO KNOW MORE? CALL
RAYMOND COHEN 904-737-8645
email: raycohen@bellsouth.net
TUmbli
Qgmnaoticó, ThunMing ¿L &itne¿ó
cía¿>óe¿ fxvc JCidó
Ga£t fox ViiaJL cíctóó.
C£oóó Space ia Limited
Clge 16 month to
£jtementcvig School CLgc
TBvUhdag S^cvUied availaMe
Conveniently located in Julington Creek area off Race Track Rd.
next to Mark Spivak’s Dance Extension
For schedule and forms please visit
ma rks pi vakx o m
Discount applied to Mark Spivak’s Institute & Dance Extension students
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
230-6291/230-7778
rnaRk spfoak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Mornings & Nights All Levels - 3 to Adult
BALLET * POINTE Preschool Combo Classes • GYMNASTICS
CHARACTER for 3-5 year olds • ACROBATICS
JAZZ • TAP ^ *s. _ r, • CHEER BANCE
HIP HOP-MODERN
PRIVATE CLASSES
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos. - 2V2 yrs. old
SUMMER CAMP
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
MANDARIN
268-3583
3740 San Jose Place
Behind Long John Silver’s
JULINGTON CREEK PLANTATION
230-7778
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
Corner -Racetrack & Flora Branch
FRUIT COVE
287-4619
445 N. State Rd. 13,1/2 mile
south of Julington Creek Bridge
42
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 45 =====
BABIES
Nathan Lawrence Sarnat
December 8, 2010
Parents:
Natalie & Jon Sarnat
Grandparents:
Rose & Stanley Konter
Noa Sylvia Stember
December 15, 2010
Parents: Shira & Doron Stember
Grandparents:
Robin & Jeffery Morris
Great Grandmothers:
Sonya Morris & Bess Saliman
Jack Vann Jones
December 18, 2010
Parents:
Meagan & Stephen Jones
Grandparents:
Susan & Norman Cohen
Alexander Miles Cohen
February 13, 2011
Parents:
Pam & Jonathon Cohen
Grandparents:
Susan & Norman Cohen
Maya Rose Rand
March 7,2011
Parents:
Dafna & Douglas Rand
Grandparents:
Robin & Marco Rand
Mayer Russell McNett
March 10, 2011
Parents:
Billie & Ben McNett
• Funtastik
Certified Mohel -bsw
?\ Balloons
Rabbi IsraelJ. Barzak
Creative Bai/oon Décor
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
Weddings & Adversaries ^ «pp|
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ,
Corporate & Social Events ¡¡;
Proms & School Dances r'v * «jgp
118 Willow Bend Une NájJ Tel: 386-673-5535
Family & Class Reunions L||||l
Ormond Beach, FL 32174 Fax: 386-671-2613
425-7300
www.floridamohel.com
www.funtastikbaIIoons.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
StHEfuOlsSfc
RENTALS, LLC
PHONE 904-739-1312
FAX 904-731-9127
SALES@KIRByTENTJAX.COM
8051 BAYBERRY ROAD
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
WWW.KIRBYTENT.COM
TENTS
TABLES
CHAIRS
LINEN
CATERING
EQUIPMENT
&
MORE
jj¥e buy gold at market price
^Watch repair, jewelry repair
• Custom designers, appraisers
É MM
HI Wf ’UAl
22
& Service Rolex
EWELERS
'“Family Jewelers Since 1972”
PONTEVEDRA
355 Marsh Landing Pkwy
MANDARIN
9825 San Jose Blvd.
FRUIT COVE
450 State Road 13N.
AVENUES MALL
(Near JC Penney’s)
(904) 280-7700
(904) 268-7975
(904) 287-0035
(904) 683-2274
www.esplingjewelers.com
90 DAYS SAME AS CASH
more fashion, less price
*
A :
Brand name
fashion at
discount prices
up to 60% off
department store
prices, every day
Lakewood I Roosevelt I Mandarin I Beaches
Baymeadows I Harbour Village
1-888-Stein Mart I www.steinmart.com
44
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
T rcrr'vr'r 17 17x717íKinrQ
L/Irül> X LLÜ ±h V Ül\ 1 d
BABIES
Jerry Mordecai Muzin
March 18,2011
Parents:
Andrea & Nicolas Muzin
Great Grandmother:
Rose Goldberg
Lyla Grace Frisch
March 30, 2011
Parents:
Meredith & Mark Frisch
Grandparents: Pat & Ben Frisch
Great Grandparents:
Lilo & Harry Frisch
Isaac Philip Rush
April 29, 2011
Parents:
Beth & Leif Rush
Ella Paige Siegel
July 27, 2011
Parents:
Alyssa & Matthew Siegel
Grandparents:
Arlene & Jerry Rademan
Shayna Yvette Hassid
July 30, 2011
Parents:
Jessica & Victor Hassid
Grandparents:
Kathy & Morrie Osterer
C AT E RIIM <3 R Y
MMMHi
9 19 King Street
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
904.387 1955
Fax 904.3B7.2 1D3
CATERINGBYl_IZ.COM
ENTERTAINMENT
Bar/Bat Mitzvah’s, Weddings & The Love Story
Anyone Can Play Music, We Entertain!
(904) 880-7887
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
Event Planning • Audio Visual • Tents
Video Production • Event Photography
Floral Design • Decor Props • Tradeshows ■fsj
Casino Parties • Interactive Games c "
Video Conferencing • Entertainment
Linens • Tables & Chairs • Dance Floors
904.398.8179 • 1819 Kings Ave Jacksonville Florida 32207
46
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
I
Lifecycle Events
I
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Jessie Friedman
October 8 & 9, 2010
Daughter of
Nancy and Doug Friedman
Martin Cohen
November 5 & 6, 2010
Son of
Sharon and Joel Cohen
Brooke Sapolsky
January 21 & 22, 2011
Daughter of
Wendy and Jeff Sapolsky
Grandparents:
Dorothy and Harry Verstandig
Michael Appel
October 15 & 16, 2010
Son of
Caren and Larry Appel
Jakob Leanard Pollan
December 3 & 4, 2010
Son of
Sandy Pollan and Irv Pollan
Grandmother: Jean Weinberg
Joel Cohen
January 28 & 29, 2011
Son of
Sonya and David Cohen
October 22 & 23, 2010
Daughter of
Melissa Miller and Scott Miller
Grandfather: Howard Roey
Eli Mizrahi
January 14 & 15, 2011
Son of
Faye and Steven Mizrahi
Grandparents:
Judy B. Mizrahi and the late David Mizrahi
Steven Lazar Finker
May 27 & 28, 2011
Son of
Raissa and Lazar Finker
47
===== PAGE 50 =====
Experience Your Event
■ With your purchase of $1500 or more in
services with mention of this ad.
I, d j ‘
904-398-9971
www.mugwumpproductionsxom
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Weddings
Casino Parties
Themed Events
Props & Decor
A/V Support
liv'r Hwist
Mobile Mixology
Complete leverage Catering
Weddings • ParMitzvahs • Corporate ¿¿ Private Parties
We Provide Pars, bartenders
Mixers, Qlassware <£ AH Supplies
241-6858
I Aveiiwe Ml
©felúes, Margarife.
Úg9\ml mr ftmft a.Zc<
teN Drams: 1
as, Baiguiris, efee.l
9hsl avaiZafeZe
www.oliv'rtwist.com
48
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Eliza Israel
August 5, 2010
Jerusalem, Israel
Parents:
Kim and Jon Israel
Grandmother:
Leslie Held
Rachel Mizrahi
August 5, 2010
Jerusalem, Israel
Parents:
Betsy and Dennis Mizrahi
Grandparents:
Judy B. Mizrahi and
the late David Mizrahi
Jack Gare
June 20, 2011
Jerusalem, Israel
Parents:
Karen and Henry
Gare
Grandmother:
liana Manasse
Jenna Levin
June 20, 2011
Jerusalem, Israel
Parents:
Samantha and
Michael Levin
Grandparents:
Joan and Ronnie
Levin
Matthew Herman
June 20, 2011
Jerusalem, Israel
Parents:
Risa and Stuart
Herman
Grandparents:
Joan and Ronnie
Levin
Jake Fetner
June 20, 2011
Jerusalem, Israel
Parents:
Dina and Howard
Fetner
Grandparents:
Joan and Ronnie
Levin
(904) 448-3347
WE BUY muh SIEVE B AMP- PE
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
iPexAúruds fhyuáte
Whatever you dream up,
we’CCmake it a reafityl
904 268-7022
110 Cumberland Park #108
(Located off County Rd. 210)
Susan@AFantasyinFlowers.com
www.f antasyflowers j ax.com
www.AFantasyinFlowers.com
Jacksonville's most
trusted photographer
PHOTOART
for all your personal & business needs
Mitzvahs
www.HighDefinitionPhotography.com
50
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 53 =====
T JWi^Vi^T 17 Pl/l7\rTC
JLjJL Jl Jlj v> X JLj v JljA V X *3
WEDDINGS
liana Amber Yergin and David Ari Doniger
January 30, 2010
Married in Ponte Vedra Beach, FL
Parents: Cathy and Bruce Yergin
Jennifer Feder and Aaron Bobb
August 1, 2010
Married in Pittsburgh, PA
Grandparents:
Pearl Marton and the late Hazzan Abraham Marton
i
#
' Jr t # v ;*jr ■
# *»
l ml
• Catering
BEACHVIEW
event rentals & design
Jacksonville, FL 904-381-8877
Brunswick, GA 912-280-9020
www.beachview.net
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
Flower s)
3802 Beach Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32207
SINCE 1947
904 398-8601
All Major Credit Cards Accepted
WWW.KUHNFLOWERS.COM
ver 500 stores nationwide offer you
the biggest selection at the lowest prices!
Party Supplies, Party Favors, Balloons & Helium, Cards, Invitations,
Gift Wrap, Seasonal Decorations, Catering Supplies,
Costume Shop Open Year ’Round
Open 7 Days • 6 Nights
11112-12 San Jose Blvd. 9400 Atlantic Blvd. 6001-29 Argyle Forest Blvd.
262-2800 425-3124 262-2800
52
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
WEDDINGS
Erica Mack and Mark Gottlieb
August 15, 2010
Married in New York
Parents: Elaine and Richard Mack
Grandparents: Anita and Jack Dittman
Casie Zimmerman and Jared Davidson
June 18,2011
Married in New Orleans, LA
Parents: Suzanne and Scott Zimmerman
Grandparents: Mary and Walter Beissinger
Sara Richman and Brian Binder
July 31, 2011
Married in Jacksonville, FL
Parents: Deena and Jim Richman
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE DWAYNE MOORE
President Vice President
Florida’s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
southernmonument@bellsouth.net
54
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
Burial and Mourning
CENTER CEMETERY
The Center owns and maintains three cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen Cemetery
in North Jacksonville. Both are open until 5 pm every day except Shabbat and Jewish
holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to Winona Street.
Make a right on Winona Street and go until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the
left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make
a right on 43rd Street. The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
The Cemetery Committee will now manage the Beth Shalom cemetery location at
Evergreen Cemetery. To get there, enter through Gate 5 off of Winona Street and take the
red brick road to the right, which is Magnolia Avenue. At the top, as the bricks end, take
the road on the right. Follow and bear to the left onto Cummer Drive and take it until it
ends (.4 miles). The Beth Shalom cemetery will be on your right.
The cemetery committee has been hard at work to maintain the grounds of the
cemeteries. Over the course of the coming year, you will see work done to enhance the
landscaping and the creation of a parking area in the second section. Additionally, we
will unveil a function through the Center’s website to access maps and information about
burial location at all locations.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the memory
wall located in the Hannah Setzer Memorial Hall, and a tribute in the annual Yizkor
booklets. You can also learn more about purchasing individual and family plots at the New
Center Cemetery. Details are available in the Center office. Additionally, contributions
can be made to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations
will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 2010-2012
CHAIRPERSON
Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON
Don Kriss
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 2010-2012
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President / Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
55
===== PAGE 58 =====
HARD A GE-GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOMES
AND CEMETERIES
Serving the Jewish Community in
accordance with Jewish Law,
with separate Tahara facilities
for the Jewish Community.
904-346-3808
4115 Hendricks Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida
FLORIDA
WILBERT, INC.
Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
and Other Fine Burial Products
5050 New Kings Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
765-2641
q-l ' Lp
Contact the Center office or view the
Center's website to learn more about
purchasing family or individual plots
at
Jacksonville Jewish Center Memorial Park
and
Beth Shalom Cemetery
904-292-1000
www.jaxjewishcenter.com/cemetery.html
^1 _
,4 %
wm m
...o , ¿K-. >■ -
' í
It happens. Suddenly cemetery
arrangements have to be made
and no one knows what his loved
one “would have wanted.” Then,
the arguing begins. You can prevent
this happening to your family by
calling Evergreen Cemetery today.
Sometimes
keeping the peace
means planning
ahead.
For over 100 years, Evergreen has
been helping Jacksonville families
plan ahead with a variety of
cemetery products, services and
payment options. Help keep the
peace in your family. Come in or
call Evergreen Cemetery today.
C E t e r y
Evergreen Cemetery 4535 Main Street, Jacksonville,FL 32206 353-3649
56
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
DEARLY DEPARTED
*
Eunice Gross
August 11, 2010
Molly Serota-Shapiro
December 15,2010
Helene Sherter Baker
March 13,2011
Shirley Cohen
June 20,2011
Anne Rubenstein
August 12, 2010
Selma Nodell
December 22, 2010
Roselyn Selber
March 24,2011
Terry Kanner
June 20,2011
Jennifer Rutansky
September 5, 2010
Myrtle Goldblatt
December 23,2010
Marvin Cohn
April 4,2011
Bernard Marks
July 1,2011
Kathryn Hackel
October 8, 2010
Bernard Mallow
December 28, 2010
Laurie Sandler Bonanno
April 7,2011
Martin Weiss
July 6,2011
Eugene Michelson
October 8,2010
Amy Smith
January 3,2011
Bessie Setzer Lipsky
April 17,2011
Ilse Gottlieb
July 8, 2011
Terri Proctor
October 31,2010
Michelle Levitt
January 7, 2011
Wilbur Margol
April 26,2011
Rebecca Fannie Haim
July 31,2011
Myrna Spiwak
November 8,2010
Irvine Kowitz
January 10,2011
Nasim Vul
May 4,2011
Herman Miller
August 2,2011
Calie Loss
November 8,2010
Arnold Goodman
January 19,2011
Lillie Sorkin
May 7, 2011
Marcia Selmanoff
August 3,2011
Lillian Friedman
November 18,2010
Marsha Pozin
January 24, 2011
Mort Heller
June 6,2011
Florence Rosenblatt
November 22,2010
Laurette Sussman
February 15,2011
Anne Wieder
June 7,2011
Bernard Shainbrown
November 27, 2010
Sylvia Stayer
February 28,2011
Joann Arinsberg
June 9,2011
*As of August 15, 2011
Northside
4747 Main Street
Jacksonville, FL 32206
Phone 355-9545
and g>mt
Funeral Homes
George H. Hewell II
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
Southside
4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 737-4855
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
57
===== PAGE 60 =====
We Are At Your Service
Barry Goldstein • Linda Goldstein
Scott Goldstein • Eric Hall • Eric Ramshaw
SPECIALIZING IN
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
A WINNING TEAM
THAT PRODUCES RESULTS!
Experienced, Knowledgeable, and
A Proven Performance Record
Sales • Leasing • Management
Consulting • Acquisitions
Income & Investment Properties
GOLDSTEIN
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, INC.
Licensed Real Estate Broker
3753-1 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Telephone 367-0009 • Fax (904) 367-0220
S E C U R
FORMERLY
■westec
SECURITY
SECURITY A COMMUNICATIONS A AUDIO/VIDEO
LIGHTING CONTROL ASTRUCTURED WIRING A CCTV
ACCESS CONTROLACENTRAL VACACONNECTED HOME
since 1968
one mission “Quality”
sales • service • install
1714 Cesery Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
FL: (904) 743-8444 GA: (912) 264-8679
Fax: (904) 743-8466
LIC. EF0001226
LIC. LU405163
NEED HELP MANAGING YOUR MEDICAL BILLS
AND INSURANCE CLAIMS PAPERWORK?
We track claims, review medical bills for accuracy,
follow-up with providers & insurance companies,
tell you when to pay bills and appeal rejected claims.
We also file claims if your provider does not file them.
“Kv 904-733-2525
SECURITY
OF AMERICA
The Health Insurance Claim Filing Experts
3926 San Jose Pk Dr.
Jacksonville, FL 32217
NATIONWIDE CLIENTELE SINCE 1989
Call Today For Peace of Mind Tomorrow!
Harvey and Carol Matoren
info@claims-security.com
www.claims-security.com
58
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Elayne and Marty Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
Í .
— I ■ I ■ I■ MUM ■
59
===== PAGE 62 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Milton Hecht' ’’ Stuart Hecht'"
Sylvia, Larry, Rose
Benjamin, Jacob
Rozie, Faye & Dan
60
===== PAGE 63 =====
In Loving Memory
Janice Meisel-'
A Devoted Wife, Mother
Daughter and Friend
You will live in our hearts forever.
Mother Doreen Goodman
Husband Steve
Children Deborah and Michael
In Memoriam
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Helene and Daniel Pollan
A wise woman who was traveling in the mountains
found a precious stone in a stream. The next
day she met another traveler who was hungry,
and the wise woman opened her bag to share
her food. The hungry traveler saw the precious
stone and asked the woman to give it to him.
She did so without hesitation.
The traveler left rejoicing in his good fortune. He
knew the stone was worth enough to give him
security for a lifetime. But, a few days later, he
came back to return the stone to the wise woman.
“I’ve been thinking,” he said.
“I know how valuable this stone is, but I give it
back in the hope that you can give me something
even more precious. Give me what you have within
you that enabled you to give me this stone.”
Arthur, Loretta, Adina and Adria
Irving, Sandy, Jakob and Rebekah
Stephen
Edward, Lynette, Jason and Megan
62
===== PAGE 65 =====
In Memory of
His Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott, Maureen
Reid, Suzette, Ryan, Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie, Mathew & Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Stan Cohen
Lance Cohen
Beloved Son
and Brother
Devoted
Husband and Father
You will always be loved, missed and in our hearts forever.
Nancy, Brian and Miri
===== PAGE 66 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father, grandfather
great-grandfather and friend.
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett and Rachel
In Loving Memory of
Norman P. Freedman
Beloved Husband, Father and Grandfather.
‘There are stars up above, so far away we only
see their light long, long after the star itself is
gone. And so it is with people that we loved;
their memories keep shining ever brightly
though their time with us is done. ”
Carol, Michael, Karen, Barney
Grace and Hope Freedman
64
===== PAGE 67 =====
In Memoriam
1
In Loving Memory of
S. William “Bill” Goldstein
A very special husband, father and grandfather.
Beverly Goldstein
Jeffrey & Doris Goldstein
Ellen, Max & Aliza
Nancie & Mark Severs
Aaron, David, Noah & Sumalai
Janet Goldstein & lian
Lynn & Lenny Maiman
Faye, Neil & Elana
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elyne Moss
Rosanne, Andy
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kauss
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of Our
Fathers & Grandfathers
Jerry Zucker
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
Anita, Jeffrey
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy Eli & Gabriella Eden Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas, Stella Rachel, Daisy Fay &
Jerry Mordechai Muzin
In Loving Memory of
Leigh Brody
Beloved Husband, Father & Papa Leigh
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Gloria Brody
Scott & Allison Brody
Lillie, Joe & Aidan
Faye & Steven Mizrahi
Hannah & Eli
In Loving Memory of
Rose & Morse Epstein
Michele Susan Levitt
Betty & Samuel Kersun
Judith Lieberman
Michael and Mimi Kersun
66
===== PAGE 69 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Julius Fletcher
Debbye Lorenzo
Charlotte, Dale
Gary, Sandi
Brad & Todd Fletcher
Juan & Jason Lorenzo
In Loving Memory of
Sol & Use Gottlieb
Sidney and Anne Rubens
Martin Gottlieb
Gottlieb and Rubens
Family
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Anna Glickstein Pilton
Always a part of our lives.
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly Baker
Allen Ruby
Paula Warner
In Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Martin H. Setzer
Devoted Fathers
and Grandfathers
Ellen and Barry Setzer
Dena Setzer
67
===== PAGE 70 =====
In Memoriam
In Memory of My Blessed Parents
Max Hirsch
Paula Eckhaus Hirsch
and
Sigmund & Josephine Reisch
Wilhelm & Johanna Hirsch
Simon & Pessie Eckhaus
Professor Josef Hirsch
Family Members Martyred 1939-1945
Josef & Mathilde Eckhaus
Benjamin Eckhaus
Karl Eckhaus
Oskar Eckhaus
Jenny Hirsch Brueckner
Willhelm Brueckner
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
In Loving Memory of
Jack Huttner
Ben Gottlieb
Hannah Furman
Irving Furman
Gail, Paul
& Liza Furman
and Sylvia Gottlieb
In Loving Memory of
Ranit Krinsky Lubliner
Estelle Heilman Krinsky
Rabbi Immanuel Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan &
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior and Itamar
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
& Grandparents
Blanche & Sam Marks
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda &
Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
68
===== PAGE 71 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
David Mizrahi
Beloved Husband, Dad & Papa
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Judith B. Mizrahi
Steven and Faye Mizrahi
Hannah and Eli
Ronald and Amy Mizrahi
Mordechai, Hanna and Raphael
Dennis and Betsy Mizrahi
Rachel and Evelyn
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Evelyn & Ralph Mizrahi
Ginette & Charles Mizrahi
Judith B. Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
In Loving Memory of
Our Dear Brother
David Mizrahi
Debby and Alan Katz
Ginette and Charles Mizrahi
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Sonya & Jan Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daren Joshua, Shana Leslie
Daniel Aron & Emily
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Aliza Danielle & Zachary Asher
Shira, Doron & Noa Stember
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
Jerald & Karen Morris
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Edwin Presser
Beloved Husband
Devoted Father
and Grandfather
We remember his special love and the
wonderful times we shared
and he is forever in our hearts.
Anne Presser
Marilyn
Lilah Juliet
Stephen & Diane
Elizabeth & Michael
Jeffrey & Debra
Noah, Sarah, Laura, Sam & Jonah Mac
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Beloved Wife, Mother
and Grandmother
Jack Price
Ned & Sue Price
Lewis, Genna, Christopher
& Brittney
Larry & Susan Price Zenick
Melissa & Anton Equagun
Kingsley and Jonah
Shoshana
Michael Price
David and Elana
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Judy Price
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishier
Jerry & Florence Schemer
In Loving Memory of
Saul Scharf Father
Nollie Hinton Father
Burt Aptheker Uncle
Sylvia Aptheker Aunt
Hari Scharf Uncle
Edward Hodz Uncle
Blanche Scharf Aunt
Michael & Janet Scharf
70
===== PAGE 73 =====
In Loving Memory of
Louis Leon Schemer
Lillian Spanies Schemer
Irving Legum
Clara Bell Spanies
Tessie Spanies Sacks
Rose Spanies Schwartz
Miriam Schwartz Hollins
Melvin Hollins
Herbert Irving Schwartz
Peggy Schemer Sussman
Morris Schemer
Dorothy S. Legum
In Loving Memory of
Max & Ida Spitz
Harry & Celia Slott
Louis Slott
Harriette & Abe Levin
Miriam & Ben Edwards
Sidney Berkowitz
Fanny & Charles Rubenstein
Blanche Slott
Rene, Marvin & Chuck
In Loving Memory of
Our Special Sweet
Nathan Schneider
Memory of
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Jeanne and Max Taffet
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Bertha and Hymie Selber
1
í •
| Barbara and Michael Schneider
Lisa and Stefanie
Byron Selber
Ivy, Joshua and
Nathan Jack Weingram
Ina and Alan Taffet
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Sadie & David Barnett
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Sybil Ansbacher
Barry & Lisa Ansbacher
Lawrence Ansbacher
Nicole Ansbacher
Richard & Terry Ansbacher
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Wife, Mother & Grandmother
Linda H. Edelstein
Lester, Sandy & Bobbi
Mindy, Walker & Rachel
In Memory of our
beloved Parents, our dear departed
family members, and our very
special friends. They are
very missed and always in our hearts.
Rita and Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of
Bryna & Mosha Gaston
Reba & Manny Ruben
Ruth Golkow
Grace, Basie, Sidney & Melvin Hoffman
William Davis & Kathlyn Davis Benjamin
Marvin, Sylvia & Johnathan Davis
Paul & Alice Davis
In Loving Memory of
William K. Benjamin
Edith Abrams Benjamin
David Joel Beniamin
James Joseph Boyle
Vera Vastine Boyle
Mary Etta Seeba
Ellen Blottman
Joshua Mitchell
Morton & Vera Benjamin
In Loving Memory of
Louis Gillman
Rosalyn Gillman
Earl Levitin
Adele Levitin
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg
Carole Goldberg
David, Cassandra & Nathan Goldberg
Eric, Sherry and Roen Goldberg
Lane Goldberg
Marjorie Goldberg
72
===== PAGE 75 =====
I
In Memoriam
1
Michele D. Herman Goldstein
Loving daughter taken well before
her time by religious fanatics.
Never forget September 11, 2001.
You will always be in our hearts
Dad, Annete, Michael & Jacob
In Loving Memory of
Edward Hodz
Leon & Etta Rothenberg
Abraham & Eva Hodz
Leon & Hilda Zeifman
Henry & Rachel Moses
Max & Esther Zeifman
Marshall & Elaine Hodz
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Beatrice Rothberg
Bernice Rothberg
Dr. Max Rothberg
Paul Rothberg
Richard Rothberg
\ Chary and Michael Greenburg & Family
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Mr. & Mrs. Martin Sack, Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
r In Loving Memory of our Family Members
Carlos Hanssen
Father of Andrea Olitzky
And our Grandparents
Phyllis Yarosh and Abe Olitzky
May their memories befar a blessing
; Rabbi Jesse, Andrea and Cayla Olitzky
Remembering the
Karow Family
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Remembering the
Singer Family
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Doris and Fred Singer
In Loving Memory of
Bernard Heyman
Bobbie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
* s: .í ; •
In Loving Memory of
Debbie Katz
Zelda & Herman Rosenberg
Mollie & Sam Rosenberg
Miriam & Carl Palenbaum
Blanche & George Rosenberg
Dorothy, Milton & Jay Waldman
Betty H. Wolpin
Esther & Ralph Wolpin
Albert Wolpin
Carole & Howard Wolpin
73
===== PAGE 76 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Lovee Kliman
“Grace was in all her steps...
In every gesture dignity and love.”
Hy Kliman
Marvin, Cheri & Chad
Marilyn, Nekka & Harry
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Krestul
Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Carolyn Krestul and Family
In Loving Memory of Beloved Wife, Mother
Grandmother & Great-Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
Forever in our hearts, always in our thoughts.
Jack Koolik
Bonnie, Neil, Scott
Paul & Dustin Sandler
Brooke Lynn
Susan, Edward, Matthew & Stephen Pilcer
Helene, Emily & Erika Saphire
In Loving Memory of
Fannie Levin
Julius Levin
Philip Plotkin
Sara Plotkin
Robert Plotkin
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin and Family
In Loving Memory of
Gene Kornblum
In Loving Memory of
¡I
Bernie and Martha Allen
I
Bruce Allen
Louis & Adele Levy
Julius and Mitzi Kornblum
Alix Levy
Matthew Kornblum
Albert Levy
Annetta Kornblum and Family
If
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Anna Koropova and Lev Koropov
David R. Lewis
Serafima Kaplan & Samuel Brunfon
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
And our Beloved Parents & Brother George.
Pearl and David Skulsky
Mariam and Joseph Kaplan
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
Inna Koropova
Polina, Yefim, Simon, Igor
& Jason Kirkwood
Rachel, Liya & Elliana
Scott & Billie Lewis
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Stuart Lipsky
Bessie Setzer Lipsky
Bess Lipsky
Bruce, Jan, Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
Barbara Baker Torres
The DuBow Family
In Loving Memory of our Beloved
Parents & Grandparents
Helen Rademan
Milton Rademan
Sidney Silverman
Eleanore Silverman
Arlene, Jerry & Jason Rademan
Alyssa, Matthew & Ella Paige Siegel
In Loving Memory of
Herman and Zelda Rosenberg
Joseph and Marianne DeFalco
Jeannine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Debbie Katz
...and in our hearts forever!
Joanne and Sandy Rosenberg
Lindsay, Whitney & Jillian
In Loving Memory of
Abe & Sophie Marón
Leon Marón
Theodore Weisman
Morris Libby
Joan Marón
Winifred Libby
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Louis and Rene Roey
Barney and Rachel Margolin
David Benjamin
Sophia Lyn Roey
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie, Jennifer & Sadie Roey
In Loving Memory of
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Wilt
Larry & Stacie Wilf and Family
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Naomi & Larry Lazar
===== PAGE 78 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Our Beloved Parents & Sister
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Zach, Leslie & Sarah
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Loving Memory of
Phillip Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Margaret Schemer
Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Steven & Wendy Gross
Stephanie, Tony & Noah Arlotti
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
In Loving Memory of
Jennie, Louis, Nathan
Pauline and
Florence Schevitz
Oscar Cohen, Alyce Zell
Irwin Kane and
Donna Kaye Zell
Mr. & Mrs. Albert Datz
In Loving Memory of Our
Father and Grandfather
Ronald David Spiwak
You’ll be in our hearts forever!
Joanna, Adam, Sophie & Nina Levine
Rachel, Josh, Alec & Alaina Feinman
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber
Beverly Shreiber
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry
Charles Cherry
llene Selevan
Merle and Ron Cherry
In Loving Memory of
Chana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Rose Levine
Joan & Ben Talpalar & Family
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Samuel H. Taxier
Samuel Gross
Soffie Gross
Theodore Taxier
Minnie Taxier
Nicole Lessner
Lillian Goldblatt
Mrs. S. H. Taxier
In Loving Memory of
Alan J. Aston
Max Mendelson
Elaine Aston Mendelson
In Loving Memory of our Beloved Fathers
Grandfathers and Great-Grandfathers
George M. Bernstein
Murray R. Dacks
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson, Brenna and Jack Dacks
In Loving Memory of
Shelby H. Trager
Bessie S. Frisch
Alfred Frisch
Charles, Rexine & Asher Trager
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Jonathan, Kim & Andrew Weintraub
Shelly Brewer
In Loving Memory of
Leon and Fanny Donziger
Helga Gottschalk
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
In Loving Memory of
Sylvia Zimmerman
Sophie & Issac Zimmerman
Frances Zimmerman
Rose & Jacob Rothstein
Ruth & Morris Essock
Benjamin Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of
Max & Mildred Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
llene Selevan
Mildred & Leonard Levinson
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Milton & Shirley Feder
Gloria L. Ramsey
Samuel A. Ramsey Jr.
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Dora & Haskell Zimmerman
Joseph Pranevich
Nancy & Seeman Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
In Loving Memory of My Parents & Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlman
77
===== PAGE 80 =====
In Loving Memory of
Lillian & Robert J. Gordon
Faye & Nathan Zinn
Renee & Alan Gordon
Children & Grandchildren
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Later, M.D.
Dennis Lafer & Family
In Loving Memory of
Norman Greenbaum
Miriam Greenbaum
Mary & Jacob Wexler
Rose & Morris Gray
Allen & Diane Greenbaum Gray
In Loving Memory of
Morris & Edie Levine
Bill, Stevie & Samantha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
In Loving Memory of
Vivian Greenberg
Sol Greenberg
Adele Peck
Adolph Peck
Evelyn & Ira Peck
In Loving Memory of
Morton Maltz Yetta & Louis Platt
Augusta Platt Abraham Platt
Leonard Platt
Edna Maltz & Family
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Molly Rubinstein
Robin & Stanley Halpern & Family
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris & Julia Kufman
Inna & Tim Adler
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
Marilyn, Mike
Ellis, Ellen & Otis Mass
In Loving Memory of
Sidney A. Hoffman
Basie Hoffman
Ben Hunter
Manny Ruben
Barbara & Lewis Hunter
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan, Debra
Aaron, Jocelyn and Miriam Mibab
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby & David Pinsky & Family
Alicia & Jesse Rauchwarger
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Son & Brother
Gordon Seth Kagan
Rhoda & Norman Kagan & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ruthye & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Geri and Sam Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Martha & Edwin Kravitz
Harriette & Abe Levin
Dick, Shirley, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
In Loving Memory of
Wanda Organes
Macy A. and Myra Cohen
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
rjisii'íiiiuri
In Loving Memory of
Sidney Ralph
Devoted Husband, Father & Grandfather
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
In Loving Memory of
Molly and Jack Silverman
By
Their Children
In Loving Memory of our mother
Hannah J. Rose
and our Grandparents
Sarah & Joseph Rosenbloom
Bertha & Samuel Statland
Stephanee and Branda Rose
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman and Mary Singal
Norman and Clara Katcher
Sheldon and Elaine Singal
In Loving Memory of
Leonard & Gertrude Rosenberg
Maurice & Jennie Ida Hollinger
Ruben & Rose Rosenberg
Sharon, A.J. and Jerry
In Loving Memory of
Ida & Harry Weber
Esther & Sol Hirsch
Estelle & Stuart Beckerman
In Loving Memory of
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bmce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie & Sadie Witten
In Loving Memory of
Irma & Joe Sandler
Laurie Sandler
Bonnie, Neil, Scott & Paul Sandler
Dustin & Brooke Lynn
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank and Daphne Woodard
In Loving Memory of
Bernice & Alex Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl, Elizabeth & Sarah Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige & Henry Benjamin Sekine
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yudowin
Max and Jean Shmunes
Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim, Talia
liana & Ross Shmunes
| In Loving Memory and In Our Hearts Forever
Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Risa & Steven
Wendy & Mark
Sharon & Jerry
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker, Jerry Zucker
Fran Marcus
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
In Loving Memory of
Paul Shuman
in Loving Memory of Shirley Berger- Arnold Berger
Andrea Mitsch
Ruthie & Brad Berger & Family
Rena Bernard
Com SL iiffo Hairic Rpnpp Rlnnm
David, Shari, Jenna & Amy Shuman
Odlll OL did ndit la ncncc deuumi
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed Bernar^i
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
In Loving Memory of
To Honor the Memory of Beloved Parents and Brother
Leon Bernstein
Annette Grauer
Sara, Albert and Norman Mannis
Libby Katz & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Loving Memory of
Joan Marón
Bernie Marón & Family
In Loving Memory of Beloved Brother & Nephew
Stanley Cohen - Lance Cohen
Anne Presser & Family
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of
Jean Cramer
Beloved Mother and Grandmother - An Inspiration of Energy and Humor
Joanne and Leo Davis
In Loving Memory of
Edward Allen Mervis
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney Norton
In Loving Memory of LGO DÍÍ1ÍI1
Esther Dinin & Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of
Irene Neadle and Lori Scardino
Susan, Jeff, Melissa & Sarah Neadle
In Loving Memory of Beloved Parents & Sister
Bessie & I.H. Edwards
Delores (Dodie) Cohen
Marsha Berdit
In Memory of the Greatest Father
Irving Raikes
We miss you everyday - The Raikes Family
In Loving Memory of
Shmuel Feig
Yakov Feig, Denise Sherman
Joshua & Anna
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele & Alay
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jason Freedman
Marilyn D. Freedman
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Esther and Sam Rosenblum
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
Stuart Fried and Robert Kopp
Hank & Ellen Kopp & Family and Phyllis Fried
In Memory of Our Son
Jonathan Roth
And Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal and Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memory of
Tobias M. Schneider, Sylvia F. Schneider,
Betty F. Schneider, Mimi Mendelson & Bernice Schemer
A1 & Camilla Schneider
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Sam Louis Silberstein
Delores Silberstein and Family
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Annette Grauer
In Beloved Memory of
Carl Jay
Rose Jay Sonenstein
Arlene Faracchio
In Loving Memory of
Lester Greenfield - Steven Greenfield
Judy, Scott & Cynthia Greenfield
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson
Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
David & Rae Kaufman
Sigmund & Bessie Lipson
Martin & Mimi Kaufman
In Loving Memory of
Murry Wolfson
Ruby Price and Ben & Gussie Baker
Renee Wolfson Moses
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Soga Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker
Jerry Zucker
Zipora Zucker
80
===== PAGE 83 =====
Faculty & Staff
Appreciation Shabbat
Schechter Student Reunion
MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
Save the Date
May 4-6, 2012
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, a.k.a. the
Solomon Schechter Day School or the Foundation
School, will celebrate its 50th Anniversary with a
weekend of celebratory events!
^5!
JACKSONVILLE
L’dorV’dor society
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs
L’DOR V’DOR SOCIETY
L'dor V'dor Society
Atthe Jacksonville Jewish Center
From generation to generation the importance
and significance of a Jewish education has been
a cornerstone of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The L’Dor V’Dor Society, an annual giving
campaign, was developed by stakeholders in
the community who recognize the value of the
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, the Bernard and
Alice Selevan Religious School and the JJC
Preschool. The goal of the society is to annually
provide financial support that will ensure the
sustainability of these vital institutions.
All gifts made to the annual giving campaign
are vital to the advancement of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center schools. Your contribution will help
our schools develop and maintain a challenging
curriculum, reflective of our mission to provide
the highest quality of education to our children.
Interested parties can become members of the L’Dor V’Dor Society through many different levels
of giving. To become a member of the L’dor V’Dor Society please consider a minimum gift of $18
per year.
GIVING LEVELS
Shoresh/Roots -
$10,000 +
Gezah/Trunk -
$5,000 +
Anaf/Branch -
$1,800 +
Tzameret/Treetop -
$1,000 +
Aleh/Leaves -
$500 +
Gareen/Seeds -
Up to $499
===== PAGE 85 =====
§s»- The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs -4-
LEADERSHIP IN EDUCATION
Over 300 people gathered at the Jacksonville Jewish Center on June 5 for the Second Annual L’Dor V’Dor
Celebration to enjoy a complimentary brunch and honor Robin Morris, one of the most-loved teachers at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center schools with the Rabbi David Gaffney Leadership in Education Award. Family,
friends, students and colleagues came together to celebrate the success and impact of Robin Morris and her
34-year career as an educator.
Current and past students shared stories and a musical presentation to honor her outstanding contributions to the
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool, the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School and the Center’s Hebrew High program.
The event, co-chaired by Helen DuBow, Michelle Margol and Jennifer Plotkin, was also an opportunity to
celebrate the success of the Center schools and the L’Dor V’Dor Society, the annual fundraising campaign that
supports all Jacksonville Jewish Center schools. The dollars raised by L’Dor V’Dor ensure that the Center schools
are able to continue to offer quality secular and Judaic currículums.
83
===== PAGE 86 =====
^Síistdon Uyzfitan ^Plz. 2^
& c^fiíoaiatzi
When the world seems to big
and you don't know which way to turn...
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
Since 1973
• Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Familes
Fine Family Dining
<§>=G)
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH - 733.1199 FAX 733.1269
3601 Hendricks Avenue
FL. Lie. PY0002334
396-2666
□ pen & Days a Week
lunch:
Mon. - Fri
11:00-2:30
DINNER
Mon. - Sat
5:00-11:00
Watson Plumbing
(904) 737-6337
24 Hours a Day
7 Days a Week
Residential 9 Commerical 9 Industrial
Repairs
% Watson Plumbing
X The Watson Way
4456 Sunbeam Road %> CFC 057664 (904) 737-6337
Suite 200 fax (904) 899-6827
Jacksonville, FL 32257 Division ofWatson Maintenance Services, Inc. www.watson-plumbing.com
84
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 87 =====
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
¡s*- The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs -«if
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Parent-Teacher Association works
diligently to provide an enriching year for the students of the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, the Preschool and the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School.
Our goals are to enhance the learning environment of our children by providing
tools to the wonderful teachers who nurture and educate our kids, in addition
to providing learning opportunities to all parents. I am thrilled to serve as the
president of PTA for the 2011-2012 school year!
The PTA contibutes to the educational experience of our children by offering
programs and events, equipment and technology, and so much more! Some of
the outstanding programming and services throughout the year include: Red
Ribbon Week, Shabbat boxes, vision screening, Kaleidoscope Day, Holiday
Observance and the publication of the day school yearbook.
Other exciting events our families look forward to are our Father/Daughter
Dance, Mother/Son Bowling, Grand Friends Day and new for 2011-2012 will
be Family Roller Skating Nights. These programs and services would not be
possible without your support through membership, fundraising and donations.
I encourage you to come join us in the fun!
Fundraising is a huge component of PTA as our funds are used to purchase
supplies and support education in our schools. Our most successful fundraiser is the annual Chai Family Fun Run,
a morning of fitness followed by a fun filled carnival! Other fundraising events for the 2011-2012 school year
include magazine sales, box tops collections, and, new this year, a kosher cookie dough sale.
The Parent Teacher Association strives to involve every parent in our Center schools. Volunteers are crucial
to the success of our PTA, and I encourage you to get involved. Become active in nurturing our future leaders in
our Jewish community. Let’s make this an amazing year together!
2011-2012 PTA Officers
President
Rebecca Fixel
Past President
Debbie Goldstein
VP of Fundraising
Melissa Garber & Stacy Scharf
VP of Programming
Andrea Mail & Erica Gottlieb
VP of Membership
Nancy Davis
VP of Services
Yakov Feig & Gabrielle Bubis
Treasurer
Tammy Schemer
Secretary
Alyse Nathans
Rebecca Fixel
PTA President
85
===== PAGE 88 =====
p- Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool-4
THE SAMUEL AND ESTHER GALINSKY EDUCATION PROGRAMS
A message from the Director
For over 67 years, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool has provided giving
children a wonderful first-learning experience. Our caring and experienced staff
encourages a love of learning, enthusiasm for exploration and discovery, and a high
regard for self and others.
We are dedicated to providing a high-quality, well-rounded, enriching experience
for our children. We focus on teaching skills necessary for laying a good foundation
for future learning and life: social skills, self-help skills, number and science skills,
reading readiness, art, music, Judaica, and physical fitness.
“Jewish experiences lay the groundwork for a lifelong Jewish identity and
create the basis upon which all future learning is built. Jewish early
childhood education is about building the foundation of a strong, vibrant,
joyful Jewish identity for each child.”
Maxine Segal Handelman, USCJ’s consultant for Early Childhood Education
The Center Preschool incorporates Jewish values into our curriculum throughout the entire year. As a part of
our program, we celebrate the Jewish Holidays and Shabbat with songs, stories, special foods and traditions. Each
month we focus on a Jewish value and integrate it into our daily routines and lessons. We teach the children what
it means to be a mensch (a good person), about tzedakah (righteous giving), hachnasat orhim (welcoming guests),
derech eretz (good manners), tikun olam (repairing the world), and more.
Stop by the Preschool to see all the wonderful, new faces and programs!
Leam more about our wonderful school and special programs by visiting us online: www.jjcpreschool.org
You can also find us on Facebook and “like” us!
Shereen Canady
Director
On behalf of the Preschool staff and my family, I wish you a Shana Tova U’Metukah, a Healthy and Happy
New Year.
1
- Shereen Canady
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Rebecca Fixel
PE Teacher
Photo
Unavailable
Dina Kirshbaum Zina Levitsky
Administrative Assistant Music Teacher
■■■■■■■■I
86
===== PAGE 89 =====
►-Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool-4]
PLAYTIME AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
i*- Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool-I
Koflm i
Teachers: Cheryl Gartner
and Susan Hughes
Maya Asor
Benjamin Cohen
Golda Marks
Maytal Mitzmacher
Danielle Ruckh
Remy Sadowsky
Adyson Shapiro
Itamar Socher
Zaharia Stahl
Sydney Szwartz
Elizabeth Teitelbaum
Isabella Turchin
Parparim
Teachers: Robyn Bell
and Esther Ohayon
Danial Amoyal
Dmytro Andrieiev
Jacob Campbell
Zoe Carpenter
Elizabeth Finelt
Brooke Gridley
Sadie Handmaker
Zachariah Hoff
Eli Marks
Morgan Nathans
Efrat Ohayon
Charlie Resnick
Jacob Taylor
Leia Taylor
Amelia Tesler
Ari Widens
Sean Zahler
Doobonim
Teachers:
Mary Jane Williamson
and Jennie DeBardeleben
Aubrey Alalof
Chloe Baker
Madyson Bell
Lucy Bums
Mason Gridley
Hannah Kaufman
Nina McNett
Joseph Morgenthal
Itamar Ohayon
Hank Shapiro
Ita Shapiro
Eli Zagagi
Kofim II
Teachers: Aslin Lamm
and Dina Kirshbaum
Kyra Jaffa
Charlie Milian
Tyler Puritz
Alana Werwa
Andrew Wolpoff
Ashton Brodsky
Shalom Fisch
Ali Goldman
Kagan Gould
Brendan Heger
Myles Heger
88
===== PAGE 91 =====
P- Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool-I
Tzeeporim I
Teachers: Elyse Marhefka
and Robin Vitiello
Hayden Garber
Cheyenne Gladden
Nathan Green
Shelly Kats
Joshua Katz
Maya Letts
Ethan Logvinov
Gavin Lyski
Harrison Manin
Elliana Tesler
Veronica Turchin
Emmie Williamson
EvanWolpoff
Tzeeporim II
Teachers: Sarah Russell
and Hanna Bendit
Olivia Ackerman
Daniel Bomser
Izabella Davis
Lily Davis
Andrew Goldman
Jacob Gross
Ivey Marie Hershkovich
Madilyn Lewis
Sophia Milian
Madison Ruckh
Jett Scharf
George Setzer
Talia Zagagi
Tzeeporim III
Teachers: Shannon Carvell
and Erica Tekonchuk
Sophie Alalof
Maddie Belanoff
Masha Bezverkh
Reno Coursey
Sofia Friedman
Dante Gaviglio
Lucy Gould
Madelyn Millrood
Jacob Morgenthal
Sergey Rakhamimov
Abigail Rotenberg
Jake Yaksich
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
Shalom Baby
SHALOM BABY PROGRAM
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool’s Shalom Baby program is in its sixth year. Classes meet weekly to offer
mommies and babies an environment to play, leam and meet new friends. Each class offers songs, stories, circle time,
crafts, special visitors and hot topic discussions.
This year we will celebrate many milestones.. .first smiles, first steps, first teeth, first words, and first friends. We
welcome in Shabbat, celebrate Rosh Hashanah, Passover, Hanukkah, and more. Mother’s Day and Father’s Day both
become extra special as we help moms and/or dads and babies create beautiful keepsake projects.
If you are interested in learning more, please call Shereen Canady at 268-4200 ext. 143. Hope you can join us!!
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
Kids Club
KIDS CLUB CATERS TO ALL
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer an outstanding before and after-school
program for children ages one through twelve. Kids Club, our extended day program,
meets the needs of our families by providing nurturing, engaging, educational and fun
programming before and after school.
The theme for the 2011-2012 year is called, “Alphabet Afternoons”. Our preschool
children will enjoy activities that are built upon the alphabet. During “C” week they might
enjoy one of our favorite authors, Eric Carle, build a home for their caterpillars and begin to
learn about the lifecycle of a butterfly by watching their caterpillars mature, have crawling
caterpillar races, create colorful collages and sing their favorite songs.
Our MJGDS elementary students who join us after school will have a homework and
study period in our supervised homework room, a snack, go outside to play and then engage
in a fun activity. We are also thrilled to share our exciting and varied afternoon enrichment
programs. We offer a variety of classes for our preschoolers and elementary aged children.
We welcome back Mad Science, soccer, art, cooking, Bricks 4 Kidz, dance classes taught by Mark Spivak’s Dance
Studio, basketball, flag football, Mind Lab, and more.
Robyn Ossi
Kids Club Coordinator
91
===== PAGE 94 =====
►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
THE SAMUEL & ESTHER GALINSKY EDUCATION PROGRAMS
A SCHECHTER NETWORK DAY SCHOOL
LOCATED IN THE GORDON-HECHT-BOSSEN EDUCATION CENTER
A Message from the Head of School
“Educate children in the way they should go and when they' are old they will not depart from it” Proverbs 22.6
The mission of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is to provide a comprehensive, academically
challenging curriculum in General and Judaic Studies. The school provides a caring, supportive
community in which each student can grow academically, emotionally, socially and physically. Through
the bilingual curriculum and school environment, the students are presented with a philosophy of life
based upon the values and concerns embodied in Conservative Judaism, stressing social action and
social responsibility.
Through a curriculum based on intellectual inquiry and critical thinking, students are challenged to
meet the highest standards ofacademic excellence. The instructional approach fosters a life long passion
for learning. We nurture the souls of each of our students, grounding them in Jewish values. By instilling
personal and social responsibility and love for Israel, we create a foundation for a life of continuity and
dedication to the community, which extends to the home, the synagogue and the community at large.
I could not have hoped for a better first year and beginning to a second one here at MJGDS! I
want to thank the parents and students for giving me such a warm welcome. I especially want to thank
the teachers and the staff for their hard work - whatever steps we took only were possible because of
your effort, time and love.
Space prohibits exposition, but please allow me to snapshot some of the accomplishments from
the 2010-2011 school year and some exciting things to look forward to in the upcoming year:
Transparency: We strive in the Day School be transparent in all ways to our parents, donors, and supporters in our community. Through
the school website, classroom blogs, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Vimeo, etc. - you are welcome to see what we are up to at all times! Our
benchmarks and standards for each grade are online and many parents are now welcome to access their children’s grades and progress
reports in real time. We launched an Annual Parent Survey and this year will add an Annual Alumni Survey.
Academic Achievement: In 2010-2011,60% of Students in Grades 4,5 & 7 qualified for the Duke TIPS program (which means a score
of 95% or higher on standardized tests). One hundred percent of last year’s graduates were accepted to every high school program they
applied to.. .that’ll be hard to beat, but we sure are going to try to match it!
Differentiated Instruction: Our school’s philosophy is “A Floor, But No Ceiling’' and it is reflected in our individual approach to
education. In addition, thanks to a generous donation from Koleinujax - working with Jewish Family Service and the Foundation - we
have been able to add additional staff and training to ensure that each child in our school who has a special need has a documented IEP and
is receiving appropriate accommodations and services with parent input and support.
Middle School Athletics: The MJGDS Marlins take to the field this year for the first time ever! We will be competing in Girls Volleyball
and a couple of other sports to be announced in 2011-2012... come cheer us on!
Parent University: I began last year and look forward to continuing my weekly Parent University course for parents interesting in
exploring how to make Judaism come alive in the home.
21st Century Learning: We continue to be a regional and national example of a 21st Century Learning school in action! We had and
will continue to present at the Florida Council of Independent Schools Annual Conference and will host the first-ever national conference
for Jewish day schools on 21st Century Learning this April 29 - May 1!
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School 50th Anniversary - Save the Date
This year we celebrate 50 years of excellence! Please join us, and the entire JJC community, on the weekend of May 4th-6th, 2012 for a
fantastic celebration. Look for details about how you can be involved in this once-in-a-generation event coming soon!
My wife, Jaimee, and daughters, Eliana and Maytal, join me in wishing the entire community a shana tova umetuka, a good and sweet
new year.
Jon Mitzmacher
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of School
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Talie Zaifert Robyn
Director of Marketing Sabatt-Waring
& Admissions Executive Assistant
Jessie Roman
Administrative
Assistant
*
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
MJGDS Faculty
2011 -2012 MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB DAY SCHOOL STAFF
MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
Innovating Education. Living Tradition.
Arlene Yegelwel
Gan
Lauren Resnick
Gan Assistant/Vav & Chet Math
Kristi Trinkle
Alef
Marlene Watkins
Alef/Assistant
Amy Stein
Bet
Shannon McVearry
Bet/Dalet-Hay Assistant
Marjie Rogozinski
Gimmel
Carla Bernard
Gimmel Assistant
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Dalet
Shelly Zavon
Hay
Mazal Spalter
Jewish Studies Gan/Bet Assistant/
Pull Out for Dalet-Hay
Robin Morris
Jewish Studies Alef
Hanna Bendit
Jewish Studies Assistant Alef
Rivka Cohen
Jewish Studies Bet/Dalet
Liat Walker
Jewish Studies Gimmel/
Hay & Jewish Studies Coordinator
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Jewish Studies Resource
Judy Reppert
Social Studies Vav-Chet
Deborah Kuhr
Language Arts Vav-Chet
Susan Burkhart
Science Vav-Chet
Rick Hazouri
Math Vav & Zayin
Rivka Ohayon
Hebrew & Text/JS Bet-Dalet Pull Out
Rabbi Jesse Olitzsky
Text
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Text & Jewish Studies Resource
Shana Gutterman
Art
Jared Goldman
Physical Education
Jeanine Hoff
Music
Kim Glasgal
Technology Coordinator
Andrea Hernandez
21st Century Learning Specialist
Silvia Tolisano
21st Century Learning Consultant
Jo-Ann Kagan
Academic Resource
Louise Leonard
Library & Media
Jessie Roman
Administrative Assistant
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
Executive Assistant
Talie Zaifert
Director of Admissions & Marketing
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of the Middle School/
Jewish Studies Gan/Hebrew & Text
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of School
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A YEAR IN THE LIFE
94
===== PAGE 97 =====
MJGDS 2010-2011 CLASSES
Kindergarten
Teachers: Arlene Yegelwel and
Kristi O’Neill, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Students:
May Amoyal, Danny Bubis
Courtney Charpiat, Isaac Davis,
Joshua DeBardeleben, Anna Feig,
Eva Gridley, Daisy Handmaker,
Moti Hill, Elad Homsky, Moses Jaffa,
Eliana Mitzmacher, Ariel Ohayon,
Elizabeth Rutansky, Saylor Scharf,
Nadav Socher, Aleeya Spector,
Mason Teitelbaum
First Grade
Teachers:
Bonnie Loeser, General Studies
Robin Morris, Judaic Studies
Shannon McVearry, Assistant
Students:
Lial Amoyal, Allie Bielski,
Noah Bomser, Nahila Davis,
Julia Debardeleben, Abigail Fixel,
Raphael Friedman, Zoe Garber,
Jack Hernandez, Benjamin Howard,
Dasha Makarov, Jacob Sommers,
Nate Sussman, Gabriel Widens,
Isabell Zhukov
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
► MJGDS 2010-2011 CLASSES 4
Second Grade B
Teachers:
Amy Stein, General Studies
Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Edith Horovitz, Judaic Studies
Students:
Parker Balotin, Julia Canady,
Evan Levy, Jasmine Mail,
Ronen Marlowe, Joshua Miller,
Zach Mizrahi, Arin Nathans,
Emily Teitelbaum, Ariella Tesler,
Jonah Widens, Jeremy Zaifert
Second Grade A
Teachers:
Carla Bernard, General Studies
Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Edith Horovitz, Judaic Studies
Students: Rebecca Burstein,
Benjamin Chafetz, Camille Czarka,
Ayden Israel, Eliana Jaffa,
Jonathan Kats, Elad Ohayon,
Natan Shcherbakov, Griffith Werwa,
Samantha Zimmerman
Third Grade
Teachers:
Marjie Rogozinski, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Students:
Ben Arnold, Jamie Bielski,
Rebecca Bubis, Savonnie Gonzalez,
Liam Heger, Yoni Homsky,
Itamar Lubliner, Elior Lubliner,
Zoe Mail, Evelyn Mizrahi,
Ethan Plotkin, Zachary Shainbrown,
Drew Williamson
96
===== PAGE 99 =====
\ p MJGDS 2010-2011 CLASSES 4
Fourth Grade
Teachers:
Andy Raitt, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Students:
Casey Balotin, Cayla Canady,
Sarah Chisholm, Danielle Fetner,
Ethan Garber, Barbara Goldstein,
Jake Gould, Brianna Grossman,
Justin Heger, Naomi Herman,
Lily Hernandez, Shoshana Howard,
Rachel Levy, Katelynn McAraw,
Talya Pames, Sarah Schemer,
Sydney Teitelbaum
Fifth Grade
Teachers:
Shelly Zavon, General Studies
Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Students: Jilliyn Chishom,
Shira DuBow, Joshua Feig,
Edyn Gottlieb, Hannah Gross,
Ryan Heger, Allie Israel,
Sabrina Mail, Max Mizrahi,
Daniel Nabert, Rachel Olive,
Montgomery Phillips,
Lance Schlecter, Samuel Sommers,
Claire Thompson, Shelby Weiss,
Reesa Zaifert, Josh Zimmerman
Sixth Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Judy Reppert
Students:
Julia Kahn, Aaron Kitay,
Avichai Lubliner, Ryan Mizrahi,
Joey Plotkin, Rachel Spector
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
► MJGDS 2010-2011 CLASSES 4
i i
1 H i
:
Jj
I /f* 1 mmJ
Seventh Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Deb Kuhr
Students:
Joel Cohen
Eli Mizrahi
Douglas Nabert
Rebecca Nathans
I lyssa Ward
Eighth Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Susan Burkhart
Students:
Justin Clevette, Shira Ferman,
Manya Goldstein, Sydney Gross,
Eliza Israel, Jenna Levine,
Orly Ohayon, Zachary Orender,
Jacob Orender, Micah Rubin,
Sarit Sandler, Leslie Schemer
Rachel Walker,
98
===== PAGE 101 =====
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
p- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
THE SAMUEL & ESTHER GALINSKY EDUCATION PROGRAMS
A UNITED SYNAGOGUE OF CONSERVATIVE JUDAISM FRAMEWORK FOR EXCELLENCE SCHOOL
A Message from the Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Center holds Jewish learning as a central value.
Our Religious School offers a thoughtful and engaging curriculum for each of our
grades K-8. Our students belong to a nurturing community dedicated to providing a
dynamic and rich educational setting and opportunity for positive growth. Through
the invaluable partnership between Religious School education, congregational
life, and family life, students are able to integrate Judaism into their developing
personal identity.
Our teachers are capable educators, who delight in mixing formal and informal
Jewish educational techniques to help bring each of our learners to Torah. The goal
of our “formal” educational component is to provide an atmosphere of learning
that will serve as the foundation for a life-long commitment to Torah, Israel and the
Jewish community. Our “informal” Jewish education is just as important. We achieve
this goal through individual grade and/or all-school family education programs, and
combined real-time experiences. All students engage in regular t’fillot (prayer).
Our Religious School starts with our warm and nurturing Kindergarten Sunday School that introduces these
young students to Bible, mitzvot, Hebrew language and holiday celebrations. Consecration dedicates our first
graders to the study of Torah. Our 2nd through 5th grade students add Wednesday afternoons as they continue
on with age-appropriate curricula of history, Torah, Israel, ethics and, of course, Hebrew reading and prayer. In
addition to continued preparation for Bar or Bat Mitzvah, our middle-school students are immersed in United
Synagogue’s Project Etgar, geared towards the teaching of moral, social,and emotional Jewish adolescent values
and behaviors. Our 8th graders attend on Shabbat mornings rather than Sunday, as they are welcomed into post-
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Jewish life by using their new skills on a regular basis in the sanctuary as well as becoming
leaders in our various Youth Services. All of this is blended together with art, technology, music and celebrations
for a full cultural experience.
Lois Tompkins
Director
Wishing you a happy and healthy new year,
Lois B. Tompkins
100
===== PAGE 103 =====
If Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
p~ Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
CLASSES OF 2010-2011
First Grade - Kitah Alef
Benjamin Davis
Dalia Dryden
Sky Stuart
Samantha Letts
Third Grade - Kitah Gimel
Eliza Aretz
Amelia Ernas
Hallie Fine
Zachary Fine
Julia Katzin
Jacob Lansaw
Ethan Levine
Elailey Stuart
Alexander Wawzynski
Jolie Weiss
Kindergarten - Kitah Gan
Andrew Herbst
Ava Jaffa
Emily Kirschbaum
Brooke Saye
Alexandra Selevan
Elli Trager
Brooke Trager
Ashley Zunic
Landon Wawzynski
Second Grade - Kitah Bet
Veronica Bryant
Julia Grosse
Noah Gutterman
Orli Gutterman
Sydney Herbst
Maiah Jaffa
Rebecca Katz
Jagger Leach
Sydney Leach
Laura Rogovin
Sydni Rudowitz
Eryn Saye
Jacob Selevan
Ali Shapiro
Alexa Verboort
Leah Zimmerman
102
===== PAGE 105 =====
p- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
CLASSES OF 2010-2011
Fifth Grade - Kitah Hay
Ellis Levine
Joel Margol
Micah Pames
Ally Wolfson
Abigail Zilberman
Bennett Zimmerman
Fourth Grade - Kitah Dalet
Rose Blumenfeld
Alex Cywes
Claire Cywes
Jacqueline Emas
Carly Gare
Benjamin Greenhut
Madison Grosse
Julia Plotkin
Gil Sapolsky
Gillian Shapiro
Hannah Silverstein
Arielle Wajsman
Sabrina Zilberman
Brooke Zimmerman
Wendell Zimmerman
Alyssa Zunic
Sixth Grade and Seventh
Grade: Project Etgar
Jake Fetner
Steven Finker
Jessie Friedman
Jack Gare
Sam Goldstein
Jennie Gordon
Matthew Herman
Ari Howard
Samantha Katzin
Jordan Levine
Zarra Marlowe
Ben Miller
Jared Plotkin
Jakob Pollan
Sonya Pulley
Elan Sandler
Brooke Sapolsky
Taylor Rudowitz
Brodie Rutkowski
Alexander Wajsman
Liam Wirsansky
Eighth Grade - Kitah Chet
Michael Appel
Harrison Andrew
Gabi Cohen
Martin Cohen
Rachel Dranetz
Scott Goldstein
Sarah Miller
Rachel Nevers
103
===== PAGE 106 =====
M
Makom
HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL
Jacksonville
Hebrew High School
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
MAKOM: Jacksonville Hebrew High School
opened its doors in the Fall of 2010. The program sought
out to be a place for friendship, spiritual growth, new
skills and experiences, rich traditions, bettering the
world, and lasting memories. With a committed core in place, MAKOM begins
its second year with new ideas to enhance our Hebrew High School experience.
Through linking up with USY, week to week programming is greatly enhanced
by the leadership of our USY board. Students play a pivotal role in creating our
curriculum each semester- the electives are greatly influenced by students’ interests.
In the 12th grade, high school seniors participate in the Siyyon Program, which
serves as a laboratory for developing Jewish leadership skills as young adults
through social action and advocacy. With an eye to the importance of experiential
learning, MAKOM focuses on social action programming, teen leadership skill¬
building, and an annual “MAKOM on Wheels” experience to bring informal
Jewish education to a new level. Simply put: MAKOM is awesome. Come join!
104
===== PAGE 107 =====
P Educational Milestones 4
MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
CONSECRATION
FEBRUARY 5, 2011
Lial Amoyal, Allie Bielski, Noah Bomser,
Nahila Davis, Julia DeBardeleben, Abigail Fixel,
Raphael Friedman, Zoe Garber, Jack Hernandez,
Benjamin Howard, Dasha Makarov, Jacob Sommers,
Nate Sussman, Gabriel Widens, Isa Zhukov
MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
GRADUATION
JUNE 5, 2011
Justin Clevette, Shira Ferman,
Manya Goldstein, Sydney Gross,
Eliza Israel, Jenna Levine, Orly Ohayon,
Jacob Orender, Zachary Orender,
Micah Rubin, Sarit Sandler,
Leslie Schemer and Rachel Walker
BERNARD & ALICE SELEVAN
RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
CONSECRATION
MAY 1, 2011
Eliza Aretz, Benjamin Davis, Dalia Dry den, Hallie Fine,
Zachary Fine, Samantha Letts, Ethan Levine,
Hailey Stuart, Sky Stuart, and Alexander Wawzynski
BERNARD & ALICE
SELEVAN RELIGIOUS
SCHOOL
GRADUATION
MAY 20, 2011
Harrison Andrew, Gabrielle Cohen
Rachel Dranetz, Scott Goldstein
Sarah Miller, Rachel Nevers
105
===== PAGE 108 =====
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP
Real Estate Closings • Title Insurance
Leases • Wills and Probate
Business Law and Corporations
Real Estate Brokerage Law
3000-8 HARTLEY ROAD
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32257
Phone: 262-4242
fox 262-3717
website: www.ryanandmarks.com
Sawgrass
Asset Management, L.L.C.
A Florida-based
Registered Investment Advisor
Serving the Investment Needs of
Institutional Clients
Throughout Florida
Jeffrey B. Marks
Board Certified Real Estate Lawyer
jeff@ryanandmarks.com
William B. Ryan, Jr.
bill@ryanandmarks.com
MORRIS & MORRIS PA, CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
To Your Needs
•ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
•ESTATES AND TRUSTS
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 737-4241
ANDREW M. CANTOR, CFA, Principal
1579 The Greens Way, Suite 20
Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
904-493-5500
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
Incandescent
Flourescent
Quartz Halogen
Metal Halide
High Pressure Sodium
Mercury Vapor
Low Pressure Sodium
Miniature
Sealed Beam
Photo
Stage/Studio
Projection
Fiber Optic
Medical
Scientific
Micrographic
Sockets
Photo Controls
Flourescent Ballasts
Electronic Ballasts
HID Ballasts
Tube Guards
Carl Cushnir • Lighting Lenses
• Batteries
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc,
144 Stockton Street • Jacksonville, FL 32204
Local 904-260-2444 • Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
106
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 109 =====
A MESSAGE FROM THE YOUTH DIRECTOR
Center Youth Department
Growing up at the Jacksonville Jewish Center provides our children with
many fine opportunities to be productive members of their community, both
inside and outside the building. We are proud to contribute to that growth.
One of our main goals is to teach the children the importance of giving
back. That is repeatedly accomplished through the many projects and programs
the Center Youth Department offers. They not only learn to put smiles on other
people’s faces, but we’ve seen plenty of smiles on our kids’ young faces as well.
The memories created by these moments are, as the commercial says, priceless.
The interaction among the children is also a special part of life in the
Youth Department. They often don’t realize that they are learning and growing
as they have so much fun. The friendships they make and the relationships they
mold with the leaders of the Center are, again, things that they will carry with
them forever.
Through our advisors, your children learn to be responsible, resourceful,
original and creative. Those adults are committed to youth groups rich in Jewish
values and traditions. They serve as true mentors, instilling a sense of pride in all our young people.
We, at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Youth Department, strive to grow along with our children. We
must encourage them to continue their Jewish and community social action participation and guide them in
their efforts to become educated, open-minded Jewish adults.
I continue to look forward to helping guide our children in these important endeavors. Thank you all for
another wonderful year.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families.
Gayle D. Bailys
Gayle Bailys
Director
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is to bridge the invisible gap between the
home, the school and the synagogue. All of our youth
activities combined offer a unique opportunity to
stimulate educational, spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and Youth Director,
sets the standards and policies for these programs.
The Youth Commission oversees all
youth organizations and programs sponsored
by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the
Center Day Camp. The committee is made up
of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that the
future of Conservative Judaism can be secured
through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth
Groups, the Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer programs,
such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These
provide excellent opportunities for our children to share wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences
with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of
scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue
and community. Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are
sent that bring warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by
keeping us updated on their school mailing and email addresses.
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
Our expert panel of psychologists and
Ph.D. organizational consultants put
the genius in Assessment Technologies
Group (ATG). Utilizing decades of
industry experience, our team combines
scientific practices with state-of-the-art
technology to produce concise, easy-
to-understand reporting.
Assessment Technologies Group is a
full service industrial/organizational
consultancy that provides insightful
analysis that powers better human
resource decisions. Whether you're
evaluating a job candidate or focusing
on improving employee performance,
ATG can help. The illustration at right
depicts our four areas of ingenuity
and how our services work
harmoniously to help you build your
own genius team. A phone call or
email is all you need to get started.
ATGenius
Assessment
Technologies
Group
4887 Belfort Road, Suite 105 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | 904.332.7227 or 800.737.5622 assessment-tech.com
108
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 111 =====
Center Youth Groups
CHALUTZIM • GRADES 4 AND 5
2011 - 2012 OFFICERS
PRESIDENT
Hannah Silverstein
VICE PRESIDENT Social Action
Eliza Aretz
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS Programming
Elior Lubliner,
Itamar Lubliner
SECRETARY
Jake Gould
MEMBERS AT LARGE -
Rose Blumenfeld, Danielle Fetner,
Barbie Goldstein, Madison Grosse,
Rachel Levy, Arielle Wajsman,
Sabrina Zilberman, Alyssa Zunic
===== PAGE 112 =====
K\edit
El RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
9 9
3877 Baymeadows Road
just off San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 73 I -4492
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
I 1.00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
EM,
www.greekrestaurant.com
I invite you to read my website,
JOELBRESSLER.COM
You will find information about preventing, treating,
mitigating and reversing many diseases through
Nutrition. I have made it my life’s project to help others
who may have these diseases, such as cardiovascular
problems, various types of cancer and what causes
them, diabetes, A.L.S., depression, arthritis,
stroke, osteoporosis, obesity, alcoholism,
Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s and many others.
Joel Bressler
Philip H. Bloom
President
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904) 880-4667 • FAX (904) 880-4667
CELL (904) 993-4445
Free Water Testing
i
License # W-32
Affordable watf.K
CONDITIONING* SOFTENING • PURIFICATION
TThe
Jac
oville
Bank
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
CERTIFIED
WATER
SPECIALIST
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
Jeff Rojas
Assistant Vice President
10325 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 288-8933 * 904*288*8624fax
jrojas@jaxbank. com
www.jaxbank. com
BERMAN
QR05.. INC.
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
2500 Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 353-3694
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
no
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 113 =====
Center Youth Groups
KADIMA • GRADES 6, 7, 8
2011 - 2012 OFFICERS
CO-PRESIDENTS
Eli Mizrahi, Rebecca Nathans
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS SOCIAL ACTION
Jake Fetner, Brooke Sapolsky
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS PROGRAMMING
Joel Cohen, Aaron Kitay
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS COMMUNICATION
Hannah Gross, Reesa Zaifert
SECRETARY
Joey Plotkin
MEMBERS AT LARGE -
Sam Goldstein, Ben Miller,
Elan Sandler, Ally Wolfson
111
===== PAGE 114 =====
ARE BUGS AND WEEDS
A PAIN IN YOUR GRASS?
THE
Lawn and Shrub Spraying • Indoor Pest Management
Termite Protection • Rodent Control • Fumigation
Garden Center and Landscape
BUGS WEEDS TERMITES RODENTS
Ask about our Crabgrass and Mosquito Treatments!
Call for your FREE estimate
(904] 733-7488
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your
glass needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
Serving Northeast Florida
& Southeast Georgia
Locations to Better Serve You.
354-4643
Wells & dreW
O M
ENGRAVERS
1
N
PRINTERS
Since 1855
Randy Houser, President
P.O. Box 10554 • Jacksonville, FL 32247
Street Address: 3414 Galilee Road (32207)
904-399-1510 • Fax 904-399-1884
Toll Free 800-342-8636
randyh@wellsdrew.com
Stefc&M & Sheet "TKeted
<©
SINCE 1914
Exemplary customer service has been
our tradition for over 90 years.
3139 Walnut Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
(904) 354-4125
Fax (904) 354-4796
Email: since1914@bellsouth.net
KELLER
WILLIAMS.
REALTY
The Paige Wajsman Team
Realtor®
Cell: 904-476-4120
Office: 904-288-7990
Email: PaigeWajsman@kw.com
Website: www.PaigeWajsman.com
Thanh you for yovr Si/pporL
W\cT\m^ you a
ttoalihy and H"app^
How Yoar\
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
"Thanks for your Patronage"
9670 San Jose Blvd.
(formerly An tares Jewelry)
268-5949
112
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 115 =====
UNITED SYNAGOGUE YOUTH • GRADES 9-12
2011 - 2012 OFFICERS
CO-PRESIDENTS
Nicole Bailys, Elana Maiman
CO-EXEC VICE PRESIDENTS PROGRAM
Blair DeCrispino, Hannah Mizrahi
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS RELIGIOUS ED
Avi Rubin, Micah Rubin
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS MEMBERSHIP/KADIMA
Talia Fetner, Shir a Kitay
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS SOCIAL ACTION
Jeffrey Goldring, Alex Wolfson
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS ISRAELI AFFAIRS
Jonah Kitay, Jenna Levine
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS COMMUNICATION
Michael Appel, Sydney Gross
CO-SECRETARIES
Zach Orender, Leslie Schemer
MEMBERS AT LARGE- Charlie DuBow,
Shira Ferman, Josh Gordon, Jacob Hecht,
Noah Levin, Sarah Miller, Maci Morse,
Trudy Morse, Charles Pett, Shaina Plotkin,
Sarit Sandler, Rachel Walker, Jared Wolfson
===== PAGE 116 =====
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
*
ESTATE PLANNING
RETIREMENT PLANNING
BUTENSKY & COHEN
Financial Security, Inc.
Registered Investment Advisors
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
THE BUIENSY & COHEN BUILDING
110 PROFESSIONAL DRIVE • PONTE VEDRABEACH, FL 32082
«ütfíüüíüüiiti
14546 Old St. Augustine Rd., Bldg. A, Ste. 317 Jacksonville, FL 322581 CancerSpecialistsNF.com
It’s Our
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. Thats the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the very
best in quality; selection and service.
Publix.
LAW OFFICES
TERRELL HOGAN ELLIS YEGELWEL, P.A.
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
CANCER
SPECIALISTS
of NORTH FLORIDA
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
phone: 904.2ÓO.9445
fax: 904.260.0005
Patten School Bus Service, Inc.
Field Trips, Business/Social Functions
Birthday Parties All Ages, Family
Reunions, Weddings, No Job Too Small
Richard & Judith Patten
Office: 904-246-3085
Cell: 904-631-3433
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, FI 32233
Fax: 904-247-6778
E-mail: pattenbus@yahoo.com
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202
(904) 632-2424
Vaughan & Son Pest Control
Serving Northeast Florida Since 1976
COMMERCIAL RESIDENTIAL
www.ridmypest.com
904-631-6333
Jacksonville
904-302-3577
Beaches
John Vaughan, ACE
Certified Entomologist
Certified Pest Control Operator
jvaughank@bellsouth. net
RO. Box 440190
Jacksonville, FL 32222-0190
114
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 117 =====
I
JT THH II \ y yt
AL \Jr \J A AA ilv/ X 1 Vx X jf JESt3
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that so many of our youngsters participated in United Synagogue
summer programs. Scholarships to attend these programs are made possible through the generosity of the Abe
Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Men’s Club’s Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund, Center Israel Scholarship Fund, Center Sisterhood, Center Youth
Department, Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program, Myra Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah Fund, Sylvia H.
Shortstein Scholarship Fund and many anonymous contributors.
RAMAH DAROM
Julia Allerding
Joshua Gordon
Michael Appel
Sydney Gross
Casey Balotin
Justin Heger
Parker Balotin
Liam Heger
Gabrielle E. Cohen
Ryan Heger
Gabrielle H. Cohen
Aaron Kitay
Joel Cohen
Shira Kitay
Annie Davis
Avichai Lubliner
Ian Davis
Elior Lubliner
Hannah Gendzier
Itamar Lubliner
Jeffrey Goldring
Benjamin Miller
Jennifer Gordon
Sarah Miller
Eli Mizrahi
Sarit Sandler
Max Mizrahi
Brooke Sapolsky
Ryan Mizrahi
Gil Sapolsky
Douglas Nabert
Marni Sapolsky
Rachel Nevers
Jacob Selevan
Levana Osher
Gillian Shapiro
Jared Plotkin
Alexander Wajsman
Joey Plotkin
Rachel Walker
Shaina Plotkin
Alex Wolfson
Avi Rubin
Ally Wolfson
Micah Rubin
Jared Wolfson
Elan Sandler
Brooke Zimmerman
USY-ON-WHEELS
Erica Katzin, Hannah Mizrahi, Trudy Morse
USY POLAND/ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE
Nicole Bailys
RAMAH ISRAEL SEMINAR
Jonah Kitay
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
*%§ 55 ¿<U
Wish everyday far only $30
when you join the
Monthly Wash Club
Free Vacuums!
Free Mat Machines!
Raise money for your non-profit
with CarbuX FUNdraising
Check out FUNdraising § carbyxcarwash.com
carbuxcarwash.com
facebook 1 fcuiikkerlfr
Valid at any Carbux
Mandarin
11150 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32223
904.288.9744
Northside
1555 Dunn Ave.
Jacksonville, FL 32218
904.696.1444
Beaches
13480 Beach Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32224
904.992.9255
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
(904) 398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility
3599 University Boulevard S. Suite #804
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
346-3333
Buckeye Cleaning Center-Jacksonville
SINCE 1844
Shane Pipher
General Manager
4820 Executive Park Ct. - Ste. 102, Jacksonville, FL 32216
904/739-7700 • Fax 904/739-7714 • Cellular 904/874-4468
E-Mail spipher @ buckeyeintemational. com
BDT Concepts, Inc,
www.bdtconcepts.com
Brian Williams
bwilIiams@bdtconcepts.com
New & Compatible Toner Cartridges
Printers • Fax Machines • Point of Sale
Sales • Service • Supplies
5105 Philips Highway • Jacksonville, FL 32247
(904) 262-2590 • (800) 736-5199 • Fax: (904) 262-2565
- 7 '. '•$- *7
W f/ / «§
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-4391 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
ASHFORD
SERVICES
Total Floor Maintenance & Restoration
YOUR SMILE REFLECTS IN THE QUALITY OF OUR SERVICES
‘T’ke Treferredf TÍoor SpecíaCíst of the
Jachsonviffe Jewish Center
2170 Emerson Street, Jacksonville, FL 32207
(904) 396-7090 • Fax (904) 396-7091
www.ashfordservices.net
116
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 119 =====
CAMP KI TOY
%imi
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Camp Ki Tov 2011 was another HUGE success!! Campers and
j counselors alike made new friends and created memories that will surely
y last a lifetime. As in summers past, campers enjoyed daily activities such as
m \ f swimming, nature, arts and crafts, sports and the ever infamous - GaGa!! Not
to mention the exciting projects initiated by counselors that had our campers
singing songs, playing games and creating special “plans” to help their cabins
win the coveted “spirit stick.” This year we were fortunate to have the Center’s very own Seth Carpenter
join camp on a weekly basis to teach campers acting and improvisation skills. We were also lucky to have
Rabbi Dov Kentof lead the series, “When a Jew Celebrates,” where campers played games, cooked latkes and
listened to stories all while learning about religious and cultural traditions of Judaism.
Our adventures off campus included trips to the St. Augustine Pirate Museum which coincided with our
Pirates and Princesses week; we took a tour of the St. Augustine Alligator Farm and we jumped to our hearts’
content at Jump Zone. Two highlights of the summer included the visit from counselors from the Hadera
region of Israel as a result of our Federation’s P2K partnership and our annual overnight lead by Rabbi Kentof.
Our summer ended on a high note with our big LUAU where great fun was had by all!!
Each summer we continue to build on summers past and look forward to seeing you and your campers at
Camp Ki Tov 2012.
L’Shana Tova,
Erica Jolles and
Erica Jolles
Camp Ki Tov Director
Shereen Canady
Early Childhood Director
===== PAGE 120 =====
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s
Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Jewish Federation of Jacksonville 448-5000
Jewish Community Foundation of
Northeast Florida 394-0720
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Hebrew Home/
Wolfson Health & Aging Center 260-1818
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubavitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim 262-3565
118
===== PAGE 121 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service -j|
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you want. The main number
for the switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits are busy, a recorded message will offer step-by-step
instructions to the extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department or person, simply dial: 268-4200
and follow the recorded instructions. If your party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity to
leave a voice message or return to the switchboard.
Here is a list of helpful extenstions: Dial 268-4200, then...
110 Rose Tincher, Receptionist
111 Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Editor
112 Don Kriss, Executive Director
113 Lori Schoettler, Director of Finance
and Operations
115 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
115 Cassie Vichozsky,
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
116 Jessie Roman,
Galinsky Program’s Secretary
117 Leslie Manucy, Bookkeeping Dept.
120 Day School Computer Lab
129 Library - Louise Leonard, Librarian
134 Rabbi Jesse Olitzky
142 Margo’s Catering
143 Preschool Office
144 Shereen Canady,
Early Childhood Director
145 Religious School & Youth Dept.
146 Lois Tompkins,
Religious School Director
147 Talie Zaifert, Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School Director of Admissions
and Marketing
148 Jon Mitzmacher, Head of School
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
148 Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring,
Executive Assistant
149 Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
150 Brent Ganey, Facilities Supervisor
151 Kim Winters, Bookkeeping Dept.
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Hazzan Jesse Holzer
160 CampKiTov
224 Scott Zimmerman, Ritual Director
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Coordinator
119
===== PAGE 122 =====
Jack Hanania’s
Automotive Group
SUPPORiS OUR FRIENDS AND NEIGHRORS
AT THE JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
www.AcuraOfOrangePark.com
7200 Blanding Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32244
(904) 777-5600
Audi
Jacksonville
www.AudiJax.com
7230 Blanding Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32244
(904) 565-4000
www.Hyundai0f0rangePark.com
7600 Blanding Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32244
(904) 889-0900
of Orange Park
of Orange Park
Westside Hyundai coming soon! August 2011
VISIT US AT
facebook.com/HananiaAutomotive
Visit one of our four dealerships
for outstanding service and
pricing on hundreds of new and
used vehicles.
120
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 123 =====
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road . Jacksonville, FL 32257 . Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 . Fax: (904) 268-5292
This directory is for informational purposes. It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of August 30, 201 I
A
121
===== PAGE 124 =====
m
EMBASSY SUITES®
Jacksonville - Baymeadows
0300 Baymeadows Rd, Jacksonville, FL 32250
jacksonville.embassysuites.com
One for you, one for the kids.
You’re welcome.
When you stay with Embassy Suites, you get more. Like a spacious
two-room suite, complimentary drinks at our evening Manager’s
Reception* and free cooked to order breakfast. It all adds up to more
reasons to stay.
MORE REASONS TO STAY®
For reservations, call 800-362-2779 or visit embassysuitesjax.com.
Offer subject to availability; date restrictions and iength-of-stay requirements may apply. Advance reservations required. ^Service
of alcoholic beverages subject to state and local laws. Must be of legai drinking age. ™ indicates a trademark of Hilton Worldwide.
©2011 Hilton Worldwide.
nHHONORS
HILTON WORLDWIDE
122
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 125 =====
B
123
===== PAGE 126 =====
We’ve grown up together
Family owned and operated since 1905, we know the importance of tradition and community. That’s
why at Claude Nolan Cadillac, we’re proud supporters of the Jacksonville Jewish Center because like
our family, they have served our community for over a century.
CLAUDE NOLAN CADILLAC
4700 Southside at Gate Pkwy. | 904.642.5111 | www.claudenolan.com begin a lasting relationship
124
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 127 =====

===== PAGE 128 =====
c
126
===== PAGE 129 =====
D
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
My chance to treat all my guests like family.
My Homewood.
While you’re planning for that special day, do something memorable for those
who’ll be joining you. Have them stay in a relaxing suite with a fully-equipped
kitchen and enjoy a complimentary hot full breakfast daily at the Homewood
Suites by Hilton® St. John’s Town Center. Visit homewoodsuites.com or call
1 -800-CALL-HOME®. MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME.®
N. HHONORS
HILTON WORLDWIDE
©2010 Hilton Worldwide
Jacksonville South
St. Johns Town Center
10434 Midtown Parkway
Jacksonville, FL 32246
(904)641 - 7988
www.jacksonvillesouth.
homewoodsuites.com
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
Hilton
128
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 131 =====
129
===== PAGE 132 =====
With Compliments From
FAMILY ALLERGY &
ASTHMA CONSULTANTS
Drs. Sudhir Prabhu, Sunil Joshi, Mike Mass and Hary Katz
Certified, American Board of Allergy & Immunology
Serving Infants, Children and Adults
1677 Eagle Harbor Pkwy., Suite A, Fleming Island, FL 32003
4123 University Blvd. S., Suite B, Jacksonville, FL 32216
12276 San Jose Blvd., Suite 609, Jacksonville, FL 32223
1375 Roberts Dr., Suite 203, Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-636-9100
www.jaxallergists.com
COHEN CONSTRUCTION, INC
EST. 1977
Danny Cohen and Larry Maloy
REMODELING & REPAIRS
1074 10th Avenue S., Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
Phone (904) 696-7755
Fax (904) 696-7756
Licensed & Insured • General CGC 041634 • Roofing CCC 057561
1^ IV, X 11 t U (X 1115U1LU VJUlLiai V. VJL V7T 1 lUIUi
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
E.H.Thompson Company
“Food Service Equipment and Supplies Since 1912 foodservicI
NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
• China, Glass & Silver , J
• Kitchen Supplies hOd
• Bar Equipment
• Chemicals
• Refrigerators
• Bakery Equipment
TOLL FREE: apa a
1-800-780-1555 000“1
Heavy Duty
¿Up Cooking Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Pipi Products
• Furniture
• Custom Fabrication
I 555 (904) 354-4448
NEW LOCATION: 8081 PHILLIPS HWY.
STE 20* JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
130
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 133 =====
131
===== PAGE 134 =====
G
132
===== PAGE 135 =====

===== PAGE 136 =====
□dVid1? DiVun niima rm
Wishing you a year full of peace,
health and happiness.
Scot and Alexandra Ackerman
904.880.5522
10881 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32223 www.firstcoastoncology.com
It's Easy As 1-2-3
To Be PEST FREE.
TOTAI HOME PIOTICTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
DLC
Dermatology
& LASER
C E N T : E R
Termites
• Subterranean
• Formosan
• Drywood
• Pre-Construction Wood
& Soil Treatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
Pests
> Ants [ Roaches | Fleas
• Carpenter Ant Specialists
> Annually, Quarterly, Monthly
Fire Ants
• Guaranteed Annual
Fire Ant Program
for Lawns
BRANDON
Pest Control
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Palm Coast 447.0013
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
TERMIDOR* 2941 Dawn Rd. | Jacksonville FL 32207
WWW. PESTFREE .com
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGISTS
N Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA, Medical Director
Mark A Cohen, MD, MOHS Surgeon
Bruce Paley, DO • William Garvin, MD (ret)
Angela Y Armstrong, ARNP
Diseases, Laser and Surgery of the Hair, Skin and Nails
“Specializing in the Comprehensive Treatment for
Sun Damaged and Aging Skin”
Tumescent Liposuction • MOHS Surgery
The Quicklift MD- mini face, neck & brow lifts
Intense Pulse Light Laser for Sun Damaged Skin
Chemical Peels • Laser Resurfacing
Laser Hair Reduction and Laser Removal of Vascular &
Pigmented Lesions & Wrinkles
Botoxtm • Juvedermtm« Sculptra1"1» Restylanetm
‘Designated a Platinum Botox Injector since 2004
“Expertise, Experience and the Latest Technology
FOR ALL YOUR SKIN CARE PROBLEMS”
2055 Professional Center Drive
Orange Park, FL 32073
(904) 276-4500
www.dermatologyandlasercenter.net
134
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 137 =====
135
===== PAGE 138 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, inc.
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 388-2696
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CFC09184
GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS
TELEPHONE: (501) 220-6977
DAYTONA, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (386) 546-6039
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
136
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 139 =====
137
===== PAGE 140 =====
J
138
===== PAGE 141 =====
139
===== PAGE 142 =====
Highly Specialized
Orthopedic Care
All Fellowship-trained Physicians!
We are North Florida’s
highest trained group of
Orthopedic Specialists with
three locations to serve you.
Riverside Office
2627 Riverside Ave, Suite 300
Jacksonville, FL 32204
CenterONE Office
10475 Centurion Pkwy, Ste 220
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Orange Park Office
2300 Park Ave, Suite 203
Orange Park, FL 32073
Because Your Mobility Matters
T^C
Heekinif orthopedic
Specialists
Rahul Deshmukh, MD
Gavan Duffy, MD
Chris Goll, MD
R. David Heekin, MD, FACS
Robert Hurford, PhD, MD
Ulises Militano, MD
Kevin Murphy, MD
Paul Shirley, MD
Timothy Sternberg, DMD, MD
140
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
10950 San Jose Blvd Jax, FL 32223
tel 904-683-8346 fax 904-683-8349
www.letsnosh.com
Breakfast-Lun ch -Nosh -Dinn er
Í PMCH-A-PENNY A
V POOlPATK>-SttA 1
The Perfect People For A Perfect Pool
.YOUR POOL & PATIO SUPERSTORE !
11200 San Jose Blvd.
268-9561 .
Serving Mandarin
for 26 Years?
Ho# offering #eeYhf pool service /
142
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====
L
143
===== PAGE 146 =====
M
144
===== PAGE 147 =====

===== PAGE 148 =====
/
00*
j*: I
/
/
am jmm \m /
Mmuteman
Press
Proud Member of the
® Jacksonville Business Community
The First & Last Step
. j j ' ; > . I
In Printing
PRINTING
Letterhead
Envelopes
Newsletters
/
Brochures
Carbonless Forms
Books
Business Cards
Flyers
On-Line Ordering
OTHER SERVICES
• Graphic Design
• Cross Media Campaigns
(PURLS & Email Blasts)
■Variable Data
• Mail Services
• Lists
• Color Copying
• Faxes
• Advertising Specialties
• High Speed Copying
■ Rubber Stamps
•Wedding Invitations
• Holiday Cards
4185 Sunbeam Road, Suite 100 • Jacksonville, FL 32257
tel: (904) 733-5578 • fax: (904) 733-6568
sales@mmpjax.com • www.mmpjax.com
- A locally-owned, family-run business -
146
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====

===== PAGE 150 =====
Millie K. Taimen, DDS, PA
Master, Academy of General Dentistry
«¿as Millie K.
Tanm en,
DDS ST'
Helping our patients attain beautiful
smiles that enhance their lives and
their overall health
General and cosmetic dental care, including
Oral sedation (”relaxation ") dentistry
Veneers and whitening
Inv is align
Nobel implants
CEREC one-visit porcelain
American Academy
of Cosmetic Dentistry*
2011
IN VIS ALIGN
PREFERRED
PROVIDER
Located off San Jose Boulevard,
between Baymeadows and Sunbeam Roads
3810-5 Williamsburg Park Boulevard
Jacksonville, FL 32257
904-733-3360
www.tannendentalcare.com
www.facebook.com/tannendentalcare
CRYSTAL CLEAN POOL SERVICE, INC.
Adding TCeasure to Owning a TooC
Contact Us:
Office: (904} 855-8884
Fax: {904} 855-8839
Email;
nmicaM.n
Office
9020-1 Berry Aw
Jacksonvillo. Florida 32211
WhpWcAre;
Crystal Clean ftxd Service, Inc. is a
family owned business that has been
serving the greater Jacksonville area for
over seven years. We specialize in
weekly cleaning, equipment repairs and
pool renovations for Residential and
Commercial pools. We recognize the
importance and value of your complex
and want to offer our services in order
to keep your property in the best
condition. We take pride in our work
and want to thank you in advance for
giving us an opportunity to meet and
exceed your pool needs. If we can be of
any assistance, please give us a call at
your convenience.
Our Credentials:
• State Certified Pool/Spa Contractor
(CPC 1457970)
- Licensed to do repairs on
Commercial Equipment
. CPO Certified
• Certified in Stain Removal
(Tempool Certification)
« Upon Request, Certificate of
Insurance provided
"Vito
ffl
Italian Restaurant
The One and Only
The Original Family
owned and operated
authentic homemade
Italian Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
Serving Jacksonville for
27years at the same location
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
www.vitosjax.com
vitosjax@comcast.net
148
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====

===== PAGE 152 =====

===== PAGE 153 =====

===== PAGE 154 =====
Thank you
Jacksonville Jewish Center
for your patronage
Uar/Bat Mitzvah Parties
Shabbat Dinners
i
fy as!
Weddings/Recept/ons
Any Special Occasion
Ramada
MANDARIN
The Pozin family invites you be our guest at our family owned
& operated hotel. We wish you health 8c happiness this year.
1-295 & San Jose Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32257
904.268.8080 | www.jaxramada.com
www.crulsersgrill.com
5613 San Jose Blvd. Suite 1
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-737-BURG (2874)
319 23rd Ave., South
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-270-0356
3 St. George Street
St. Augustine, FL 32084
904-824-6993
9734 Deerlake Court
Jacksonville, FL 32246
904-646-2874
Weather Engineers, Inc.
Air Conditioning • Heating • Refrigeration Specialist
DAN GRIFFIN
President
1000 Edison Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32204-2819
904 356-3963 • Fax 356-4969
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Thursday 9:00am - 6:00 pm
Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm
EXPERT JEWELRY
AND WATCH REPAIR
6059 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Tel: 904.731.4646
Fax: 904.731.4625
JGraff@LaTiendaJewelry.com
www.LaTiendaJewelry.com
WE BUY GOLD
Highest Prices Paid
Whether you’re looking for an insurance appraisal, jewelry repair, watch
repair, 14K and 18K gold chains, charms, rings and bracelets. Diamonds of
all sizes, precious and semi-precious stones. Seiko watches, silver jewelry
and the largest inventory of gold Judaic jewelry in Jacksonville.
La Tienda Jewelry is your complete source for all your jewelry needs, with
over 41 years of experience!
152
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====
m
===== PAGE 156 =====
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
PRESIDENT
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
FOOTBALL
FANATICS
®
AVENUES MALL
519-0099
ORANGE PARK MALL
269-0639
WWW.FOOTBALLFANATICS.COM
BEST WISHES FOR A
HAPPY & HEALTHY NEW YEAR
154
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 157 =====
s
155
===== PAGE 158 =====
156
===== PAGE 159 =====

===== PAGE 160 =====
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., RA.
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ear, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 262-7“ ENT” (7368)
www.ent4kids.net
Eliot J. Safer
Attorney at Law
DUSS KENNEY
SAFER HAMPTON & JOOS, PA
4348 Southpoint Boulevard
Suite 101
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone: 904.543.4300
Facsimile: 904.543.4301
Email: esafer@jaxfirm.com
158
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====
CRAIG MORGENTHAL, MD, FACS
NORTH FLORIDA SURGEONS
BAPTIST DOWNTOWN DIVISION
Drs. Bowers, Crump, Felger, Hodgett,
LeRNER, MORGENTHAL & POLLEY
GENERAL & LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
BARIATRIC SURGERY
Baptist Medical Pavilion
836 Prudential Dr. #1107
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Phone (904) 398-0033
Fax (904) 398-6774
www.nflsurgeons.com
MIZRAHI
AND GARRIS
INSURANCE AGENCY
(904)737-1344
Lexus GS - Hummer
Infin iti FX45 - QX56
Excursion - Magnum
Land Yacht — 300
07 Escalade with Spa
Susie got ft Gofn' <m,- . . ,
At Susmumoxom
Home • Auto • Life
Excess Liability
We are dedicated to the complete personal service
of your insurance needs
We look forward to your call
904.262.9202
www.InsuranceMG.com
A GLOBAL SOURCE OF LIFE-ENHANCING SCIENTIFIC BREAKTHROUGHS.
INNOVATION
A LEADER IN TECHNOLOGICAL AND CUTTING-EDGE INVENTIONS.
iiívisvr
Development Corporation for Israel
State of Israel Bonds
12600 South Belcher Road, Suite 101A
Largo, Florida 33773
Reva Pearlstein
Assistant Director
Monica DiGiovanni
Registered Representative
(800) 622-8017
tampa@israelbonds.com
www.israelbonds.com
Follow Israel Bonds on Facebook and Twitter
BECOME A PARTNER IN ISRAEL’S FUTURE.
INVEST IN ISRAEL BONDS.
ii k i
ISRAEL BONDS
This is not an offering, which can be made only by prospectus. Read the
prospectus carefully before investing to fully evaluate the risks associated
with investing in State of Israel bonds. Issues subject to availability.
160
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 163 =====

===== PAGE 164 =====
T
V
162
===== PAGE 165 =====
w
163
===== PAGE 166 =====
A Real New York Style Delicatessen
YOUR SUPERMARKET OF
PARTY SUPPLIES
Paper & Plastic Plates • Colored Napkins
Tablecovers & Skirting
Plastic Drinkware • Catering Supplies
Bulk Goods • In Store Imprinting
Custom Banners • Theme Decorations
Wedding Accessories
Balloons & Helium • Costumes etc.
On Site Balloon Decorating Professionals
Larry Smith & Billy Silverman
Ue'M
- 737-7700
6849 St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32217
An Authentic Delicatessen
A Taste of New York in the
Palm of your hand
Everything is Homemade
Worth the drive-1000 Palm Coast Pkwy.
Palm Coast (386)-446-0074
Open everyday- carry out-7am to 4 pm
100 seat dining room-7am - 3 pm
Kettle Boiled Bagels & Bialvs, Grandma’s Chopped Liver.
Corned Beef, Pastrami. Brisket. Tongue and more
Catering with an artist’s touch delivered to you!
www.bestbaqelsanddeli.com
We deliver to Jacksonville monthly
THE
ICE
MAN
We Deliver 50 lb. Bags
of Cubed Ice
24 Hours a Day
We also Lease Ice Machines
Fast
Deliveries
Restaurants
Lounges • Motels
Special Events
Parties
384-2013
164
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 167 =====
165
===== PAGE 168 =====
DAILY
f LUNCH \
SPECIALS
Northern &
Southern
IVOtVFR
Specialties
MASALA INDIAN CUISINE • 9825 SAN JOSE BLVD. #6
Séíé
10% off
ANY T0-G0
ORDER
15%off
ANY DINE-IN
ORDER
M Off or o
FREE BEVERAGE
with lunch special
^904.268.6499
fKIli 9825 SAM JOSE BLVD, #6
(BEHIMD OUTBACK STEAKHOUSE)
lÍ®SÉk;
vegetarian
Choices!!
166
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 169 =====

===== PAGE 170 =====
L'Dor V'Dor Society
Investing in tomorrow's Jewish Leaders
^ " ¿X 'w jj
* jiBI
gflpl I „ /^>'j
■ v I 4 I #*
From generation to generation, Jewish education
has been a cornerstone of the Jacksonville Jewish
community. The L'Dor V'Dor Society is an annual
campaign that allows YOU to continue investing in
tomorrow's Jewish leaders.
L’DOR V’DOR SOCIETY
At the Jacksonville Jewish Center
More info:
904.292.1000
www.jaxjewishcenter.com/supportthejjc/ldorvdorsociety
168
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 171 =====
October 2011
Tishrei 5772 - Cheshvan 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
SAT/SUN
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
' '
SV'r;
Tishrei 3 1
Shabbat Ends 7:48pm
1 ' ' 7
5 3
~B 1 i
F “
8 6
V "7
10 8
Yom Kippur
Erev Yom Kippur
Light Candles 6:47pm
Yom Kippur
Shabbat Ends 7:40pm
11 9
mamá wm' : 10
13 . 11
74 ' 12
wn¡ i g if —?5
16 i * 14
17 15
Erev Sukkot
Light Candles 6:42pm
Sukkot
Light Candles 7:34pm
Sukkot
Congregational Sukkot Dinners
Light Candles 6:39pm
\T8;; --46
Sukkot
19 17
W7 f: p
2M 19
22 ’ . | , a>
23 21
24 22
Sukkot
Sukkot
Hoshana Raba
Light Candles 6:34pm
Shemini Atzeret
Light Candles 7:27pm
Simchat Torah
Light Candles 6:32pm
Shabbat Ends 7:25pm
mim ■ mm
m 1 ““ 24
/ f • ; “25
28 26
29 27
30 §i 28
Cheshvan 1 29
Levine
bMitzvah
Light Candles 6:25pm
Shabbat tnds 7:19pm
W~WFWF7r7~' ~
169
===== PAGE 172 =====
November 2011
Cheshvan 5772 - Kislev 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Cheshvan 4 1
5 2
6 3
7 4
3 5
Oneg Shabbat Service
Light Candles 6:19pm
Shabbat Ends 7:13pm
Chai Run
10 7
11 8
12 9
13 10
14 11
15 12
Mizrahi
bMitzvan
Veteran’s Day
USY fall Convention
Light Candles 5:15pm
SliM Ends 6:09pih IUSY fall Convention
IB JJ
USY fall Convention
17 14
18 15
19 16
20 17
21 18
22 19
Kadima Convention
Light Candles 5:11pm
Kadima Convention
Shabbat Ends 6:06pm
23 20
74 ' 27
75 77
75 ' 73
7? 24
75 75
73 77
Thanksgiving Day
Light Candles 5:09pm
Shabbat Ends 6:05pm
Kislev 1 27
7 73
1 29
4 3Ü
December 2011
Kislev 5772 - Tevet 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Kislev 5 1
6 2
7 3
Oneg Shabbat Service
Light Candles 5:08pm
Axelrod Wedding
Shabbat Ends 6:04pm
8 4
g £
Id 6
77 7
12 8
13 3
14 10
| Hlotkin
bMitzvan |
Light Candles 5:08pm
Shabbat Ends 6:05pm
"73 7T
16 12
17 13
18 14
19 15
20 16
21 17
Light Candles 5:10pm
Tiyul to Shul
Shabbat Ends 6:07pm
~22 W
73 73
74 70
25 21
75 77
77 73
~73 7T
1st Night ofHanukkah
2nd Night of Hanukkah
Hanukkah Celebration
3rd Night ofHanukkah
4th Night ofHanukkah
College Student
Shabbat
Light Candles 5:13pm
5th Night of Hanukkah
Shabbat Ends 6:11pm
29 25
6th Night of Hanukkah
It3 73
Tevet 1 27
7 73
1 30
_
7th Night ofHanukkah
8th Night of Hanukkah
Light Candles 5:17pm
New Year’s Eve
Yegelwel Wedding
Shabbat Ends 6:15pm
170
===== PAGE 173 =====
January
Tevet 57
2012
72 - Shavat 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Tevet 6 1
New Year’s Day
7 , 2
i ■ 3
9 4
10 5
77 B
12 7
Light Candles 5:23pm
Shabbat Ends 6:20pm
13 F
Daniel’s Kids Service Day
14 ; ■ 9
15 10
16 11
17 12
18 13
19 14
Lubliner
bMitzvan |
Light Candles 5:28pm
Shabbat Ends 6:26pm
~ZÜ w
U ' ■ w
22 17
23 - ; - 18
14 19
25 20
IB W
| Sha
b b a t at
Sea |
Light Candles 5:34pm
Shabbat tnds 6:31pm
17 2?
Shabbat at Sea
28 * 23
29 24
Shevat 1 25
2 26
3 27
4 ' 28
wajsman
BMitzvah |
Light Candles 5:41pm
Shabbat Ends 6:37pm
5 29
6 30
7 31
February 2012
Shavat 5772 - Adar 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY SAT/SUN
_ _
Shevat8 1
Q 9
Wirsansky
BMitzvah
Light Candles 5:47pm
Shabbat tnds 6:42pm
12 " "T
13 6
....... ........ ...... ...... .. : . ..... : : - .............
14 ‘ 7[
15 8
16 9
17- ■ 10
18 ■ [11
Tu B’Shvat
Light Candles 5:52pm
MJGDS Consecration
Shabbat Ends 6:48pm
W ~ T?
20 | 13
21 14
22 11 15
23 * 7 16
\24 ‘ — "77
25 „ . 18
| Kit ay
BMitzvah \
Light Candles 5:58pm
Shabbat tnds 6:53pm
~2B ~- \ 13
27 20
~28 ' ~n
W ' — i?
W~ ' 3
JdaTl “ ~14
T 15
President’s Day
Goldstein
BMitzvah |
Light Candles 6:03pm
Shabbat Ends 6:58pm
3 26
$ # | ;* - - 27
5 , ' ; l ~1; 28
6 «' ' ;; , " ' , . ... 29
171
===== PAGE 174 =====
March 2
Adar 57]
*012
f2 - Nissan 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Adar 7 1
8 2
9 3
| Miller
BMitzvah |
Light Candles 6:08pm
Shabbatbnds 7:03pm
ID ?
Purim Experience
77 5
1 5
77 7
73 7
75 V
16 10
Purim Celebration
Purim
Purim
Light Candles 6:13pm
Shabbat Ends 7:07pm
77 Tf
Family University
18 12
19 13
20 14
21 15
22 16
23 17
Light Candles 7:18pm
S’hood Shabbat
Shabbat Ends 8:12pm
\ ¿u- lo j
USY Sub Regional Convention
25 19
26 20
28 22
29 23
Nissan 1 24
Light Candles 7:22pm
Men’s Club Shabbat
Shabbat Ends 8:16pm
2 25
3 26
4 27
5 28
6 29
7 30
8 31
Brachas on the Beach
Light Candles 7:26pm
April 2012
Nissan 5772 - Ivar 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Nissan 9 1
10 2
11 3
12 4
13 5
14 6
15 7
Erev Pesach
Congregational Seder
Light Candles 7:30pm
Pesach
Shabbat Ends 8:25pm
IB F
Pesach
17 9
18 10
19 11
20 12
21 13
22 14
Pesach
Pesach
Pesach
Pesach
Light Candles 7:34pm
Pesach
Light Candles 7:35pm
Pesach
Shabbat Ends 8:30pm
13 TF
24 16
25 17
26 18
27 19
28 20
29 21
Yom Hashoah
Safer Shabbaton Weekend
Light Candles 7:39pm
Safer Shabbaton Weekend
Shabbat Ends 8:35pm
30 22
Safer Shabbaton Weekena
USY Regional Convention
lyar 1 23
2 24
3 25
4 26
5 27
6 28
Yom Ha Zikaron
Gordon
BMitzvah \
Yom HaAtzma’ut
Light Candles 7:44pm
Shabbatbnds 8:40pm
7 29
1 w
172
===== PAGE 175 =====
May 201
Ivar 577Í
12
- Sivan
5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
iyar9 1
agi g
11 3
12 4
13 5
Light Candles 7:48pm
Celebration
Shabbat Ends 8:45pm
Celebration
75 7
IE 1 ‘ 3
77; " : ” 5
w
19 11
20 12
Lag B’Omer
BASRS Consecration
BASRS Graduation
Light Candles 7:53pm
Shabbat Ends 8:50pm
~FI 17
22 :: : .: / ;; . 14
23 ■ 15
24 \ ; • 16
25 . 17
26 18
27 19
| Zimmerman
Light Candles 7:57pm
BMitzvah J
Shabbat Ends 8:56pm
m78 W
29 21
Sivan 1 22
2 23
3 24
4 25
5 26
Light Candles 8:02pm
Light Candles 9:00pm
Erev Shavuot
6 27
Shavuot
Light Candles 9:01pm
7 28
8 29
9 30
10 31
, '
Memorial Day
Shavuot
Annual Meeting
June 2012
Sivan 5772 - Tammuz 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Sivan 11 1
12 . . ; 2
Light Candles 8:05pm
¡Üj | lj| Jl: |ip
14 4
15 5
16 6
17 7
18 8
19 9
MJGDS Graduation
Light Candles 8:09pm
Shabbat Ends 9:08pm
— m
m 11
22 12
23 13
24 ; ;' , . 14
W - — 15
26 16
Light Candles 8:12pm
Shabbat Ends 9:11pm
17 T7
28 18
29 : ~ T~ 19
30 20
Tammuz 1 21
2 : ! . 22
3 23
Light Candles 8:13pm
Shabbat Ends 9:13pm
4 v ; 24
5 25]6 26
7 27
8 28
9 29
10 30
Light Candles 8:14pm
^Shacrntncls9H3pm
173
===== PAGE 176 =====
July 2012
Tammuz 5772 - Av 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Tammmuz 11 1
13 3
7? 7
15 5
16 6
17 7
Light Candles 8:14pm
Shabbat Ends 9:12pm
IS 7
19 9
21 11
22 12
23 13
24 14
Light Candles 8:12pm
Shabbat Ends 9:14pm
25 15
26 16
27 17
28 18
29 19
Av 1 20
Light Candles 8:09pm
Shabbat Ends 9:07pm
4 B
5 24
7 26
8 27
9 28
Light Candles 8:05pm
Tisha B’Av
Shabbat Ends 9:02pm
10 29
11 30
12 31
August 2012
Av 5772 - Elul 5772
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Av 13 1
14 2
15 3
Light Candles 8:00pm
Shabbat Ends 8:56pm
7/ b
18 6
19 7
20 8
21 9
22 10
23 11
Light Candles 7:54pm
Shabbat Ends 8:49pm
~2T~ W
25 13
26 14
27 15
28 16
29 17
30 18
Light Candles 7:48pm
Shabbat Ends 8:42pm
Turn w
2 20
3 21
4 22
5 23
6 24
7 25
Light Candles 7:40pm
Shabbat Ends 8:34pm
9 27
10 28
11 29
14 September 1
Levine
BMitzvah
Light Candles 7:32pm
Shabbat Ends 8:25pm
174
===== PAGE 177 =====
Best Wishes
to Everyone for
Happy; Healthy; Sweet
New Year
VShana Tova
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Nina & Sophie
===== PAGE 178 =====
Best Wishes
for a Healthy
& Happy New Year
The Selevan Family
Jack
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
176
===== PAGE 179 =====
L’Shana Tova
Wishing You a Happy and
Healthy Holiday Filled with
Family, Friends and Good Times
Chase, 1
Bennett & Wendell
===== PAGE 180 =====
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Heathly New Year
Laurie & Linda DuBow
Susan & Shira
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Joshua & Samantha
===== PAGE 181 =====
L’Shana Tova
Good Health, Happiness & Peace
to You and Yours
Throughout the Year
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
May the Coming Year
Bring to you all the Blessings
of Health, Peace & Joy
The Shorstein Family
179
===== PAGE 182 =====
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Jack & Trida
Bettman
L’Shana Tova
Wishing you a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Harriet & Ernie Brodsky
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Ansley & Ashton Brodsky
Best Wishes
for a Healthy & Happy
New Year
Merle & Ron Cherry
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin, Amy & Dylan
Marc, Jenny, Ethan
& Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Gail, Paul
& Liza Furman
and
Sylvia Gottlieb
180
===== PAGE 183 =====
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Nathan, Diane
Elizabeth, Emily
& Laura Goldman
May the Coming Year
Bring You Joy
& Happiness
Good Health & Peace
Bruce, Edith, Sam
Max & Mindy Horovitz
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Renee & Alan Gordon
Ronnie & Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natalie
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Elbe Claire
Dana, Jack & Georgia
VShana Tova
We wish all our friends
& relatives a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Debby & Alan Katz
and F amily
181
===== PAGE 184 =====
VShana Tova
Our Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Drs. Jeffrey & llene
Levenson
Annie, Brian & Eric
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
& Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
moan am
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
—High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
A Year of Peace &
Blessing to all the Members
of the Center Family
naita nsti
npinai nma me?1?
May this be a year of
Happiness, Health
And Peace for us all
Shana Tova
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan
Avichai, Elior
& Itamar Lubliner
Rabbi Jesse, Andrea
& Cayla Olitzky
182
===== PAGE 185 =====
L’Shana Tova
A very Happy &
Healthy New Year to
Rabbi Lubliner & family,
Rabbi Olitzky & family and
Hazzan Holzer & family and
to the entire congregation
Hope to see all of you
on Shabbat.
Barbara Parker
Jeffrey & Debbie Parker & Family
Dr. Larry & Stacie Wilf & Family
•DrDn rana natf1?
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew & Dede
Morry & Rachel
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi & Louis
Sara & Brian Binder
Wishing Everyone a
Very Happy & Healthy
New Year
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
& Ethan Plotkin
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Janet & Michael
Scharf
===== PAGE 186 =====
[ P L’Shana Tova 41
Best Wishes for a
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
Happy & Healthy
New Year
New Year
Ellen, Barry
& Dena Setzer
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
Josh & Carly
Best Wishes
for a Healthy &
Happy New Year
For the New Year
& Always...
Health, Happiness
& Peace
to You & Yours
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Michael & Lauren Setzer
Benjamin, Melanie, George
& Zachary Setzer
Faye & Ari Schuchman
The Weitzen Family
Jerry & Dianne
Michael, Mangala
Maya & Joseph
Leah, Tim & Skye Seymour
Mandy & Jeremy Harris
184
===== PAGE 187 =====
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
Wishing Everyone
a Happy & Healthy New Year
The Berger Family
Brad & Ruthie
Eric, Tori & Hailey
Happy New Year
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
& Jodi Schneider
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth
Emily & Laura Goldman
L’Shana Tova
Greg & Barbara Arnold
Happy New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Jodi Schneider
L’Shana Tova
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
L’Shana Tova
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley, Izabella & Max
Brian, Amy, Charlotte & Parker
185
===== PAGE 188 =====
i
L’Shana Tova «
m
mk
May You All Have a Year of
Healthy Happiness & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Mann^ Ethan, Samuel
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina & Richard Buckman
Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
A Happy, Healthy
& Peaceful New Year
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
Sincere Wishes for a Healthy,
Happy New Year
Maxine & Jerry Funk
Amy, Chris, Jordan &
Abbie Peterson
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
The Levines
Bill, Stevie & Samanatha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
Wishing you Peace, Health
& Prosperity in the
Year to Come
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
UShana Tova
Jan, Bruce
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Best Wishes for a Year
Filled with Healthy
Happiness & Peace
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Cara
Emily & Erik
May we all be Blessed with a
Year of Healthy Joy & Peace!
Sylvia Lubliner
and Family
186
===== PAGE 189 =====
Wishing You a Sweet
& Healthy New Year
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
& Gabrielle Margol
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Elaine Aston Mendelson
Wishing you the
Sweetness of a New Year
L’Shana Tova
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
Wishing you, your Family
& Friends a Wonderful,
Warm & Fulfilling New Year
L’Shana Tova
The Schoettlers
Jim, Lori, Kyle, Katie & Josh
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Mary & Leonard Selber
and Family
Our Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Judy & Steve Silverman
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay
Whitney & Jillian Rosenberg
May your New Year be as
sweet as the apples & honey
we eat at this time of the year
The Werwa Family
Todd, Lara, Griffith & Alana
===== PAGE 190 =====
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Our
Friends, Family & Chavurah
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
Wishing You a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Larry, Carla, Josh
Geri & Sam Bernard
Wishing You a Year
Filled with Many Blessings
Evan, Arlene
Esther & Tania Yegelwel
Wishing Everyone a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Nancy & Seeman
Zimmerman
Cara, Justin & Riley
Happy New Year
Anita, Jeffrey
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy Eli
& Gabriella Eden Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas, Stella Rachel,
Daisy Fay & Jerry Mordechai Muzin
Best Wishes for the New Year
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Best Wishes to All Our Friends
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
LaVerne & Andrew Cantor
Adam & Megan Cantor, Sara & Dimitri Kavalieros
Ayden, Elliot & Theodore
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jack & Anita Dittman
Ricky, Elaine & Lauren Mack
Mark & Erica Gottlieb
Gary & Arlene Schwartz
188
===== PAGE 191 =====
ri. 1UVA ^ 1
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Lester, Sandy & Bobbi Edelstein
Mindy, Walker & Rachel Whaley
L’Shana Tova
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh & Tara Kornblum
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Best Wishes for a
Peaceful & Healthy New Year
Ben & Pat Frisch & Family
The Krestul Family
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Missy Frisch, Fddie & Britney
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace,
Health & Happiness
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Health & Happiness
Carole Goldberg & Family
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
Best Wishes for a Healthy,
Peaceful & Successful New Year
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Beverly Goldstein & Family
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Happy New Year
Warmest Wishes for a
The Goldstein Family
Jeff, Doris, Ellen, Max & Aliza
Happy & Healthy New Year
Barbara & Bennie Margol
Best Wishes on a
Healthy & Happy New Year
May the Coming Year be a Happy One
for You & Yours
The Gottlieb Family
Marilyn & Mike Mass
L’Shana Tova
L’Shana Tova
Bobbie Heyman & Family
Dr. Edward & Judy Mizrahi
and Family
A
===== PAGE 192 =====
fl
L’Shana Tova «
L’Shana Tova
Faye, Steven, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Best Wishes for a Healthy
& Happy New Year
Alan, Ellen
Rachel, Adam & Gabriel Rosner
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Robin, Jeffery, Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron & Noa Stember
Wishing You a Year of Good
Health & Peace
George & Ellen Rubens
Joshua, Cara, Jacob & Zachery
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly
“No Act of non, No Matter
How Small, Is Ever Wasted”
Love, Judy Naftulin Geller Nevel
Wishing You a Healthy
& Happy New Year
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
L’Shana Tova
Kathy, Morrie & Ashley Lois Osterer
Natalie, Eli, Esther Shira & Simcha Leah Menaged
Jessica, Victor & Shayna Yvette Hassid
Melissa & Douglas Storch
Best Wishes for a Year
of Peace, Health & Happiness
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee, Mischa & Aaron Pollock
May the Coming Year bring you Joy &
Happiness, Good Health & Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
Wishing You a Year of Good Health
Happiness, Contentment & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
L’Shana Tova Tikatavn
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Lisa & Stefanie
Ivy, Joshua & Nathan Jack Weingram
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
Lor the New Year & Always
Health, Happiness & Peace
Dr. Kenneth & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige &
Henry Benjamin, Elizabeth & Sarah
Best Wishes, Good Health & Happy New Year
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol, Douglas, Zita, Tzuriel
& Shmuel Chaim Weinstein
L’Shana Tova Tikatavu
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Wishing Your Family a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Beth, Howie, Evan
Rochelle Shainbrown
Andrew & Emma Wolpoff
Wishing our Family and Friends
a Healthy, Happy, Peaceful
& Prosperous New Year
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
Dr. Mark, Roz & Rachael Abramson
Alexandra & Barrett Mooney
L’Shana Tova
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Happy New Year
Estelle & Stuart Beckerman
Carole & Barry Sinoff
L’Shana Tova
Mort & Vera Benjamin
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
Happy New Year
Marsha Berdit & Family
Greetings & Best Wishes
Edward E. Bernard
Wishing You a Fruitful Year
Full of Love & Happiness
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael and Hilda Warfield
Happy New Year
Gertrude Bernhardt & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Annette Grauer
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Philip, Linda, Lauren & Sasha Bloom
Esther Weiss & Family
Wishing You a Healthy & Happy New Year
Naomie & Bob Bossen
L’Shana Tova
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Kyler & Taryn
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Becky Bromberg
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie & Sadie Witten
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year to all Our Fellow Congregants j
Allan & Kathy Cohen
===== PAGE 194 =====
L’Shana Tova
A Healthy & Happy New Year
David, Sonya, Gabrielle & Joel Cohen
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
To one and all, have a wonderful New Year
Jerry & Kathy Cohn
A Happy Healthy New Year
Sheldon & Harriett Kaplan, Lee, Kevin & Darleen
Best Wishes for the New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
Wishing You a New Year filled with many
Blessings of Peace, Health & Happiness
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
L’Shana Tova
Sandi Driben
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy Year
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof & Family
A Happy & Peaceful New Year
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
Happy New Year
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Alan Edelstein
A Happy & Healthy New Year to All
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
Happy New Year from Our Family to Yours!
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline & Amelia Emas
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hy Kliman & Family
L’Shana Tova to All
Heather, Lenny, Jeremy, David & Shira Ferman
Peace, Good Health & Happiness for the New Year
Jack Koolik
L’Shana Tova
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
A Happy, Healthy New Year
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
Happy New Year
Bonnie Gelman
Our Best Wishes for a Happy, Healthy New Year
Naomi & Larry Lazar
L’Shana Tova
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
New Year’s Greetings
Kal & Judith Levinson
L’Shana Tova
Neil, Minda, Josh & Jennie Gordon
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
A Happy & Healthy New Year
May Grann & Family
Happy New Year
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg & Sharon Michaels
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben Hoffenberg
Happy New Year
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Dena, Jonathan, Debra, Sara & Bruce
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
L’Shana Tova u ‘Metuka!
Susan, Jeff, Melissa & Sarah Neadle
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Arthur Hurwitz
L’Shana Tova u‘Metuka
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
192
===== PAGE 195 =====
L’Shana Tova
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Barbara & Philip Pakula
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Cindy, Randy, Arnie & Alex Silverberg
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Maura, Alex, Hannah & Joel Silverstein
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Martin & Charles Pett
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Family & Friends
Doris & Fred Singer
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Best Wishes for a Peaceful New Year
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
Happiness, Peace & Good Health
Ron & Lita Poehlman
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Arlene, Jerry & Jason Rademan
Alyssa, Matthew & Ella Paige Siegel
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Joan & Ben Talpalar
Happy & Healthy New Year
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Rexine, Charles & Asher Trager
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year to All
Harry & Dot Verstandig
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Devon, Perrin, Avi & Micah Rubin
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Sumner & Joan Waitz
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Bernard & Celia Sachs
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow & Family
May This New Year Bring Happiness & Peace to You
& Those You Love
Frances Schemer & Family
Happy New Year
Daniel, Cathy, Life, Mari, Travis
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
Happy New Year
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
A Happy & Healthy New Year
David, Priscilla, Jason
Matthew & Shoshana Schmerer
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin, George & Zachary Setzer
Happy New Year
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
Wishing you a Happy & Healthy New Year
Zipora Zucker
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim, Talia, liana & Ross Shmunes
193
===== PAGE 196 =====
L’Shana Tova
ft
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler & Family
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Gail & Neil Baron
Anne Benjamin & Family
Brian & Judie Benwick
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson, Brenna & Jack Dacks
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Arlene Faracchio
Yakov Feig, Denise Sherman, Joshua & Anna
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Etta Fialkow
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Rose Goldberg
Helen Goldman & Family
Sol & Hilda Goldman
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Diane & Allen Gray & Family
Roz Hecht
Faye & Dan Hedrick
The Honigmans
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Mimi & Marty Kaufman & Family
Hank, Ellen Kopp & Family & Phyllis Fried
Walter & Sylvia Kraemer
Dorothy S. Legum
Paula Lerner
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Phyllis Paul Lewis & Family
Clara & Milton Mann
Carol & Harvey Matoren
Hilda Mazo & Family
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
Lillian Meizlik
Judith B. Mizrahi
Ira & Evelyn Peck
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
Leon Robins & Family
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
William Rose
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
A1 & Camilla Schneider
Mr. & Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
Ann & Leon Silke & Family
Lynn Sussman
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier & Family
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Tompkins
Jean Weinberg & Family
Sandra Weiss & Family
Carole & Howard Wolpin
Elsie Yellin
Benjamin Zimmerman
194
===== PAGE 197 =====
►—Directory of Advertisers
A
C
A A Susies Limousine, Inc
.160
Cakes and More by Catrina
40
Abramson, Mark L. M.D
.116
Cancer Specialists of North Florida
,.114
Ackerman, Scot M.D.
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
First Coast Oncology
.134
CarBux Carwash
...116
Acura of Orange Park
.120
Catering by Liz Grenamyer
45
A Fantasy in Flowers
...50
Claims Security of America
58
Affordable Water
.110
Harvey Mataren
AIC
...24
Carol Mataren
Ashford Services
.116
Claude Nolan Cadillac
...124
Assessment Technologies Group -
Cohen, Raymond -
42
Stephen Pollan
.108
Invitations By Raymond
Athens Café
...84
Cohen Construction, Inc
...130
Atlantic Security
...58
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy
10
Audi Jacksonville
.120
Craig Morgenthal, MD, FACS -
...160
North Florida Surgeons
B
Cruisers Grill
...152
Balloon Decorating Specialists
...41
Robert Handmaker
Balotin, Scott M. -
Crystal Clean Pools
...148
Digger Capital Management, Inc
...38
n
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
U
Barzak, Rabbi Israel J. - Certified Mohel
...43
Dan Harris PhotoArt
50
BDT Concepts, Inc
.116
Daniel L. Wohí,M.D.,P.A. -
...158
Berman Bros., Inc
.110
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
Beachview Event Rentals & Design
...51
D’Land Entertainment
45
Best Bagels & Deli
.164
Development Corporation for
Bistro AIX
...18
Israel State of Israel Bonds
...160
Blosam Constructors, Inc. -
.110
Digger Capital Management, Inc. -
38
Philip H. Bloom
Scott M. Balotin
Bob Ham Eyewear
.112
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center -
...134
Borland-Groover Clinic-
...16
N. Fred Eaglstein D.O., P.A.
Lawrence S. Goldberg
Duss Kenney Safer
Mark L. Fleisher
Hampton and Joos. P.A.-
...158
Brandon Pest Control-
.134
Eliot J. Safer
Stuart Herman
Brumos Motor Cars Inside Front Cover
E
Brumos Collision Centers
Eaglstein, Fred N. D.O., P.A. -
...134
Brumos Porsche
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center
Brumos Racing
E.H. Thompson Company
...130
Bubis, Jeffrey A. D.O., FACOI, FACP -
,114
Eliot J. Safer -
...158
Cancer Specialists of North Florida
Duss Kenney
Buckeye Cleaning Center-Jacksonville....
,116
Safer Hampton and Joos, P.A.
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc. 114
Embassy Suites Hotel
.122
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
Espling Jewelers
...44
Bressler, Joel
,.110
Evergreen Cemetery
...56
Family Allergy & Asthma Consultants ■.... 130
Mike Mass M.D.
Hary Katz M.D.
Farmers Market 2
First Coast Oncology 134
Scot Ackerman M.D.
Florida Wilbert, Inc 56
Football Fanatics 154
Funtastik Balloons 43
Gay, W.W. ■
Mechanical Contractor, Inc 136
George H. Hewell and
Son Funeral Homes 57
Gold Hills Jewelry 49
Goldfield, Ira E. CLU ChFC 6
Goldstein Commercial Properties, Inc 58
Greene-Hazel &
Associates, Inc Inside Back Cover
Grenamyer, Liz Catering by 45
H
Hair Cuttery 130
Hala Cafe & Bakery 38
Ham, Bob Eyewear 112
Hardage - Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 56
Harris L. Rittenberg D.M.D 116
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside, CPA 110
Heeken Orthopedic Specialist 140
Hewell, George H. and Son
Funeral Homes 57
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 128
Hyundai of Orange Park 120
I
Invitations By Raymond - 42
Raymond Cohen
Impressions- 41
Randee Steinberg
Shari Saye
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU ChFC 6
Israel Bonds 160
195
===== PAGE 198 =====
¥—Directory of Advertisers —4}
J
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 120
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc. - 106
Carl Cushnir
Joel Bressler 110
JNF - Jewish National Fund 14
K
Kaplan, Sheldon J. Ph.D. & Associates 84
Keller Williams Realty- 112
Paige Wajsman
Kelly, Brian T. - 24
Shorstein & Kelly
Attorneys At Law, P.A.
Kirby Rentals, LLC 44
Kuhn Flowers 52
L
LaTienda Jewelry And Pawn 152
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 112
Let’s Nosh Deli Co 142
Mark D. Kahn
Lexus of Jacksonville Inside Front Cover
Lexus of Orange Park Inside Front Cover
M
Marks, Jeffrey B.
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 106
Margo’s Catering 40
Mark L. Abramson M.D 116
Mark Spivak’s -
Institute of Fine Arts Dance Extention.... 42
Masala Indian Cuisine 166
Mediterrania Restaurant 110
Mercedes-Benz of
Orange Park Inside Front Cover
Millie K. Tannen, DDS, PA 148
Minuteman Press 146
Mizrahi and Garris Insurance Agency -.... 160
Dennis Mizrahi
Morris & Morris P.A., CPA- 106
Joel C. Morris
Mugwamp Productions 48
N
North Florida Surgeons - 160
Craig Morgenthal,MD,FACS
0
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixiology 48
P
Paige Wajsman - 112
Keller Williams Realty
Party City -
The Discount Party Super Store -
Dana Zaifert 52
Party Land -
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies 164
Billy Silverman
Larry Smith
Patten School Bus Services, Inc 114
Pinch-A-Penny Pool - Patio - Spa 142
Piner’s Lock & Safe 116
PRI Productions 46
Process Master, Inc 38
Publix 114
R
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak - Certified Mohel 43
Ramada Conference Center - 152
Fred Pozin
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D 116
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic 10
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 106
Jeffrey B. Marks
S
Safer, Eliot J. - Duss Kenney 158
Safer Hampton & Joos, P.A.
Sandler, Jeffrey M.D., FACS - Back Cover
Bartram Park Family ENT
SawGrass Asset Management, LLC 106
Andrew M. Cantor, CFA, Principal
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D. & Associates 84
Shorstein, Michael A. - 24
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys at Law, P.A.
smart Center Jacksonville... Inside Front Cover
Solstice Lawn Care LLC 1
Stephens Roofing & Sheet Metal Co 112
Southern Monument Company, Incorported ..54
Spivak’s Mark -
Institute of Fine Art Dance Extention 42
Stein Mart 44
T
Tannen, Millie K. DDS, PA 148
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions Inc 154
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A.- 114
Evan J. Yegelwel
The Brumos Companies -...Inside Front Cover
Brumos Collision Center
Brumos Motor Car - Mercedes-Benz
Brumos Porsche
Brumos Racing
Lexus of Jacksonville
Lexus of Orange Park
Mercedes-Benz of Orange Park
smart Center of Jacksonville
The Ice Man 164
The Jacksonville Bank 110
The Loop Pizza Grill 18
The Wells & Drew Companies 112
Thompson, E.H. Company 130
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 112
Tumbling Kids - Gymnastics and Fitness 42
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency - 8
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Vaughan & Son Pest Control 114
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 148
Volkswagen of Orange Park 120
W
Wajsman, Paige- 112
Keller Williams Realty
Watson Plumbling 84
Weather Engineers, Inc 152
Westside Hyundia 120
Winn Dixie 12
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D., P.A.- Pediatric and
Adolescent Otolaryngology 158
W.W. Gay-
Mechanical Contractors, Inc 136
Y
Yegelwel, Evan J.
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A 114
196
===== PAGE 199 =====
ERTISERS
Bakers - Baked Goods
Carpet - Rug - Cleaners
Accountants - Certified Public
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA 110
Morris & Morris P.A., CPA 106
Joel C. Morris, JD,MBA,CPA
Adoption
Shorstein & Kelly - Attorneys At Law P.A... 24
Michael A. Shorstein
Air Conditioning - Heating Commercial
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions, Inc 154
Apparel Children
Stein Mart 44
Apparel Men
Stein Mart 44
Apparel Women
Stein Mart 44
Attorneys
Duss Kenney Safer Hampton & Joos, P.A... 158
Eliot J. Safer
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 106
Jeffrey B. Marks
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys At Law, P.A 24
Michael A. Shorstein
Terrall Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A 114
Evan J. Yegelwel
Audio -Visual - Equipment -
Renting - Leasing
Mugwamp Productions 48
PRI Productions 46
Automobile Dealers
Claude Nolan Cadillac 124
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 120
Acura of Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Hyundai of Orange Park
Volkswagen of Orange Park
Westside Hyundia
The Brumos Companies ....Inside Front Cover
Brumos Collision Centers
Brumos Motor Car - Mercedes-Benz
Brumos Porsche
Brumos Racing
Lexus of Jacksonville
Lexus of Orange Park
Mercedes-Benz of Orange Park
smart Center Jacksonville
Cakes and More by Catrina 40
Balloons - Novelty - Decorative
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Funtastik Balloons 43
Kuhn Flowers 52
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store.. 52
Dana Zaifert
Party Land -
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies 164
Billy Silverman
Larry Smith
Banks
The Jacksonville Bank 110
Battery Supplies
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery Inc 106
Carl Cushnir
Beauty Salons - Services - Supply
Hair Cuttery 130
Beverage Catering
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 48
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors, Inc 110
Philip H. Bloom
Cohen Construction, Inc 130
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc 136
Burial Vaults
Florida Wilbert, Inc 56
Business Process Design
Assessment Technologies Group 108
Stephen Pollan
Calligraphers
Impressions 41
Randee Steinberg
Shari Saye
Car Wash and
Detail Express Service
CarBux Carwash 116
Process Master Inc 38
Caterers
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 45
Margo’s Catering 40
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery 56
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Home and
Cemeteries 56
Chemicals
Buckeye Cleaning Center-Jacksonville 116
E.H. Thompson Company 130
Communications
AIC 24
Atlantic Security 58
Computers - Supplies - Parts
BDT Concepts, Inc 116
Counselors
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D. & Associates 84
Dancing Instruction
Mark Spivak’s Institute of Fine Arts Dance
Extension 42
Decorator Linens
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 51
Kirby Rentals, LLC 44
Dentist
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 116
Millie K. Tannen, DDS, PA 148
Engravers - Stationary
The Wells & Drew Companies 112
Estate Planning
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security Inc.. 114
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
Entertainment
D’Land Entertainment 45
Estate Planning
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc. 114
Allan A. Cohen
197
===== PAGE 200 =====
Advertisers Classified
Event Planning
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 51
Funtastik Balloons 43
Kirby Rentals, LLC 44
Mugwamp Productions 48
Party Land -
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies 164
Billy Silverman
Larry Smith
PRI Productions 46
Financial Planners
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc. 114
Allan A. Cohen
Fine Jewelry
Espling Jewelers 44
Gold Hills Jewelry 49
La Tienda Jewelry And Pawn 152
Floor Maintenance &
Restoration Industrial
Ashford Services 116
Florists
A Fantasy in Flowers 50
Kuhn Flowers 52
Food Service -
Equipment-Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 130
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell and Son Funeral Homes... 57
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 56
Gift - Specialty
Football Fanatics 154
Glass - Automobile - Plate -
Window - Residential - Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 112
Graphic Design
Minuteman Press 146
PRI Productions 46
Grocers
Publix 114
Winn Dixie 12
Gymnastics - Fitness
Tumbling Kids 42
Health Insurance Assistance
Claims Security of America 58
Harvey Matoren
Carol Matoren
Hotels
Embassy Suites Hotel 122
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 128
Ramada Conference Center 152
Fred Pozin
Human Resources
Assessment Technologies Group 108
Stephen Pollan
Ice - Ice Machines
The Ice Man 164
Insurance
Greene-Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Inside Back Cover
Mizrahi and Garris Insurance Agency 160
Dennis Mizrahi
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 8
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Investment Advisors
Digger Capital Management Inc 38
Scott M. Balotln
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc. 114
Allan A. Cohen CFP, CPA/PFS
SawGrass Asset Management LLC 106
Andrew M. Canor CFA, Principal
Invitations - Announcements
Impressions 41
Randee Steinberg
Shari Saye
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store ...52
Dana Zaifert
Party Land -
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies 164
Billy Silverman
Larry Smith
Israel Bonds
Development Corporation for Israel 160
State of Israel Bonds
Jewelry - Repairing
Espling Jewelers 44
Gold Hills Jewelry 49
La Tienda Jewelry And Pawn 152
Kosher Products
Publix 114
Winn Dixie 12
Lawn Service - Landscape
Solstice Lawncare 1
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 112
Leadership Development - Training
Assessment Tchnologies Group 108
Stephen Pollan
Light Bulbs - Tubes
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc 106
Carl Cushnir
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 160
Locks - Locksmith
Piner’s Lock & Safe 116
Medical Bill Management
Claims Security of America 58
Harvey Matoren
Carol Matoren
Medical - Dental Centers
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
Borland - Groover Clinic 16
Cancer Specialist of North Florida 114
CPT- Center for Physical Therapy 10
Daniel I. Wohl, M.D..P.A 158
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center 134
Family Allergy & Asthma Consultants 130
First Coast Oncology 134
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 116
Heeken Orthopedic Specialist 140
Mark L. Abramson, M.D 116
Millie K. Tannen, DDS, PA 148
North Florida Surgeons 160
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A 10
198
===== PAGE 201 =====
ERTisERs Classified
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 112
Mohel - Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 43
Monuments - Markers
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated 54
National Organizations
JNF - Jewish National Fund 14
Nurseries - Plants - Dish Gardens
A Fantasy in Flowers 50
Kuhn Flowers 52
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 112
Nutrition
Joel Bressler 110
Opticians
Bob Ham Eyewear 112
Organic - Ethnic -
Specialty Produce
Farmers Market 2
Organization Design —
Development
Assessment Technologies Group 108
Stephen Pollan
Party Supplies - Party Favors
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store.. 52
Dana Zaifert
Party Land -
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies 164
Billy Silverman
Larry Smith
Pawnbrokers
La Tienda Jewelry And Pawn 152
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 134
Stuart Herman
Vaughan & Son Pest Control 114
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 112
Photo Booth
Dan Harris PhotoArt 50
Photography
Dan Harris PhotoArt 50
Physicians - Psychologists -
Counselers
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility 116
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
Jeffrey Sandler, M.D.,FACS
Borland - Groover Clinic 16
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murray L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd I. Sack, M.D.
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
Steve S. Harvey, M.D.
Jose M. Nieto, D.O.
Scott T. Cooper, M.D.
Apurv K. Varia, M.D.
Michael B. Ibach, M.D.
M.Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.d.
MarkL. Flelsher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijlt Roychowdhury, M.D,
John M. Peterson, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
HongT. Tek, M. D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Augusto Lopez -Torrez, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
Michael E. Herman D.O.
Thomas J. Flannery M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Ben Pineau, M.D.
W.A. (Sandra) Hoogerwerf, M.D.
Physicians - Psychologists -
Counselers (cont’d.)
Kevin M. Comar, M.D.
William F. Foody, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP, PhD
Kristen I. Cerasi, PA-C
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Laura Boudreaux, ARNP
Cancer Specialist of North Florida 114
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO,FACOI,FACP
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy 10
Sam Rogozinski
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D.,P.A. Pediatric and
Adolescent Otoloryngology 158
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center 134
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O., P.A.
Mark A. Cohen, M.D., MOHS
Bruce Paley, D.O.
Angela Y. Armstrong, ARNP
Family Allergy & Asthma Consultants 130
Sudhir Prabhu M.D.
Sunil Joshi M.D.
Mike Mass M.D.
Hary Katz M.D.
First Coast Oncology 134
Scot Ackerman, M.D.
Ryan Perkins, M.D.
Paul Ossi, M.D.
Heeken Orthopedic Specialist 140
Rahul Deshmukh, MD
Gavan Duffy, MD
Chris Goll, MD
R. David Heekin, MD, FACS
Robert Hurford, PhD, MD
Ulises Militano, MD
Kevin Murphy, MD
Paul Shirley, MD
Timothy Sternberg, DMD, MD
North Florida Surgeons 160
Craig Morgenthal, M.D.,FACS
Drs. Bower, Crump, Felger, Hodgett,
Lerner, Morgenthal & Polley
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A 10
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D & Associates 84
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D
199
===== PAGE 202 =====
P Advertisers Classified 4
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 110
Plumbling - Contractors
Watson Plumbing 84
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractor, Inc 136
Printers
Mlnuteman Press 146
Produce
Farmers Market 2
Real Estate
Goldstein Commercial Properties, Inc 58
Paige Wajsman - Keller Williams Realty ..112
Rental Services
Beachview Event Rental & Design 51
Kirby Rentals LLC 44
Restaurants - Delicatessens
Athens Café 84
Best Bagels & Deli 164
Bistro AIX 18
Cruisers Grill 152
Let’s Nosh Deli Co 142
Masala Indian Cuisine 166
Mediterrania Restaurant 110
The Loop Pizza Grill 18
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 148
Restaurant Equipment - Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 130
Retirement Planning
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc. 114
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
Roofing - Contractors
Stephens Roofing & Sheet Metal Co 112
Safes - Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Safe 116
School Bus Rental
Patten School Bus Services, Inc 114
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealers
Berman Bros., Inc 110
Security Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 58
Security Surveillance Equipment
AIC 24
Signs - Granite
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated .54
Sports Apparel - Gifts
Football Fanatics 154
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
CPT ■ Center for Physical Therapy 10
Heekin Orthopedic Specialist 140
Swimming Pool Cleaning
Crystal Clean Pools 148
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa 142
Swimming Pool Equipment - Supplies
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa 142
Swimming Pool Renovations
Crystal Clean Pools 148
Therapists
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D & Associates 84
Tub - Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 112
Video Production Services
PRI Production 46
Voice - Data Specialists
AIC 24
Water Filters - Purifiers
Affordable Water 110
Wedding Cakes
Cakes and More by Catrina 40
Wedding - Catering Accessories
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 51
Kirby Rentals LLC 44
Wedding Consultant - Planning
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 51
Kirby Rentals LLC 44
PRI Productions 46
Party Land -
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies 164
Billy Silverman
Larry Smith
Wills and Probate
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 106
200
===== PAGE 203 =====
Working Locally, Thinking Globally
GREENE-HAZEL
& Associates, Inc.
904.398.1234 • greenehazel.com
===== PAGE 204 =====
AN EAR, NOSE, THROAT & AUDIOLOGY PRACTICE
YOUR ENTIRE
1. Can you hear but not understand?
2. Do you prefer the TV or radio louder than others do?
3.
4.
5.
6.
Do you have difficulty understanding in groups of people?
Do you find yourself complaining that people are mumbling?
Are you continuously asking people to repeat themselves?
Do you avoid group meetings or social occasions where hearing
is difficult?
How’s your Hearing??
If you answered “yes” to at least two of these questions, you should have
your hearing tested. Having a comprehensive hearing evaluation and
consultation with certified Audiologist Jodi Green is the first step to
better hearing. Make an appointment today!
Certified Audiologist Jodi Green, MA, CCC-A
• Comprehensive hearing and balance evaluations
• Hearing aid dispensing with 30 day trial period
• Hearing aid repairs
• Assistive Listening Devices
• Custom fit recreational molds
Board Certified Otolaryngologist
Jeffrey Sandler, MD, FACS
• Minimally Invasive Sinus Surgery
• Head and Neck Surgery
• Thyroid and Endocrine Treatment
• Sleep Apnea/Snoring
For appointments please call
904-446-9191
JEFFREY SANDLER, MD, FACS
13241 Bartram Park Blvd., Suite 801
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
(Near the Kohl’s/Publix Shopping Center, Old St. Augustine Rd. West of 1-95
www.jaxfamilyent.com
Bartram Park Family ENT
