‘
‘

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center

Centennial

Celebration
1901 = D001
SESS Sa

Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson

Martha Savage coordinates
the friendly volunteers who give
of their tume to perform: {he
mitzvah of welcoming people to
services with a friendly “Shabbat
Shalom”. Greeting is a good way
to introduce yourself to people and
make newcomers and visitors feel
welcome. We thank Martha for her
dedication to the Center and to all
of the people who volunteered to
greet over the past year. Anyone interested in joining the Shabbat Greeters,
please call Martha, 733-3671

 

Thank you to those who were greeters in the 2000-2001 season: Tootsie
Backer, Allison Bailys, Gayle Bailys, Sue Ann Blumental, Archie
Boatwright, Naomie Bossen, Dorothy Cohen, Kathy & Allan Cohen, Anita
Dittman, Holly & Mark Emas, Beth Fleet, Cynthia Freidlin, Marilyn
Garber, Beverly Geller, Jan Glassman, Phyllis & Larry Goldberg, Rose
Goldberg, Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein, Jane Grann, May Grann, Lynette
Heller, Clara Jaffe, Harriett & Sheldon Kaplan, Marilyn Kauss, Debbie
Banks & Garry Kitay, Iris & Mark Kraemer, Carolyn Krestul,
Ilene & Jeff Levenson, Lynn Maiman, Pearl Marton, Marilyn Mass,
Evelyn & Lew Meisel, Nancy & Sara Mizrahi, Barbara & Phil Pakula,
Wendy & Fred Pozin, Rochelle & Sol Proctor, Peggy & Ken Organes,
Joanne & Sandy Rosenberg, Ellen & George Rubens, Barbara & Eliot
Safer, Rubye Safer, Shirley Schinasi, Ann Silke, Blanche Slott, Renee
Soforenko, Leah & Iris Solomon, Sherry & Craig Sommers, Bea & Marvin
Sherman, Danny & Cathy Wilensky, Katie & Paul Yarish.

Jonathan Mizrahi joined the
corp of Torah readers this year.

 

Committees

 

 

Shabbat Torah Readers

Scott Zimmerman Coordinator

Torah is at the foundation of
the Jewish people. It records our ear-
liest history; it outlines fundamen-
tal laws; it models significant values
and standards of behavior; it reflects
basic truths about human nature; it
opens us to relationships with, and
wonder of, the divine. Its language
is the portal to Jewish study, worship,
and identity.

Of all the outstanding areas
in which the Jacksonville Jewish
Center has excelled, we have been
most fortunate in being blessed with
people who have made their talents
meaningful to the congregation and
a source of recognition and pride
throughout the Southeast. The num-
bers of students and lay people who
can be depended upon to read Torah
is an outstanding accomplishment
for us to be proud of and very hard
for other synagogues to match. This
is a direct reflection of the leader-
ship of Ted Gross and his commit-
ment to educational excellence in our
schools and the dedication of our
Torah readers and our teachers. Iam
very proud to be associated with the
Torah reading program and the high
level of participation we have
achieved. The commitment and en-
couragement of our synagogue lead-
ers and organizations will ensure that
this high quality will be maintained
for future generations to come.
I would like to thank Ted Gross for
his guidance and encouragement as
well as all of our readers and teach-
ers for their continued support and
cooperation and wish you all a heart-
felt Mazel Tov.

43
