The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs

 

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center

Centennial
Celebration
1901 = A(O)OAl
ed

os As our educational institution enters a new year with all its anticipations
and promises, one would be remiss not to examine the preparation necessary for our
future endeavors. Our movements forward are not isolated events, but represent the

combined efforts of our lay leadership, parents, PTA, and Center professional staff.

Solomon Schechter Day School

Both our General Studies and Judaic curriculums have undergone scrutiny
by our own dedicated professional staff and the Florida Council of Independent
Schools. Our General Studies Program received ten Special Commendations relating
to our staff, Facility, and students. We met or exceeded our standards established by
the organization on a state level and received our renewed five-year Accreditation.

We added the position of Judaic Studies Curriculum Coordinator with the
purpose of continued improvement in this vital area of our school.

The successful Tal-Am and Tal-Sela Programs of Hebrew language
development are now fully implemented throughout the elementary grades.

 

Willard M. Kennedy Our Middle School has undergone some important changes to prepare for

Principal the addition of the eighth grade to complete our concept of a fully operational

educational program for this age. With the funding supplied by the IPO and Samuel

and Esther Galinsky endowment, the addition of a state-of-the-art Science Lab will be completed. Combined with the expansion

and improvements of our computer instructional program this past year, we offer educational experiences and preparation that
meet or exceed other programs in our community.

The school has made a commitment to provide competent staffing of our program and has obtained ten staff members
with a Masters Degree. In addition, educational in-service programs are made available on a regular basis.

Strengthened by a commitment to constantly reassess, improve and surpass our previous achievement, we will keep
our school a stronghold for the acquisition of knowledge and the transmission of the Jewish soul to yet another generation.

- Williard M. Kennedy

 

Robin Waring Andy White

School Secretary Administrative Assistant

Resource Teachers

 

Louise Leonard Terry Murphy Kelly Waeltz Christa Blain
Librarian Physical Ed. Computers Art

101
