50

 

SAY ELS Es PERE oo BEF a oe

Dear Friends and Fellow Members:

As we enter our fourth year in Jacksonville, our family has many blessings for which
to be thankful. Without exception, our involvement in the JJC has been the
cornerstone of our social, philanthropic, business and ritual growth in this community
we are so proud to call home.

We are humbled by the contributions we see our dear friends make, and the
leadership positions they accept in an effort to further improve our great institutions
and annual events. We are grateful for having been provided opportunities to
contribute and really “make a difference” as we support our community leaders.

In 1997, Suzi and | moved to Jacksonville in hopes of improving our business and
melding with a community that would foster the development of our young family.
Little did we know the impact on our own development, or the base of social and
business friends that The JJC and our wonderful community would have. It has
been nothing short of amazing!

As you look at the back cover, which we are very proud to have supported since we
arrived and have committed to support for the next three years, you will see a new
name. “Wheaton” has replaced “Bekins” as the van line with which our local company
will be affiliated. We are very proud to have secured this new affiliation and to be
able to provide you and your family with the consistency our local company has worked
hard to deliver; and with the support of the most stable and well regarded van line in
the country.

Wheaton has been recognized for their leadership in support of Henri Landwerth’s
organization, “Give Kids the World”. They have also been consistently awarded the
Good Housekeeping seal of approval and have been rated # 1 for service and value
by Consumer Reports Magazine. As Wheaton’s largest domestic and international
affiliate, we are proud to have aligned ourselves with a group that has demonstrated
the integrity and ‘commitment to community’ that Wheaton has.

Celebrating the “Crown Moving Systems” name, we will continue to provide attributes
of “Crystal Service” to the valued clients and friends we serve. Whether its moving
our new rabbi to Jacksonville, or helping you move down the block, please know that
our continuing commitment will be toward delivering the highest quality and best-
valued moving services available.

We look forward to our future as members of the congregation and responsible
participants in our community’s efforts to further strengthen and grow the JJC and
all it represents. |

L’Shana Tovah!
MIcHAEL Weiss

Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
