‘
{

Committees

 

Adult Education

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1901 - 2007
ae Sa

Learning never stops at the Center. From the smallest of
our members, well into adulthood, people are studying at the
cuter

This year the adult education committee, chaired by Etta
Drashin, coordinated a wide variety of classes.

As the synagogue is still the center of Jewish communal
life, a Jew who can’t read Hebrew must feel peripheral in the midst
of the religion’s core institution. For a Jew who can’t read Hebrew,
a synagogue Service is a spectator sport. To help those congregants
who never learned to read Hebrew, or who have forgotten what
they learned as a child, beginner’s Hebrew was taught by Arlene
Yegelwel and Etta Drashin.

 

Rabbi Gaffney and Professor Stephen Berk
Shabbaton Speaker

Other classes were taught to those who already knew how
to read Hebrew, but wanted to stretch their knowledge even further.
Cantor Aron Heller led a Shabbat Learner’s Minyan, which walked the students through the Saturday morning liturgy. Later
in the year, Larry Bernard gave lessons in Haftorah trope.

Rabbi David Gaffney led a series of lectures titled “Judaism for the Skeptic” that ran on six Wednesday nights over the
course of the year. The series was very well attended and the following issues were discussed: (1)Where is God? (2) Does
Prayer Work? (3) The Bible Notes “and God said” did He really say? (4) The Chosen People, Are we really chosen? (5) Why
did this Happen to Me, and (6) Why Should I be Religious?

The annual Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton featured Professor Stephen M. Berk as the Scholar in residence.
Professor Berk, who is a professor at Union College in Schenectady, New York, was an absolutely superb lecturer. His lectures
included The Jewish State and the Struggle to Have a Jewish Soul, The American-Jewish Experience, and The Incredible First
Century. |

Saturdays after services, Rabbi Gaffney led his Torah Study, informal discussions in various family’s homes on a
monthly basis. Topics which included such things as “ Do We Fight for the Temple Mount?” (shortly after Sharon’s visit which
set off violence throughout the State of Israel) and ““ How Far Do We Reach out to Non-Jews?”

Sisterhood sponsored three book reviews and the Men’s Club taught members how to lay tefillin, which was a followed
by the World Wide Wrap on Sunday, January 28.

Family University, under the direction of Pam Maman and the Solomon Schechter Day School, provided a unique
opportunity for members of the community to attend classes on the Jewish Life Cycle.

On alternate Sunday mornings, Rabbi Gaffney led several congregants in a Talmud study. These classes provided
much information on how our prayer service came about. The background information
that the rabbi provided was very helpful.

On the mornings that Rabbi Gaffney taught the Talmud class, he continued teaching
and taught “An Introduction to Judaism” class, for adults that wanted to learn more
about their heritage and to those who were considering conversion to Judaism.

On the evening of March 12, Dr. Ismar Schorsch, Chancellor of the Jewish
Theological Seminary offered his reflections on the accomplishments of Conservative
Judaism and his projections for the future of American Jewry from his vantage point
as the leader of the Conservative Movement. Chancellor Schorsch’s visit to Jacksonville
was the first that any chancellor has made to North Florida.

Philip Pakula led Firing Line, a discussion format on the crucial issues of the day.
Joan Levin instructed Israeli dancing on Monday nights, and Stella Finck gave lessons
on how to make challah from scratch.

 

Elissa Vinning, Carol Weinstein
make Challah from Scratch

47
