een The Performing Artist Series
Centennial :
es Avi Hoffman

Sunday, October 29
Avi Hoffman’s Too Jewish?

 

Special Events

 

2000-2001 Series A Mensch and His Musical
AVi Hofiman- opeged the
Chair Performing Artist Series with a
Shirley Bielski delightful musical revue, that was a
hilarious mix of nostalgia, songs,
Co-Chair comedy, cultural and social history.
Ava Axelrod The show received rave reviews by a
most appreciative audience.
Committee
Etta Drashin “Avi Hoffman is a real crowd pleaser, so we knew our audience would
Marilyn Garber have a great evening,” said Shirley Bielski, chairperson. “Capturing the spirit
Rhoda Goldstein of Jewish culture and bringing it to Jacksonville is what the Performing Artist
Series is all about.”
Tickets

Annette Bursteen
Martha Savage
Hilda Warfield

 

Show-day Volunteers
Justin, Hope _ 3
& Jordan Axelrod —

Receptions
Margo’s Catering

Support Staff
Center Adminstrative and
Maintenance Departments

Performances sponsored in
part by Mr. & Mrs. Milton
Berman in memory of David
Randy Berman and Alan
Berman.

Sol Zim

“America’s Superstar of Jewish Music”
sunday, February 18

An enthusiastic audience welcomed Sol Zim, a Master-Cantor who
electrified the audience with his beautiful tenor voice as he presented Yiddish
and Israeli folks songs, as well as operatic arias and Broadway show tunes.
His award winning songs have been acclaimed as “a key to continued Jewish
culture.” It was a joy to listen to his inspiring performance.The evening
featured a special perfomance by the Solomon Schechter Day School choir
under the direction of Cantor Aron Heller.

Catskill Frolics I
starring Vic Arnell & Holly Lipton

Sunday, January 21

Hillarious comic Vic Arnell,
and talented singer Holly Lipton
provided merriment and music that
truly made the Catskill Mountains
experience uniorgettable. This
husband and wife team brought joy
and pleasure to a receptive audience.
Vic Arnell is the funny friend who
kept them laughing. Holly Lipton
made love songs more intense and a
lullaby more tender. You enjoyed
their last visit to Jacksonville, aren’t
you glad we brought them back?
