Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1901

Our Centennial celebration year brings many
exciting new changes to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. These changes are the result of
the coordinated efforts of the many dedicated
people who strive to bring our “Initiative for
Excellence” to every facet of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.

One of our greatest challenges has been met as
we have completed an extensive and arduous
search for new Rabbinical leadership. We are
very fortunate to welcome Rabbi Stephen
Grundfast as our new spiritual leader. His
infusion of new energy and innovative ideas
has created an atmosphere of enthusiasm and excitement. Special
thanks to Jeffrey Morris for his direction and leadership in
chairing the Rabbi Search Committee.

This past year, the Membership Committee, led by Vice President
Phyllis Goldberg, has been divided into four sub-committees in
order to place the greatest emphasis on meeting the needs of our
membership. The sub-committee chairmen, Suzi Weiss (New
Member Development), Janis Fleet (Member Programs and
Development), Jeff and Wendy Sapolsky (Young Family
Programming), and Neil and Bonnie Sandler (Havurot) have been
investing tremendous time, talent, and energy to enhance our
membership services.

The Finance Committee, chaired by Vice President Fred Pozin,
has worked to meet the challenge of financing expanding
synagogue services and programs. The committee has been
faced with balancing additional program requests from members,
educational needs of our schools, and increasing maintenance
needs of our building with traditional funding limitations.

The Education Committee, under
Michael DuBow’s leadership, has
made great strides for our Galinsky
Educational Programs. Michael’s
innovative fundraising techniques,
especially the “IPO”, have provided
our schools with great enhancements
in all areas — technology,
programming, and administration.

 

Michael Shorstein
President

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

President's Message

 

All of the major committee chairmen, including
Philip Bloom (House), David Schmerer
(Religious), Kathy Osterer (Youth), Etta Drashin
(Adult Education), Beth Shorstein (Mitzvah/
Social Action), Shirley Bielski, “Performing
Artist” and Elyse Whitman (Cemetery) have
expended great effort and energy to upgrade and
enhance their respective areas.

 

The Officers, Committee Chairmen, Executive
Committee and Board Members are committed to
continuing the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s history
of Jewish excellence for all ofits members. Among
the priorities of the coming year are:

We will celebrate our Centennial Anniversary through a series
of special events and dedications. For over a hundred years, the
Jacksonville Jewish Center has created wonderful memories for
its members through the observance of Jewish rituals and
traditions. Moreover, our Synagogue has shown the strongest
commitment to Jewish education. We will have a great
Centennial celebration year that will recognize every aspect of
our lives touched by the Jacksonville Jewish Center.

We will complete our Restoration 2000 project; a refurbishment
campaign to upgrade the facilities of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center to first class condition. We express our sincerest gratitude
to Leonard Setzer who chaired the Restoration 2000 Committee
and also to Philip Bloom who volunteered his services as general
contractor for this project.

We will strive to maximize the involvement of our membership

by reinforcing our strong committee structure. Committees of

our Synagogue are the driving forces, which provide the ideas,

plans and policies for the present and future operations of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.

We will continue our Initiative for Excellence by
strengthening the communication with members in order
to ensure that the Synagogue continues to be the Center
of our lives. Meeting the needs and expectations of our
membership can only be obtained through effective
communication. Our goal is to continue to foster such
communication with all members so that we understand
and meet their needs and expectations.

In partnership with our members, the Board of Directors
looks forward to an extraordinary year. On behalf of
the Officers, Executive Committee and Board, and all

ee §=who volunteer and work to make the Jacksonville Jewish Center exceed your

 

Year.

expectations, we wish you L’Shanah Tovah T’ikatavu.

A special thanks to Raymond Cohen, Janis Dorman and all of the Yearbook staff
and volunteers for another excellent yearbook.

Robin, Mathew, Benay, and I wish you a healthy, happy and prosperous New

— Michael A. Shorstein
23
