Jacksonville
Jewish Center

Centennial

Celebration
Toot 28 Dood

The Cub Scouts of Park 14 have been very busy here at
the Center!

In the fall, the Pack, along with a record-breaking number
of enthusiastic parents and siblings, camped out at Ocean Pond
in Osceola National Park. A forest ranger taught the boys about
trees and animals in the forest. They also enjoyed swimming,
hiking, learning to whittle and playing “mad libs.” Everyone
was treated to a Pack 14-style bonfire.

In March, Kevin Norton, Charlie Rait and Steven Lewis
took top honors at the annual Pinewood Derby held at River
Garden. Later in the spring, the Pack revisited Suwanee River
State Park for more canoeing, hiking and camping with their
families.

At Den meetings, the Cubs honed their outdoor skills,
leadership and citizenship abilities, and learned about tzedakah.
Pack meetings included a Hanukkah celebration.

 

Le

TIGER Cuss — Ist Grade
Represented by Dor Eitan
Spalter.

2nd grade

Rose Hecht - Den Leaders.

ile

WEBLOsS DEN — 4th grade

(L to R) Front: Mathew Glassman, Jordon
Kress, Paul Sandler, Eddie Norton, Kyle
Solloway, Kyle Vining.

(L to R) Front: Benjamin Hecht, Larry
Richter, Issac Pearl, Jacob Hecht, Max
Rogozinski, Sam Bernard. Back:Larry &

Pinewood Derby Winners: Harrison
Safer, Sam Goodman, Steven Lewis,
Charlie Raitt and Eddie Norton.

Scouting

 

Cub Scout Pack 14

Of course, all of this was made possible by the
commitment of time and energy of all the Pack 14 parents!
A big THANK YOU to Elyssa Vining and Kim Gartner.
Both “retired” this year as den leaders.

They will be missed. We appreciate the contributions
of our den leaders Rose & Larry Hecht, Jerry Schwartz,
Amir Wind and Missy Frisch. Pack 14 is now the proud
owner of its own race track built by Kevin Garten and
myself. Scott Phillips was a great Pinewood Derby
timekeeping, using the most advanced computer technology
to make our race the most accurate anywhere.

With all this enthusiasm, anything is possible for our
scouts!

Bruce Goldring,
Cubmaster, Pack 14

 

3rd grade

(L to R) Front: Steven Lewis, Jacob Wolfson,
Harrison Safer, Noah Feldman, Bradley
Goldring. Back: Ben Gatewood, Adam
Schwartz, Max Goldstein.

 

Retiring Den Leader, Elyssa Vining,
received gifts from the Weblos at the
Blue & Gold Banquet.

123
