Jewish Family & Community Services
3601 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32257-5582 ¢ Phone 448-1933
Iris T. Young, Executive Director

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
Loot. opt

Adopt-A-Senior
You can help support Kosher Nutrition, and the elderly in our community who rely
on the program, by “adopting” a senior. Call 448-1933 to learn more.

Adoption

JFCS continues to place babies into loving homes across the country, including
Florida, Connecticut and New York — three states that require a license to place
children. Last year, we found adoptive families for approximately 90 babies.

Bus Rental

Now the community can rent the JFCS buses to shuttle guests to and from life cycle
events and family gatherings. Enjoy bar and bat mitzvahs, weddings and other special
occasions without the headache of coordinating rides for out-of-town guests.

Catering Service

With so much experience preparing good food, JFCS now caters brunches,
engagement parties, bar and bat mitzvahs and other life cycle events. The kitchen
provides delicious menus, tastefully presented, while observing dietary laws.

Community Kosher Nutrition Program
CKNP continues to provide hot, nutritious, kosher meals to the elderly at Mt. Carmel,
in a Safe and friendly environment.

Counseling

JFCS provides quality mental health care by licensed professionals, at reasonable
rates. Confidentiality is always guaranteed. Services include counseling for grief,
depression, family issues, parent-child conflict, life transitions and much more.

Feed A Needy Neighbor
With donations of non-perishable food items from a concerned community, JFCS
provides emergency groceries to families and individuals experiencing difficult times.

Jewish Healing Network
The Jewish Healing Network reaches out to those who are struggling, ill or dying
by sharing the rich resources within the Jewish tradition.

Senior Transportation
JFCS transports seniors to religious services, doctors appointments, shopping centers
and recreational activities for an affordable fee.

There’s So Much More...
These are just a few of the many services offered at JFCS. For those needs the
agency cannot address, staff is always available to refer you to the appropriate

resource.

JFCS Officers 2001-2002

 

President
Mark Shorstein

Vice Presidents:
Lawrence Ansbacher Sandy Kesler

David Garfinkel Dr. Ben Lewis
Stuart Herman Charles Sussman

James Kempner

First Vice President
Debbie Gottlieb

Treasurer
Michael Lissner

Community Agencies

 

Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, Fl. 32216
(904) 733-6696

Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director

Home Is Where The Heart Is

Mount Carmel Gardens apartments
was designed, even to the smallest detail,
to provide comfortable and pleasant
surroundings. From the initial concept,
Mt. Carmel Gardens has strived to create
respectable: living for the elderly
community, providing more than
housing. Mt. Carmel Gardens offers a
17-story building on a beautifully
landscaped site, 24-hour staffing,
community facilities, and planned
programs, all of which were developed
as part of an over-all concept...a concept
of responding to the desires of retirees
for security, comfort, . satcry.
independence and the enrichment of
stimulating social-recreational activities
shared with others.

Mount Carmel Gardens is conve-
niently located, with transportation,
shopping, hospital and doctor’s offices
nearby.

Mt. Carmel Officers
and Board of Directors:

 
 
 

 

Jack Coleman, President
Brian Benwick, Ist Vice President
Ann Storch, Secretary
Dr. Ben Lewis, Treasurer

 
 
 

 

Members:
Louise Axelberg
Dolores Dworetsky
Nathan Franzblau
Peter Fryfield
Ardene Halpern
Francis L. “Len” Loving
Terri Poster-Taylor
Jim O’Steen
Judy Soffler
Ruth Slutzah
David Thomy
George Thornton

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

217
