Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
TO Onn aon

American Red Magen David
for Israe

Magen David Adom has evolved into Israel’s
emergency medical, disaster, ambulance and healthcare
network. 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, every person
in every corner of Israel looks to MDA to perform the
usual tasks carried out by Red Cross Societies throughout
the world, and then some. Within minutes, MDA’s rescue
units arrive on the scene — for medical emergencies,
accidents and, unfortunately, terrorist bombings.

Trained paramedics administer immediate help
and then transport the patient to the hospital if necessary,
Unfortunately they have been very busy this past year,
and there doesn’t seem to be any diminution in tragedies.

Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle proceeds help
support a cardiac ambulance for the city of Ashdod. Our
Concert at the Cummer has raised funds to keep thos
ambulances running. With 59 ambulances damaged or
destroyed, there’s an unprecedented need for new ones.
Donations in any amount are urgently needed.

Show your support for the State of Israel for
only $25 and do the mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh by
joining today.

Mail to Hana Schnidler, 9830 Woodrose Lane,
Jacksonville, Fl 32257.

‘For us it’s only a check, for them it could mean
life itself.”’

Officers of the Mitzvah Chapter

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

President: Wendy Honigman
MembershipVP: Hana Schindler
Rentention: Ray Hardy, Phyllis Garbose
Fund Raising VP: Lea Gabbay-Lipkin
Concert : Penny Powell
Raffle: Mazal Spalter
Treasurer: Leon Robbins
Parliamentarian: Lillian Meizlik
Recording Secretary: Shari Goranson
Chapter Coordinator: Olga Wind, DDS
Cards/Donations: Michelle Grossman
Past President: Chiel A Wind, MD
Board: Holly Arnold, Joseph Honigman, M.D.,
Hannah Rosenberg, Hannah Bendit
Emeritus: Gertrude Bernhardt, Ilse Gottlieb

 

Community Organizations

 

_ Brandeis University ~
National Women’s Committee

The mission of the Brandeis University National
Women’s Committee is to provide financial support and
growth for the Brandeis University Libraries, which
serve a community of students and scholars, in
education and research, united by their commitment to
the pursuit of knowledge. The National Women’s
Committee offers its members opportunity for
intellectual pursuit, continuing education, community
service, social interaction, personal enrichment, and
leadership development. The members act as emissaries
to support and enhance the image of Brandeis, a Jewish-
sponsored, non-sectarian university where excellence
is the tradition.

For more information, call Betsy Pearl, 645-5410.

Officers and Executive Board

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Presidents: Betsy Pearl
Program VPs: Elaine Fendell, Rae Halpern
Membership VPs: Anne Brueske
Life Membership: Judie Levinson
Fundraising VPs: Norma Levy, Judy Gerson
Study Group VPs: Louise Pass
Book Fund: Anne Brueske
Financial Secretary: Mildred Kaufman
Treasurer: Martin Wolf
Corresponding Secretary: Ann Brueske
Recording Secretary: Ginny Ribadeneyra
Reservations/Supplies: Carol Agress
Historian: Joan Whitfield
Bulletin: Regina Weston, Phyllis Garbose

 
 

David Selin
Esther Kahn

Entertainment Books:

Nominating Committee:
By-Laws: Robin Wind-Faillace
Telephone Squad: Helen Safara
Board: Muriel Besinger, Norman Tasman, Mary Wolf

 
 
 

219
