Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
1OOt = BOO
ae ee

One . hundred . years: ~ ae.
approximately 40 Jacksonville families
joimed jorces to micet tie tieeds OF a
growing number of newly arriving Jewish
immigrants. Their solution, in the fall of
1901, was the formation of Congregation
B’Nai Israel, the forerunner of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.

Could these forty families possibly
have imagined what the next 100 years of Jewish life
would be like in Jacksonville? Could they have possibly
comprehended the impact this new synagogue would
have on future generations? Could they have even
fathomed our programming and facilities as they
exist today?

As we.celebrate this miléstenme of our
congregation’s Centennial our hopes and visions should
be aimed at the next 100 years. What kind of Jewish life
will exist in our community? What will be the role of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center?

 

 

Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director

Executive Director's Message

 

With the observance of our
Centennial year, we have the unique
opportunity to help set the foundation for
this future.

How appropriate that we enter this
year with such great appreciation of our
past and such great optimism for the
future. We begin this next chapter witha
new Rabbi, new professionals in our
youth and education departments and many new
members. Our facility is in the midst of a major
restoration and we continue with significant
enhancements to our Galinsky Educational programs

This coming year will be one of celebration and
opportunity. It is my hope and prayer that each
congregant will take advantage of this extraordinary time
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Become involved in
the life of our congregation. Make this year, 5762, one
of renewed commitment and spirituality. Join a
committee; make a minyan; attend a Shabbaton; coach
a basketball team; celebrate Shabbat; support our Golf
Tournament, Raffle and Yearbook; enjoy our recreational
park; participate in Men’s Club and Sisterhood; and
support our Youth groups. There are no limits to your
involvement.

What will the next 100 years be like? We will begin
to answer that question this year!

On behalf of Edith, Sam and Max, best wishes
for a Happy and Healthy New Year.

— Bruce

19
