Organizations

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
LOOl = BOO

Center Men’s Club

The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is a committed organization

dedicated to the enrichment of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish Community.
The Men’s Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work together
supporting, sponsoring and participating in programs that bring meaning to our
youth, companionship to our elders, and involvement in our Jacksonville Jewish
community.

 

an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of Conservative
Judaism. Through the support of the Federation we distribute hundreds of Yellow Holocaust
Memorial candles every Yom Hashoah to our Congregation families. This year we will be continuing
the successful FJMC “Hearing Men’s Voices” program; a series of workshops dedicated to creating
a forum for discussion and sharing issues relating to being a Jewish man in today’s world. These
workshops will cover family, religion, society and health in thought provoking and fulfilling agendas
led by leading experts and professionals.

We are committed to our Center youth with award winning programs like the Yad Shel
Chai (Hand of Life) award that rewards our youth for reading Torah, The Youth Achievement
Award for outstanding Confirmation students and presentation of a book to every Bar and Bat
Mitzvah. We also support the Center youth organizations by helping out with conventions and
Supplemental School programs and by sponsoring a sports banquet that brings area sports celebrities to the JJC to talk about
how athletics can help every child “Reach Their Dreams.”

 

The Mens Club Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship fund provides the opportunity for needy children to attend
Israel and USY summer programs and Camp Ramah Darom honoring the memory of Horty Gendzier who was so instrumental
in the pioneering of these programs. Hundreds attend our annual “Man of the Year” Dinner Roast which provides the base
funding for the Horty Gendzier scholarships. These successful roasts honor a JJC Mens Club member for his contribution to

the club and to the Center in an unforgettably funny evening tailored to the uniqueness of the Honoree.

We support the Jacksonville Jewish Federation and the Jacksonville Family and Counseling Service by Tzedakah

programs and are involved with the community at large by volunteering on
Christmas to allow our friends of other faiths to celebrate their holiday with
their families.

We are visible friends of our Center as well with programs like selling
and building Sukkot for our Center families and helping to decorate the Center’s
Goldman Sukkah. You can find Men’s Club members at the Lag B’ omer Picnic
every year selling hot dogs and cokes and you will find us ushering at services
every Shabbat and Holiday. Men’s Club members sponsor, lead and participate
in Men’s Club Shabbat and take an active role in preparing B’nai Mitzvah
students of all ages by sponsoring events and providing tutors and assistance.

These events have earned your Men’s Club First Place and Honorable
Mention Torch Awards from the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs in years
past and we are actively pursuing new Torch Awards for community service
and other events.

The Men’s Club is also a great way for friends to have fun. In the fall
we ‘kick off’ our new year with a membership drive party featuring games of
chance and raffles while we watch a Jacksonville Jaguars away game on a
BIG screen TV. In the spring we take our families with us to hockey games
and a Jacksonville Suns baseball game and every summer we unite for the
infamous deep sea fishing trip.

All this and more is waiting you if you are at least 18, male and a
member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Join now, we need your help!
— Dave

2000-2002 Men's Club Officers

President
David Schmerer

 
 
 
 

 

Vice President
Mike Herring

Secretary
Phil Pakula

Treasurer
Bruce Glassman

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

— Board Members —
Dr. Leo Davis
Moti Demri
Dennis Montagna
Stephen Pollan
Jim Richman
Leon Yergin

 
 
 
 

— Past Presidents —
Ira Grann
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Randall Smith

 
 
 

a0
