Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
1901 = 2OO1

1950 PHILIP SELBER ELECTED PRESIDENT
At the annual meeting, January 16, 1950, Philip Selber
was elected president. In seconding the nomination,
past president Joseph Hackel commented that “for the
first time in its history, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
calls on a young man born in the city and given his
religious training at the Center, to head the organization.”
Philip Selber served as president for three terms and
continues to be a strong advocate for the Center.

1961 RABBI MOSHE GOLDBLUM

Rabbi Moshe V. Goldblum accepted the position as
rabbi of our congregation. Rabbi Goldblum impressed
everyone with his warm sincerety and genuine devotion.
He imbued those with whom he came in contact with a
new spirit of understanding and dedication to the
Center’s purpose. One of his greatest achievements, with
his wife Evelyn, and a group of dedicated congregants,
was the creation of a Foundation School. These efforts
evolved into the Solomon Schechter Day School.

1963 SAN JOSE BLVD. PROPERTY PURCHASED
With an eye to the future, property at 10101 San Jose
Boulevard in Mandarin was acquired in November 1963.
The next summer a campsite with an Olympic size
swimming pool and playing fields were ready for the
Day Camp.

1972 THE RABBI DAVID GAFFNEY YEARS

The board of directors of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
announced the appointment of Rabbi David Gaffney as
the spiritual leader of the congregation. He arrived with
his wife Inge and their two children, Asher and Shalva.
This was the beginning of a 29 year journey of
inspiration and continuing accomplishments that would
propel our congregation to the forefront of the
Conservative movement.

1973 GROUDBREAKING FOR NEW FACILITY
Groundbreaking for the new synagogue-center complex
was scheduled for September 16, 1973.

1976 CARAVAN OF TORAHS

On Sunday, January 11, 1976, a caravan of automobiles
followed an open truck upon which Center dignitaries
Sat carrying our priceless Torahs from the Ark at 3rd
and Silver to their new home at the new Center site in

A Centennial Chronicle

 

1950 - 2001

Mandarin. It was an historic event which culminated in
a stirring dedication ceremony. This was the beginning
of our present Synagogue Center.

1980 RABBI DOV KENTOF JOINS THE CENTER
As director of education and youth over the past 20 years,
thousands of the children of our congregation, and
throughout the Southeast, have flourished Jewishly
through Rabbi Dov Kentof’s innovative programs,
unique educational style and genuine concern for the
individual. He has drawn in the fringes of our
community like the corners of his own talit instilling a
sense of belonging.

1989 - NEW EXPANSION

To keep pace with the demands for space from our three
growing school programs and the need for more meeting
room space, our magnificent synagogue building would
see many additions, improvements and renovations. One
of most striking additions was the beautiful Ark and
majestic sculpture designed by Israeli artist, Ami Shamir.
Under his direction the ark was erected in time for the
High Holidays, 5743. This magnificent structure has
added an awe-inspiring and elegant quality to our
Sanctuary.

RESTORATION 2000

Currently, the Restoration 2000 project is in full swing,
beautifying the prime areas in preparation for the
Centennial Celebration in the fall of 2001. The proposed
designs emphasize a color scheme that is subtle and
blends with the sanctuary. The variations of pattern and
texture will define the different rooms Many of these
renovations are apparent today as you walk through the
promenade or visit the social hall and the auditorium.

2001- THE CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION

All of the planning and the restoration will be complete
and will culminate in a fabulous Centennial Celebration
in December 2001. It is therefore fitting that we thank
those people who have made this celebration possible.

Note: Copies of Philip Selber’s personal
History of the Jacksonville Jewish Center are
available at the Center office at no charge.
