.
i

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1901 2001

Our second Annual
Man of the Year Honoree
was Jeff Morris. Jeff was
treated to merciless kidding
from his family and friends as he was put
on ‘trial’ in a real Court built specially for
the occasion and forced to defend himself
to a jury of his peers. The feeling all along
was that Jeff was a true Mensch, a real gem
who represents the absolute best of what it
means to be a Jew. Always the first to
welcome new members into his home and a
tireless worker for the Center as Financial,
VP, Past President of the Center, Chairman

of the Mens Club, Board member, Jeff Morris set a standard

of leadership that may never be equaled.

It was the task of the prosecutor and Judge (the same person,
Judge Jack Schemer) to prove otherwise and we did so by

wees
Uy
Le

E —pasketball Court a

 

Randall Smith and David Schmerer accept award at
national meeting

34

Organizations

 

bringing witness after witness from Jeff’s life
including his High School Basketball Coach
and teammates from his championship
Wolfson High Basketball team. There was
also video testimony from a former
‘girlfriend’, Judge Schemer even got Jeff’s
Mom, Sonya Morris to testify against him!
It didn’t matter as Jeff was found innocent
and earned the accolades from the audience
that he so richly deserves.

 

Last Year Man of the Year Presents
the this year s award to Jeff Morris

Fun was had by all with good food, another

beautiful room set up by Ellen Rubens and
a Courtroom set built by Richard Ford and the Center
maintenance staff. All proceeds from the evening went to
the Mens Club Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship fund
for needy Jewish Children to attend Camp Ramah Darom
and USY Pilgrimages to Israel and Europe.

 

JJC Men’s Club Wins Torch Award

The Mens Club Yad Shel Chai Program was awarded a First Place
Torch Award for Youth Activities at the Federation of Jewish Mens Clubs
International Convention in Toronto, Ontario, Canada this Summer. This
is the second First Place Torch Award for our Club having received one
for the New Americans B’Nai Mitzvah in 1996. We also received an
Honorable Mention Award in 1997 for our Armed Forces Shabbat

The Men’s Club instituted the very successful Yad Shel Chai (Hand
of Life) award program to encourage and reward post Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
who continue reading Torah on Shabbat, holidays, minyan, at River
Garden and other Center sponsored and supervised events. Teens who
read a minimum of 18 (chai) portions by age 18 are awarded a beautiful,
inscribed Torah pointer (yad) and a certificate. Eighteen teens have
already received this award, and many more are currently enrolled in the
program. We are extremely proud of our Yad recipients and hope to see

" many more achieve this high honor. If you would like more information

regarding this program, please contact Randall Smith or Jim Richman.
