ees

 

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1904 =: 2003

room and office on
the first floor. The
rear portion of
the building was
devoted to class-
rooms.

1929 RABBI
HARRY COHEN
APPOINTED:
Early in 1929 Dr.
Harry Cohen was
engaged as rabbi. Dr. Cohen, the holder of a PhD, was
ordained by the Jewish Theological Seminary and was
recognized as one of the outstanding scholars of the
rabbinate.

1932 RABBI MORRIS D. MARGOLIS

With the election Rabbi Margolis, the programs of the
Center entered a new growth in its religious and social
activities. Rabbi Margolis was not only rabbi but also
performed the duties of cantor, principal of the schools
and a teacher in the classroom as well. Rabbi Margolis
introduced the first Junior Congregation composed of
the Hebrew School Students, who held their own
services on Shabbat and holidays.

1944 THE THE POST WAR ERA

Harry Gendzier was elected president of the Center in
February of 1944. It was the beginning of dynamic
period of expansion of the Center’s existing programs
and the introduction of new and exciting programs to
enhance the Jewish Center idea. It was through his
leadership that the Jacksonville Jewish Center expanded
its facilities to fit the needs of a growing congregation.
Throughout his tenure, he was a driving force in creating
a true Community Center. In the September issue of
the Center Yearbook, President Gendzier said
“regardless of what community program might come
into being, we at the Jewish Center are firmly resolved
to achieve and develop the finest program for the
building of a knowing, proud and positive Jewish Youth.”

1946 CANTOR MARTON ARRIVES

This was the beginning of an era of a span of more than
43 years. Cantor Marton introduced liturgical music
that is still the benchmark of all services for Shabbat
and all of the holidays. Our children, at their Bar

1929 -

 

 

A Centennial Chronicle

 

1947

Mitzvah, chant the Musaf Service singing prayers as
taught by Cantor Marton even to this day. His legacy of
music has become the standard for our congregation.
One of Cantor Marton’s favorite achievements was the
Center Choral Society, which still provides beautiful
religious music for the High Holidays. In addition to its
participation in services, the Choral Society presented
annual concerts each year featuring nationally known
Cantors. The members have changed over the years, but
Cantor Marton’s influence is still apparent as the voices
sing music he introduced.

1947 - 1960 RABBI SANDERS TOFIELD YEARS
Rabbi Tofield made an indelible mark on our
congregation with his experience and knowledge of
every facet of Synagogue affairs. His wealth of Jewish
knowledge played a large part in the development of
the Center into the tremendous institution that it became.
He was recognized as one of the outstanding scholars
of the Conservative movement. Because of his position
and the resources that he had
to offer, he was able to serve
as a pipeline to bring the
Jewish heritage of the past
into the current activities of
the synagogue.
1947 TED GROSS
ARRIVES

In September 1947, Mr.
Gross came to Jacksonville
to be the Education Director
| of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and for the next 50 years he devoted his life to
the religious education of our youth as teacher and
mentor. He nurtured a faithful reading of the Torah text
to a legion of Bar and Bat Mitvahs. Through his efforts
the Center has a skilled cadre of Torah readers who read
on Shabbat and the Holidays.

1950 EXPANSION BEGINS

On Sunday, January 8, 1950 groundbreaking ceremonies
were held. By 1959, the impressive campus of three large
buildings housed a two-story main sanctuary complete
with balcony and choir lofts, a chapel, library, social
hall, modern school and playground, state of the art
auditorium/gymnasium, banquet kitchen, spacious
bridal lounge, meeting rooms and offices. -

Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
