Special School Events

 
 

 

jewshcener Consecration 5761 SSDS Seventh Grade Graduation
eee February 3, 2001 May 24, 2001

The Consecration of the First Grade classes of the Solomon
Schechter Day School and the Aleph Class of the Afternoon Hebrew
School, part of the Galinsky Educational Programs was celebrated
during Shabbat morning services, February 3, 2001. Students
demonstrated their knowledge and budding devotion to Judaism in a
timely program about Shalom — Peace.

 

Seventh grade students demonstrated their learning,
their devotion, and their commitment, through a moving
program which they prepared for this special occasion.

 

First Grade A: Mrs. Bonnie Loeser, Hebrew Teacher- Robin Included were examples of the mitzvah projects they
Morris. First Row L to R- Harrison Phillips, Jonah Kitay, Nikki performed to demostrate their understanding of Biblical
Bailys, Rachel Whitman, Michelle Taito. Second Row L to R- commandments. (lst row L to R)Hallie Morris, Omer
Tobi Rudoltz, Zachary Sandler, Rivka Pearlstein, Laura Spalter, Kirill Leonov, Andrew Vining. (2nd row L to R)
Goldman,Dor Eitan Spalter. Third Row L to R- Sam Goodman, Michael Epstein, Jonathan Mizrahi, Jeremy Bailys, Daniel

Rebecca Cooper, Rachel Stark, Jake Friedman, David Ferman. Heller. Todah Rabah to their teachers: Edith Horovitz,
amiaianae me ee Chava Ortner, Judy Reppert and Susann Turner.

SSDS Middle School Washington, D.C.
May, 2001

 

 

 

 

First Grade B:Paula Horn, Hebrew Teacher- Ilana Manasse.
First Row L to R-Nicole Ansbacher, Benjamin Gershon,
Rachel Herman, Daniel Wind, Frankie Zimmerman. Second
Row L to R- Danielle Wirsansky, Jeffrey Weiss, Hailey
Gartner, Shira Lanigan, Monica Koren. Third Row L to R-
Simona Altshuler, David Walker, Ian Broudy, Emily Goldman,

Megan Brown.

From Arlington National Cemetery to the White House,
Ford’s Theatre to the Capital Rotunda. The Newseum to the
Metro, the Solomon Schechter Middle School students saw it all
and then some more on their trip to the Nation’s capitol. They
ate in Kosher restaurants, davened in a hotel lobby and visited
the Israeli Embassy. A highlight of the trip was a visit with
Senator Bob Graham, the show “Sheer Madness” at the Kennedy
Performing Arts Center. Next years trip is to New York.

Consecration 5761
=» Afternoon Hebrew Aleph Class

Mrs. Carole Goldberg, teachers. Students:Sarah Abramson, Cory Brenenson,
A. J. Kupperman, Alex Nield, Benjamin Peltz, Joshua Peretzman, Harrison
Safer, Aaron Stark and Jacob Proctor

 

107
