eS.

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center

Centennial
Celebration

1901 2001
SAS

“R. Ishmael, his son said: He who learns
with a view to teaching, they give him
the opportunity to learn and to teach.
And he who learns with a view to doing,
they give him the opportunity to learn
and to teach, to observe and to do.”

There is an understanding that
comes from study and learning. When
we read, write, discuss, debate and
challenge our minds to higher thoughts,
we atta that special level of
communication and understanding
which develops when members of
groups work together for their common
purpose and goals. There is joy in the
sharing of ideas and mutual satisfaction in accomplishments.

As I complete 23 years of service to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, I am grateful for the lives I have touched and
to everyone who has touched mine. My mind is flooded with
memories of the children who have passed through my life
here at the Center — many of them now grown with families of
their own. There have beer: so many events, activities, camp
outs, conventions, classes, discussions, field trips, holiday
celebrations . . . all blending together to form a beautiful
tapestry in my mind. We have drunk together from the fountain
of life, together we have strived for the perpetuation of our
Jewish tradition and heritage, and together we have encouraged
the pursuit of education and synagogue/community
involvement.

Through the close connection we have had in the Hebrew
Schools and Youth programs, I feel as though we are family.
Over the years, we have worked together to build more than
programs — we have built human beings. The thought of
separating from all of you for whom I care so deeply is bringing
a profound sense of sadness that is difficult to describe. In the
back of my mind I always realized this day would come. That

 

 

Rabbi Dov Kentof

Director Education / Youth Emeritus

Rabbi Kentof's Message

 

one generation comes as another
generation goes and, like a parent, I
have to let go with the belief I have done
my job well and a prayer that my
teachings will be remembered and
guide my children through tough times
and difficult decisions.

When I look at all the friends I
have made through these years and,
especially when I look at my students
and youth club members, I realize my
labors have born much fruit. I hope and
pray that all the years of diligent work
and effort will further the cause of
Judaism and love for our people as well
as instill deep feelings for this Synagogue.

As I move onto the next stage of my life, I carry great
warmth and appreciation with me for the wonderful feeling
I have from my years with you. I hope the future will bring
you all happiness, fulfillment, and, above all, a commitment
to Jewish education and Jewish living. Remember, the only
assurance we have for our young people to grow into
committed Jews, is through education — both formal and
informal.

I hope you will continue to take advantage of the many
opportunities offered at the Center to enrich your family and
keep them in the fold of Judaism. I hope and pray that God
will continue to guide the decisions of the Center’s leadership
with wisdom as they take this department into new directions
while maintaining the integrity of all we have accomplished
these past 23 years.

Alina joins me in wishing you and yours A Happy,
Sweet, and Prosperous New Year. Thank you all for
everything.

— Rabbi Dov Kentof

 

15
