With grateful appreciation to
Philip Selber, whose

History of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center was an invaluable
resource of information.

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center

Centennial
Celebration
190 2001

In the beginning there were five Orthodox Jewish
families in Jacksonville who believed an Orthodox
congregation could be organized to accommodate their
religious needs. At first they met only on the High
Holidays in someone’s home. As their numbers grew,
services were held in the hall of the Masonic Temple.

IT WAS 1901:

By 1901 the number of Orthodox Families had grown
to about forty and they felt it was time to build a real
congregation. With this in mind they took the first step
and that was to legally incorporate. A charter of
incorporation was filed in the Circuit Court and was
approved by Judge R. M. Call on December 5, 1901.
The original, as it appeared on the Charter was “The
Hebrew Orthodox Congregation B’Nai Isarel. It was
later changed to Congregation B’ Nai Israel.

The names of the incorporators listed on the Charter
were among some of the most prominent Jews and
leaders in the history of our congregation. Their names
are familiar to you and many of their descendants are
members of today’s Jacksonville Jewish Center. Such
names as Max Frank, Samuel Cantrovitz (Robert Cantor,
Myra Cantor Cohen), E.H. Pilton (Margo Ruby’s great
grandfather), Morris Wexler, Alex Ossinsky, and Louis
Rothstein were among the incorporators. The first
officers of the new congregation were Max Frank,
president, Samuel Cantrovitz, vice-president, Louis
Rothstein, secretary, Alex Ossinsky, treasurer, and Elias
H. Pilton, Morris Wexler and A. Hirsch, trustees.

IT WAS 1902:

In 1902, now that a congregation was officially formed,
it became obvious that a “Rav” was the next priority. In
addition to leading services, the job description was a
perfect fit for Rev. Benjamin Safer. Rev. Safer was
proficient as a Cantor, baal koreah (Torah Reader), and
a teacher. He was an experienced mohel and shochet
(naturally he had to know which skill was needed for
which purpose). With the financial aid of the
congregation, Rev. Safer established a kosher meat
market where his skill as a shochet was a priority.

With a growing Jewish Community came the need of a
Hebrew School to educate the children and prepare them
to participate in services and ready them for Bar
Mitzvah. The school was a separate institution as was

A Centennial Chronicle

 

1901 - 1906

typical of the European “chedar”. Classes were taught
by the Rev. Safer in his own home or homes of some of
the members of the congregation.

BY 1905:

With the increase in members the problems of how to
create the needed infrastructure for a congregation
became apparent. The obvious needs were for an
Orthodox cemetery, a synagogue building, and school
facility. On July 10, 1905, for the sum of $1000, the
congregation purchased a two-acre site from the
Jacksonville Cemetery Association. This site is known
as the Old Cemetery.

At this same time the congregation took its first step to
erect a building to provide its religious and educational
activities. On July 24, 1905 land was purchased on the
corner of Jefferson and Duval, in Lavilla. The site was
selected because most of the members lived in the
immediate neighborhood. It has been told that the
congregation had a total of $50 on hand to apply to the
purchase price. A portion of the lot was sold to Harry
Goldman, one of the influential leaders in the
development of the congregation. A successful

campaign was launched to raise the $25,000 needed for
the construction. Much of the financial help came from
Jews and non-Jews in the community, as well as Jews
from outside the city. The Winkle brothers of Savannah
donated a carload of lumber. M.J. Weinkle later moved
to Jacksonvilie and became a member of the
congregation.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
