Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
1900 oo Deon

Board of Directors
Executive Committee

Ernest N. Brodsky
President

 
 
 

Stephen M. Goldman
ice President

Mel Gottlieb
Vice President

Kenneth B. Jacobs
Vice President

 
 
 
 
 

Nancy Perlman
Vice President

 
 

Randy Kammer
Secretary

Robin Bass
Treasurer

 
 

Miriam Fone
Assistant Secretary/Treasurer

 
 

Magery A Serkin
At-large

Lois Chepenik
Mark Green
Irene Jaffa
Howard I. Korman
David A. Stein
Bruce Warschoff
Past Board Presidents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

River Garden Auxiliary makes things happen...

The Auxiliary is an independent organization that has been serving
the River Garden Hebrew home since its beginnings, in 1922, as the
Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society.

The Auxiliary gives financial support to the home BUT MORE
IMPORTANILY, the Auxiliary members work together to enhance
the daily life of each and every resident.

The Auxiliary’s mission is to provide funds for ancillary needs and
services to our residents. The Auxiliary provides a dimension of
warmth and significant funds to meet the needs of the residents. We

 

 

Community Agencies

 

David A Stein Jewish Community Alliance
on the Ed Parker Jewish Community Campus

8505 San Jose Blvd. ¢ Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone: (904) 730-2100 ¢ Fax: (904) 730-2444
www.jcajax.org
www.JaxJewish.org/jca
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director

The JCA was founded in 1988 by a group of visionary leaders who provided the
leadership needed to transform the site of a former country club into a state-of-the-art
community center. These leaders saw a need to bring Jacksonville’s Jewish community
together and have a strong involvement in the Jewish community. The leaders sought to
create a positive and affirming environment of Jewish culture and heritage. Since the
doors opened in 1988, this has been accomplished through various and sundry programs
for Jews of all ages — from babies to senior adults.

The JCA is proud of its accomplishments over the past thirteen years. It provides
a common meeting ground for the Jewish community for the affiliated or non-affiliated
Jew who just wants to feel connected to Jewish heritage. When there was a flood of
immigrants from the Soviet Union, the JCA became a haven for the New Americans to
learn the language and American customs. The JCA provides many Jewish cultural
experiences. Highlighting the past four years has been the Jewish Book Festival. The
JCA’s Bessie Setzer Frisch auditorium is the venue for films, music and speakers. The
JCA plays an important role through facilitating Holocaust education through speakers
and Youth Services Theatre Department’s productions. The JCA offers a wide range of
high quality programs for people of all ages including: childcare and family programs,
fitness and recreational facilities and activities, as well as Jewish education.

The JCA’s past presidents, Lois Chepnik, Mark Green, Irene Jaffa, Howard J
Korman, David A.Stein and Bruce Warschoff, have had the foresight and dedication to
help create and sustain the JCA through its growth cycles during the past 13 years. It is
these leaders, who have worked so hard to sustain a positive, affirming environment a
Jewish culture and heritage since the doors opened in 1988.

We invite you to become a member of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to
make membership affordable to all. Come by for a tour or take part in one of our many
programs - after all - the JCA is WHERE YOU BELONG, Shalom.

River Garden Auxiliary

River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2001-2002

Fran Leibowitz

 

 

Co-Presidents:

 
 

Evelyn Meisel

 
 
 
 
 

President Elect: Andrea Raitt
V.P. Fund Raising: Betty Abish
V.P. Membership VP’s: Sandi Roth

Mary Selber
V.P. Services: Andrea Raitt
‘Treasurer: Nancy Mizrahi
Recording Secretary: Holly Young

 
 

Corresponding Secretary: Lillian Meizlik

 

have an ongoing commitment to “honor thy father and thy mother’.

— Fran Liebowitz, President

213
