Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1901.2.) Dood

The Hebrew poet and
thinker Judah Ha-Levi wrote of his
love for Israel poetically when he
said —’ lee’ bee ba-mizrach wv’ anee
b’maarav” —’my heart is in the East
though I find myself in the West. I
thought of Ha-Levi’s statement as
I sat down to fashion words of holi-
day greeting to the Jacksonville Jew-
ish Center family on the eve of Rosh
Hashanah 5762. For Inge and myself, though we find
ourselves in New York and in close proximity to
children, grandchildren and family, when we reminisce
of happy moments with wonderful friends; when we
review fulfilling achievements and when we consider the
company of dear and precious people —it is then that
we Say so often —’our heart is, in so many ways, still in
Jacksonville.”

This year, 5762, marks a special year for the
Jewish Center family as it celebrates its centennial —100
years of service and devotion to the Jewish community
of Jacksonville and beyond. There are many communities;
there are many congregations, but none quite as special
and unique in its warmth as the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Having spent the greatest part of our lives and my
rabbinic career in Jacksonville, having shared with you,
dear friends, a great part of the 100 years you celebrate,
I can attest first hand the proud tradition you will
certainly carry with you as you begin the next 100 years.

We have made over the years an extraordinary
impact on the lives of countless people. We provided the
resources for the finest Jewish education children could
receive anywhere. We made possible wonderful Jewish
summer experiences for countless young people who
continue to be blessed by the rich Jewish atmosphere in
which they were nurtured. We enriched the lives of our
members with opportunity for Jewish study; we provided
our community experiences with Jewish culture; we
fostered the love for Israel among young and old; we
opened doors to numbers of our family who came from
other lands seeking the advantages and blessings a
Jewish community such as ours could provide. We saw
young people grow up within the walls of our congrega-
tion prepared to assume the responsibilities of leader-
ship as we saw our seasoned leaders continue in their
devotion and commitment to Jewish life. We comforted

 

Rabbi Emeritus David Gaffney

Rabbi Gaffney’s Message

those who were ill and consoled
others in their bereavement.

We have been a congregation
devoted to its religious tradition — a
minyan and service every morning and
every evening of every day of each
year. We have trained so many of our
congregants with the skills to lead
every facet of every service. There is
no question in my mind that the religious character of
the Jacksonville Jewish community is in great measure
due to the Jewish substance of our congregation.

As I consider the accomplishments of these last
100 years I realize that we are a community of memory.
There is so much of which we as a congregation can be
proud. As we begin the New Year of 5762 we must
recognize that we are also acommunity of hope. We are
a people —not only because of where we have been or
what we presently are. We are a community by what we
choose to become. With the direction of the new spiritual
leadership of Rabbi Grundfast and with the seasoned lay
leadership with which the Center has always been
blessed, I have no doubt but that the future —the next 100
years will be as bright as the last 100 years have been.

Inge joins me in expressing the very best wishes
on this New Year to the entire Center family. We look
forward to seeing you in the very near future as we
celebrate this wonderful Centennial milestone. To para-
phrase Judah Ha-Levi ...our heart is so often with you.

Rabbi David Gaffney

 

14A
