Lifecycle Events

 

i,

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
LOO (2 OOr
ee)

Burial and Mourning

Center Cemetery

The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate
5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To
reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make
a right on 43rd Street and the entrance is
at the next right, which is Liberty Street.

We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:

Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman

This year, middle school students of
the Solomon Schechter Day School
learned, through the Mitzvah Program,
about the respectful care of the dead,
including tending of burial sites. On a visit
to the Old Cemetery, they discovered that several family plots no longer had
loved ones to maintain them. The students rolled up their sleeves and, with
great care and respect, cleaned the neglected headstones of a family that been
laid to rest more than 50 years ago. We are proud and grateful to these children
for performing an important mitzvah.

 

Students from Solomon Schechter Day
School’s Mitzvah Program cleaned
unattended headstones.

Future plans for the cemetery include improvements to the entrances, as
well as additional landscaping. Contributions can be made to the Cemetery
Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance
and maintain our cemeteries.

 

Officers 2000-2001
President
Nathan C. Sandler

VP/Treasurer
Bob Bossen

VP/Education
Ira Grann

Taharah Committee Chairs
Ilse Gottlieb
Sally Becker

VP/Secretary
Naomie Bossen

 

Hevra Kaddisha

It is a source of pride and comfort for the entire Jewish community that
our Hevra Kaddisha is celebrating 30 years of dedicated service to the dear
departed. The burial society presently has 40 active members.

The concept of Hevra Kaddisha is based on kindness — not a reciprocal
type of kindness, but the true kindness of doing and caring for someone who
cannot return the favor. Our members perform these necessary services because
it is the right thing to do. Their satisfaction comes from knowing that they are
helping families at a time of grief and turmoil.

The Hevra Kaddisha is available 24 hours a day to perform the Tahara
(purification) rituals for cleansing and preparing the body for burial; to recite
the traditional prayers and to shroud the body in white linen, Tacrichim; and to
provide a Shomer (watchman) to remain with the body until burial. Families
can take comfort knowing that members of the Hevra Kaddisha are well trained
in the traditional duties, and are devoted to showing the utmost respect for the
deceased.

The Jewish community, regardless of affiliation, 1s encouraged to call
and discuss their concerns with any of our officers, as well as the rabbis.
Dedication 1s our watchword.

—Nathan C. Sandler, president

81
