The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs

 

Religious Schools

Jacksonville
Jewish Center

Centennial

Celebration
LOO ae Soma
[ae ae |

Sunday School

The SUNDAY SCHOOL of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is
planned expressly for children in kindergarten, first and second grades.
A weekly, two-hour program gives each child the opportunity to
experience the richness of his/her Jewish heritage through song,
dance, role playing, cooking, short stories, games, arts and crafts.
Emphasis is placed on the holidays and festivals. Jewish values and
mitzvot are encouraged. Many thanks to our wonderful Sunday
School teachers Susan Kadish and Susan Neadle.

Religious Schools PTA

 

We are looking forward to another exciting year with

Purim at Sunday School. our Afternoon Hebrew, Sunday School and Beit Midrash
classes.
Youth Congregations Our younger students seem to become more involved
each year with our Jewish Holidays. They love performing in
Pre-Junior Congregation programs for Passover and Purim. Our older students are
Kindergarten-2nd Grade becoming serious, committed Jews.

Meets Saturdays, | la.m.-Noon Parental involvement is so very important in a child’s

religious education. Volunteers are always needed, and we
believe your children benefit from seeing you helping out.
Please feel free to volunteer whenever you are able, showing
your support for our programs.

Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
Meets Saturdays, 10:45 a.m.-Noon

Saturday morning classes are taught before services Wishing you a wonderful and healthy New Year!
by Wendy Brezin, Suzy Kadish, Alina Kentof and — Cathy and Ava
Susan Neadle.

Tot Shabbat

Toddlers from 15 mos.
Meets Saturdays, 11 a.m.-Noon

 

Cathy Wilensky and Ava Axelrod |
PTA Presidents

At left: Religious School teachers and school volunteers:
(L-R) Front row - Mazal Spalter, Melissa Neadle, Ava Axelrod,
Cantor Aron Heller, Edith Horovitz, Rabbi Dov Kentof, Cathy
Wilensky. Center row - Kelly Waeltz, Cindy Marsh, Susan Neadle,
Dana Kresel, Wendy Brezin, Suzy Kadish. Back row - Beverly Geller,
Kate Robbins and Scott Zimmerman.

109
