Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1901 - 2001

 

 

 

 

11401 Old St. Augustine Road ¢ 260-9020 * www.rivergarden.org

“A Caring Community”

For over 55 years River Garden has met its mission: To meet the unique
residential geriatric needs of the Jewish Community while serving people of all
faiths; To Provide the finest in specialized geriatric rehabilitation and skilled nursing
services to the community at large; To enrich the entire community as a resource
in geriatric careand knowledge; To serve rich and poor alike with caring and
excellence; To create an environment which is supportive of Jewish identity and
informed by Jewish values. Located on a beautiful 35 acre Mandarin campus
containing lush Florida Oak and Pine trees, a private lake, meandering walking
paths,River Garden is the perfect setting for residents and visitors. River Garden
Hebrew Home/Wolfson Health & Aging Center has become the anchor of agrowing
system of elder services including the Home, The Coves, Family CareSupport
Home Health Services, and the Adult Day Program. River Garden is anational
model of «cellence in itsfield.

River Garden’s programs of short-term rehabilitative/respite care, long-term
residential care, Alzheimers’ Dementiacare and Adult Day Care, serve close to
200 people daily. A devoted, professional full time staff of over 230 programs
guide these programs. Staff includes:physicians and beauticians; nurses, social
workers, pharmacist, activities specialists; physical, occupational and speech
therapists; dieticians, etc. In addition, scores of dedicated volunteers help create a
special caring community.

Rver Garden is community where people live, love and care; a community
of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content, and a community which every day
strives to live up to the mandate of the Fifth Commandment, “Honor thy father

and mother that thy days may be long...”

e Meo =k
Now in its seventh year, this elegant yet
affordable retirement community is located

on River Garden’s 35 acre campus in
Mandarin.

 

River Garden
Sponsored by the not-for-profit River eee NED 2k EEL SON
Garden Holding Company, The Coves
offers comfort security, clubhouse living

and the opportunity for continued growth

River Garden Holding Company

Minnie Schreiber
Michael Greenburg
Lewis Meisel
Ronald Elinoff
Martin Wolf

President:
Vice President:
Vice President:
Secretary:
Treasurer:

River Garden Hebrew Home

President:

Vice President:
Vice President:
Vice President:
Vice President:
Vice President:
Secretary:
Treasurer:

Asst. Treasurer:

Fred Tromberg
Michael Lissner
Gloria Einstein
Mark Lodinger
Jack Price

Rose Lee Gold
Steven Shapiro
Robert L. Jacobs
Martin Wolf

River Garden Foundation

Tom Hazel

Mel Gottlieb

Earle Traynham

Secretary: Aaron Scharf

Treasurer: Steven J. Sherman
Chairman of the Board:

Sheila Jacobson

President:
Vice President:
Vice President:

The Coves Board

Helene Coleman
Lewis Meisel
Dennis Lafer

Jack Price

President
Vice President
Secretary
Treasurer

 

Qj Community Agencies

Garden

gg gg ggg gay ages, :
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH & AGING CENTER
EST LL I FEI I FT POT

The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established

during the retirement years in a Jewishly
sponsored environment.

At The Coves, every effort is made to
enable residents to remain comfortable in
their apartment/homes as their needs
change. Residents can access a broad range
of services to help them maintain their
independence. The Coves is a wonderful
community, please come and experience it.

to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services. 3

The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.

The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.

215
