Center Sisterhood

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
Logie =) 2ood
(Tes a)

This past year has been one of accomplishment and hard work by our entire Sisterhood team. We
have all made contributions of time and effort in order to accomplish our goals of education, fund
raising and religious observance.

Our monthly program meetings were both entertaining and informative, from skits to speakers to
educational games. We got to know each other better through a people scavenger hunt, and tested

 

2000-2002 Officers

President

Maxine Romo
Education VP

Debbie Banks
Membership VP

Robin Shorstein
Ways & Means VP

Jeanine Rogozinski
Torah Fund VP

Gayle Bailys
Youth VP

Robin Allerding
Treasurer

Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary

Elissa Vining
Recording Secretary

Etta Drashin
Corresponding Sec.

Janis Dorman
Parliamentarian

Bonnie Sandler
Budget

Joanne Rosenberg
Nominating Committee

Beth Shorstein
Administrative Asst.

Shirley Bielski

 

 

 

our Jewish knowledge with our own version of the Millionaire
game. We learned about the Florida nursing home crisis,
and what we could do to help. At our Torah Fund luncheon,
we honored past president Marilyn Garber with the first
annual Horty T. Gendzier Woman of Achievement award, appropriately named for the
woman who contributed so much time and effort to the Torah Fund campaign. We were
mesmerized as Rabbi Eliezer Ben- Yehuda, grandson of the famed Israeli pioneer and
statesman, regaled us with the story of his renowned family. I hope that next year our
programs will again reflect the diverse interests of our members.

Maxine Romo
President

Sisterhood members participated in the Women’s League Biennial convention in
Washington, D.C., with 3 Jacksonville women attending. Barbara Safer was installed as
an international Vice President, and we have 4 Jacksonville women on the International
Board. Four of our members also attended the annual Florida Branch Conference in
Fort Meyers. Our Sisterhood has a Florida Branch Vice President(Phyllis Goldberg) as
well as 4 members on the Branch board.

Our financial support for the religious schools and young people of the Center continued
with our donations to the Youth Fund, Leagrams for Consecration and Confirmation,
scholarships for Camp Ramah, USY on Wheels, and summer programs in Israel. Our
support also included snacks for High Holidays, apples and candy for Simchat Torah,
and hamentaschen for Purim.

Educational and religious programs focused on enlightening monthly seminars led by
Rabbi Gaffney. Our members and their daughters demonstrated their many talents and
abilities during our spiritually uplifting Sisterhood Shabbat and Women’s Minyan. We
were also fortunate to continue with several informative book reviews after Shabbat
services.

Successful fund raising continued with Rosh Hashanah flower and card sales, Nachas

Tax and Donor funds, and our family spring picnic. Please patronize the Sisterhood

Judacia Shop, which benefits all members of the congregation and community with

beautiful gift and ritual items. Look for these activities and others to continue in the
coming year.

The mission of Sisterhood as defined by Women’s League
for Conservative Judaism is “to strengthen and unite
synagogue women’s groups and their members; support them
in mutual efforts to understand and perpetuate Conservative/
Masorti Judaism in the home, synagogue and community;
and reinforce their bonds with Israel and with Jews
worldwide’. In this coming year, let us celebrate the value
of volunteering our services, establishing Jewish homes,
creating Jewish families, and building Jewish communities.

Don and I wish you all a Shana Tovah, a year filled with joy
and peace.

— Maxine

Left to right: Phyllis Goldberg, Barbara Safer, Maxine Romo, and
Beth Shorstein.

37
