Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1901 - 2001

Simhat Torah Honorees

Special Events

The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival of Sukkot. Because
of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On Simhat Torah, we bring toa close the
annual cycle of reading the Torah and immediatley begin anew. An ancient traditition evolved of honoring worthy
men by calling them to the Torah for the last reading. Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In
our synagogue tradition, we also honor the contributions made by a “Woman of Valor’.

Milton Berman

Hatan Torah

Mea to i
_ Berman was born in
a small village in
Russia in September
1921. A year later,
_ when the Cossacks
came and killed all
of their neighbors,
| Milton's father
decided that it was
time. for them: to
leave. The family made their way to
Germany and then on to Grinnell, lowa.
where they lived in a small house built on
his uncle’s scrap yard.

After graduating from high school in
1940, Milton, joined the Navy and was
stationed in Jacksonville. While attending
a USO dance at the Temple, he met his
lovely bride, Edith. They were married in
1944, and moved back to Iowa for 5 months.
During that time, Milton decided that he
really liked Jacksonville, so he and Edith
moved back. Having grown up in a scrap
yard, it was only natural for Milton to open
one of his own. He and his brother Harry ran
it together for many years.The business grew
and so did Milton’s family.

Soon. son (Charles. was ‘born,
followed by son Eric, and then son Alan.
Shortly after that, Milton and Edith wanted
to adopt a baby girl, but instead, gave infant
Randy a home. Randy was a special baby.
He, like Edith, had a heart condition, and
Milton and Edith wanted to give him not
only a home, but also a chance to live.

Unfortunately, Randy passed away at
the age of 17, and Alan at the age of 42.
Milton and Edith have kept the memory of
both boys alive by them generous
contributions to the Center and other Jewish
organizations. For many years, they have
sponsored a major part of our Performing
Artists Series in memory of their sons.

Milton Berman is a quiet man, hard
working and devoted husband, father and
grandfather. His inner strength and faith in
God has helped him turn personal adversity
into generosity that now benefits a whole
community.

Yasher Koach to Milton, Edith and
their entire family.

 

Michael DuBow
Hatan Bereshit

Michael has
the pedrenee on a
community leader.
His father Laurie
DuBow is a past
Center president,
board member,
SUs€ Cre Set wf
businessman and
noted philanthropist.
Michael was raised to follow in his father’s
footsteps.

A graduate of the Bolles School, he
went on to receive a degree in accounting
from Tulane University and an MBA from
the University of Florida. He worked in
New York before moving back to
Jacksonville and entering the family
business.

Over the next few years, Michael
began to establish himself as a dedicated
volunteer and civic leader. He currently
serves on the Boards of Directors for the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, the
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation and the
city’s Museum of Science and History
(MOSH), as well as our synagogue Board.
He has been part of Leadership Jacksonville
and, last year, received the Federation’s
Ilene Selevan Young Leadership award.

In 1998, Michael became the
Center’s Vice President of Education, a
position he still holds. In addition , he chairs
the Education Executive Committee which
oversees the development of policies and
programs to benefit the students, faculty and
parents of all our Center Schools.

Michael is dedicated to providing the
finest Jewish education for the children of
Jacksonville. He has been the guiding force
behind the Solomon Schechter Day School
“ipo stock” program that allows the
community to “invest in the future of Jewish
education.” Michael was instrumental in
obtaining computers for the students of our
Preschool and Hebrew Schools.

The future of our synagogue is secure
with leaders like Michael DuBow.

Sharing this honor was Michael’s
wife Helen and their children, Sophie and
Charlie.

 

Etta Drashin
Woman of Valor

A native of
Jacksonville, Etta is
a third generation
Center member and
a product of the
Center schools. A
graduate of Wolfson
High School and the
University of
Georgia, Etta has put

eat her education and
teaching skills to good use as a volunteer
remedial teacher for New American
children in the Solomon Schechter Day
School and as a beginning Hebrew teacher
for over 70 adults.

An ongoing learning Jew, Etta’s
distinguishing trait is her love of Judaism.
She has participated in the adult B’nai
Mitzvah class, attended the Wagner
Institute at the Jewish Theological
Seminary, and regularly attends Rabbi
Gaffney’s Sisterhood Seminars, Torah
Study and Talmud classes. She has also
been accepted into “Kolot B’K’dush,” the
Women’s League for Conservative Judaism
national corps of women skilled in reading
Torah. She was also among the special
group of people who helped organize the
Men’s Club New American B’nai Mitzvah.

Etta has been honored for her many
volunteer activities. She received the
Jewish Family & Community Services
volunteer of the year award for her work
helping to resettle Jews from the former
Soviet Union and was honored at a
Women’s League Spring Conference with
the Sisterhood leadership award. Etta sits
on many committees as a Center Board
member and Center Sisterhood board
member. A life member of Hadassah and
National Council of Jewish Women, Etta
has served as co-President of Tikva group
of Hadassah, and Past President of the
Jewish Women’s Bowling League.

She has co-chaired the Center’s
Performing Artist Series and has helped
form several of the Center’s existing
Havurot. Her community activities include,
presidency of DuPont Junior High School's
PTA and a vice-presidency of Wolfson
High School’s PTA.

We extend mazel tov to Etta’s
daughters, Heidi and Sandy, and her
mother, Charlotte Fialkow who share in
this honor.

 

 

49
