‘
i

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
190 001

 
 

SEPTEMBER 6, 1908 CORNER STONE WAS LAID:
When the cornerstone was laid on September 6, 1908,
the members of the building committee enclosed a
statement signed in Hebrew by all of the members of
the building committee that concluded with these words:

“With great pleasure, through
diligent work by the Building
Committee and the members of
our society, have now succeeded
in building this synagogue. Today
we have the honor of laying the
cornerstone of First Orthodox
Synagogue in Jacksonville.”

1909 WE MOVED IN:

The building was completed and
dedicated in 1909. The building
was designed to accommodate the necessity of a school
facility as well as a sanctuary. The lower floor was
devoted entirely to the school, with classrooms and a
large assembly hall. The main floor housed the
sanctuary and in Orthodox style there was a gallery
reserved for women.

1919 RABBI, DR. STEIN ARRIVES:

The congregation’s first ordained Rabbi, Dr. Salo Stein
arrived in 1919. He instituted a late Friday evening
Service, and mid-week lectures were introduced for a
more complete program for the synagogue. During
Rabbi Stein’s tenure, a Sunday Religious School
program was instituted, and Troop 14 Boy Scout Troop
was formed in 1919. In 1921 Rabbi Press succeeded
Dr. Stein and remained for the next two years.

1922 DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL:

Rabbi Press organized the Daughters of Israel in April
1922 led by its first president Mrs. Harry Finkelstein.
This organization is now known as the Center
Sisterhood. It’s goals of financial aid and various social
and philanthropic activities continue on as major
endeavors of the Center Sisterhood.

1926 RABBI SAMUEL BENJAMIN:

One of the most significant changes in the history of
the congregation took place on April 1, 1926. Harry
Gendzier played a key role in the selection of Dr. Samuel
Benjamin, a graduate of the Jewish Theological

1909 -

 

A Centenial Chronicle

 

loz]

Seminary, as rabbi of the congregation. Benjamin
represented the American educated type of rabbi,
holding a degree from Brown University, a Dr. of
Jurisprudence from New York University and ordination
from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. With
the arrival of Rabbi Benjamin in 1926 a tremendous
evolution took place in the life of the
congregation. He was an excellent
educator, a respected scholar, and a
| dynamic speaker. Shortly after his
‘ arrival, the mode of worship changed
to a more Conservative pattern.
Cantor Aaron Edgar was added to the
staff. The community immediately
felt the influence of Rabbi Benjamin.
He launched an intensive campaign
to create a Jewish community center.
The independence of the proposed
center was emphasized by Rabbi’s statement that “the
Jacksonville Jewish Center is not to be the institution of
particular congregation, group or society. It is to
represent the entire Jewish community on the broad
principle of a living American Judaism.”

1927 JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
CHARTER:

On January 27, 1927 a charter was issued for the new
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Harry Finkelstein became
president of the new organization. Lionel D. Joel
became first Vice- President, and Max Rubin became
second vice-president. Joseph Witten, Jacob Lapinsky,
David Moskovitz, Paul Newman and Moses Feldman,
previously of B’ Nai Israel were included on the Board.
Newcomers to the leadership were Louis Bucholtz,
Herman Bloom, Phillip Bork, S.D. Kramer and Jack
Rosenberg.

DECEMBER 1928 THE NEW BUILDING WAS
READY AT THIRD AND SILVER:

On January 8, 1928, the first part of the dedication took
place in a procession carrying the Holy Scrolls from
Duval and Jefferson Streets to the Ark in the new
synagogue. That evening a delicious banquet featured
an address by Florida Governor John W. Martin. In the
program Rabbi Benjamin stressed the goal that the new
edifice would succeed only if the spirit of Judaism was
in it. Described in detail were the new sanctuary with
its balcony, the auditorium, the kitchen, daily prayer
