Jacksonville
jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
1901 2] “moet

Hadassah

Hadassah will be celebrating the most exciting event
of the decade, Hadassah’s 90th Anniversary. Our Chapter
will be celebrating this significant milestone in February.

Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity
— we must actively pursue righteousness and justice at
home, in the, community, and in the world. In this tradition,
Hadassah was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold to bring
public health services to pre-state Israel. Today, more than
300,000 American women support our network of Israel
projects in addition to our volunteer work at home. Across
the US, Hadassah promotes health education, community
Service, and Jewish education and research. Hadassah
advocates on issues ranging from Israel-US relations to
First Amendment protections to women’s rights and health
concerns.

One by one, we must each take responsibility for
transforming hopes, promises, and echoes into deeds.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites your participation in one of
our five groups: Hannah Senesch, Shir Li, Tikva, Nurse’s
& HCP Council and Yamit.

For information please contact any of our
presidents:

Janis Dorman
Leah Solomon
Shoshana Hass

Chapter
Hannah Senesch
Nurses & HCP Council

Shir Li Judie Leach & Wendy Pozin
Tikva Joan Waitz
Yamit Judy Elikan

Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah Board:

Education VP Helen DuBow
Fundraising VP Robin Allerding
Treasurer Ellen Rosner
Membership VP Pearl Marton
Records Charlotte Fialkow
Corresponding Sec. Stella Finck
Recording Sec. Joanne Rosenberg
Public Relations Stacey Goldring
Wills & Bequests Wendy Honigman
JNF Trees Rubye Safer
Hadassah Assocs. Evelyn Moskovitz
Youth Aliyah Wendy Talpalar
Dollar Power Store Rhoda Kagan
Bulletin Editor Shari Gottlieb
Bulletin Circ. Cynthia Freidlin
Nominating Comm. Robin Morris

Phyllis Goldberg

Community Organizations

 

National Council of Jewish Women

The National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW) is
a volunteer organization, inspired by Jewish values, that
works through a program of research, education, advocacy,
and community service to improve the quality of life for
women, children and families, and strives to ensure
individual rights and freedoms for all.

The Jacksonville section of NCJW was established
in 1939, and is currently involved in such programs as:

1. Organizing forums for candidates for local offices to
present their views to the Jewish community;

2. Bringing kosher meals, as well as a caring word, to
homebound Jewish people;

3. Organizing advocacy on state and federal issues
involving woman, children and families;

4. Providing a Hanukkah celebration at Wolfson’s Children’s
Hospital, bringing entertainment and gifts to patients;

5. Registering voters as part of a national “Promote the
Vote” campaign;

6. Providing entertainment and refreshments to Mt. Carmel
residents;

7. Participating in Israeli society through a variety of
education-oriented projects;

8. Recognizing women who have made great contributions to
our community, through our annual Women in Power
Luncheon;

9. Continued support of programs which we helped start, and
which now function independently, such as Guardian Ad
Litem, Home Instruction Program for Preschool Youngsters
and PACE.

For information, contact Gloria Einstein or
the NCJW Message Line — 443-2820

2000-2002 NCJW Officers

President Gloria Einstein
VP Administration Dr. [lene Levenson
VP Community Service Debbie Banks
VP Membership Rhoda Goldstein
VP Programming Leslie Kirkwood
Treasurer Kathy Cohen
Communications Coordinator Janice Meisel
Membership Records Coordinator Cheryl Blum
Social Secretary Dr. Dina Fetner
Bulletin Editor Susan Edelman

221
