Jacksonville
Jewish Center

Centennial

Celebration
190d =. 200d

Troop 14 continued the
scouting tradition at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center with
another year of outdoor fun,
adventure and activities in 2000-
2001, Bob Pleéct served as
Scoutmaster, and was assisted by
Assistant Scoutmasters Louis
Schwartz and Billy Wilensky.
Youth leadership was provided by Jared Fleet, as Junior
Assistant Scoutmaster.

This year, the troop went on campouts to Fort
Clinch State Park, Paynes Prairie State Preserve, and
Ginnie Springs. At Fort Clinch, they completed a 12
mile Historic Trail hike and at Ginnie Springs, they
kayaked and snorkeled. The troop also bunked and went
horse back riding at Diamond D Stables.

Other activities the scouts enjoyed included tubing
on the Ichetucknee River, golfing at Palm Valley Golf
Course and a trip to the World Golf Village. The scouts
once again competed for the famed “Silver Cup of
Oratory”.

 

Justin Jackrel became an Eagle Scout.

Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

Scouting

 

Boy Scout Troop 14

Troop 14 participated in
Saturday morning Shabbat services
at River Garden and at the Center
on Scout Shabbat. Once again, the
scouts purchased food for the JFCS
Food Bank at Thanksgiving.

A lot of scouts made strides
in advancement this year. Justin
Jackrel became the most recent
member of Troop 14 to earn Boy Scouting’s highest
honor, the rank of Eagle. Thirteen scouts attended
summer camp with Troop 14 at Camp Rainey Mountain
in Clayton, Georgia. They were led by Assistant
Scoutmaster Louis Schwartz and Steve Meisel.

Troop 14 looks forward to continuing its proud
tradition of providing Jewish youth with a Boy Scouting
experience. If you enjoy camping, sports, a variety of
outdoor activities, and are between the ages of 11 and
18, we invite you to come to our meetings at the Center
on Thursday nights. The troop also welcomes
participation from adults interested in providing
volunteer assistance.

For more information call Bob Fleet at:
(H) 268-2746 or (W)730-8103.

 

Troop 14 at Summer Camp.

Leo
