Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
1901 - 2001
| eae]

Religious Committee

Chairman — David Schmerer

We are entering a new era at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and the Religious Committee will play a
central role in how our congregation will develop
religiously. This is no small undertaking for we must
blend the traditions of the past century with the challenges
of a new Rabbi and Hazzan and the current trends in
Conservative Judaism.

Our Committee is about to become arguably the
hardest working group in our Congregation. We have
critical oversight on all areas of religious practice,
ceremony and decorum and a substantial interest in the
areas of education and youth. The Religious Committee
is dedicated to ensure that all facets of the religious life
of our Congregation are spiritual, meaningful and central
to each and every congregant.

It is equally important that all of us demonstrate
our visible commitment to Conservative Judaism and to
our congregation by attending Shabbat and Holiday
Services and attending at least one daily Shacarit or
Mincha/Maariv Minyan each week. We should also make
every attempt to participate in adult education programs
and to join our Sisterhood and Men’s Club to show our
support for those valuable groups. It is critically
important, especially if you have young children, to
practice Jewish ritual in your home like lighting Shabbat
candles, doing Havdalah and keeping Kashrut. I realize
that there are varying levels of observance outside of the
Center so wherever you currently are on the observance
scale try moving it up a notch.

Any member of the Religious Committee stands
ready to help you achieve these goals. All you need to do
is ask.

 

Committee Members

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Jack Bettman Norman Kleiman
Abe Bielski Fred Kupperman
Daniel Blankstein Jack Mizrahi
Fred Blum Dr. Marco Rand
Bob Bossen Dr. Craig Sandler
Wendy Brezin Natalie Sandler
Etta Drashin Barry Schuster
Sheldon Gendzier Leonard Selber
Ira Grann Joe Schacter

Dr. Joe Honigman Mark Shorstein
Wendy Honigman Tom Spriggs

Dr. Garry Kitay Edward Tannen

 
 

Committees

 

Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
Minnie Schreiber and May Goldie Stillman, Chairs

In 1955 Roselyn Selber and her co-workers, with
the help of USY’ers moved books to what was to become
the first library. Charlote Glossman was the first librarian.

In 1959 the first library committee was formed
under Joe Zell then Joe Becker, and to the present chaired
by Minnie Schrieber. About this time the library acquired a
collection of books that belonged to Rabbi Sanders Tofield
that were to become the ““Tofield Memorial Library”’.

In 1976 came the big move to Crown Point Road
and once again, with the help of the USY’ers, books were
packed and unpacked in our new synagogue. Mrs Henry
Kramer with the assistance of Edwin Hugo furnished and
equipped the expanded library which is now known as the
Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center.

The library consists of several entities, such as the
Solomon Schechter Day School Library, a modern comput-
erized library with a trained Librarian. The Tofield Read-
ing Room, a depository of books, information, and materi-
als of Jewish interest.

The “Rita Gendzier Judaica Collection” was dedi-
cated in 1980 in memory of Rita Gendzier’s devotion to the
library.

This maginificent library is the result of 50 years

of devotion and assistance of countless synagogue mem-
bers to whom we are eternally grateful.

Library Committee

 

 
 

Members:
Blanche Slott, Roselyn Selber
Svetlana Goldiner, Barbara Pakula

Staff Assistants:
Stephanie Shacter, Debbie Shacter
