‘
;

 

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial

Celebration
190h = 200%

 

Camp Ramah Palmer and Ramah Darom

The Jacksonville Jewish Center 1s very fortunate to have a large representation
of youngsters participating in the Camp Ramah programs both in New England and
the new Ramah Darom in Georgia. Ramah, an arm of the Conservative Movement,
offers a wonderful summer opportunity for informal enrichment and meaningful
education.

Nachshanim and Nivanim basketball team at Ramah Darom.

This summer, Ashley Osterer attended Camp Ramah Palmer in New England.

Attending Ramah Darom in Georgia were: Jeremy Bailys, Jon Bernhardt,
Susan Bernhardt, Aaron Blankstein, Sarah Blankstein, Sasha Bloom, Robyn
Blum, Brett Eaglstein, Talia Fleet, Josh Fleet, Aliza Goldstein, Max Horovitz,
Alison Jernigan, Michelle Jernigan, Jonathan Kessler, Michael Kessler, Anne
Levenson, Brian Levenson, Eric Levenson, Emma Lipsky, Faye Maiman, Neil
Maiman, Lauren Margol, Debra Mizrahi, Jonathan Mizrahi, Hallie Morris, Lindsay
Morris, Zachary Morris, Jereme Pozin, Dana Rogozinski, Erin Rogozinski,
Jessica Rogozinski, Jonathan Rogozinski, Josh Rogozinski, Laura Rogozinski,
Zachary Rogozinski, Adam Rosner, Gabriel Rosner, Jonathan Sandler, Jodi
Schneider, Stephanie Shacter, Benay Shorstein, Benjamin Shorstein, Mathew
Shorstein, Abby Weiss, Andrew Weiss, Ben Whitman and Michael Wohl.

Our thanks to the families and organizations which provide incentive
scholarships to our summer programs: Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth
Fund, Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, Robert Gordon Scholarship Fund, Joan
Levin Gift of Israel Program/ Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jacksonville Jewish
Center Israel Fund, Center Youth Department, Center Men’s Club, Center
Sisterhood and Jewish Family and Community Services

U.S.Y. on Wheels

This fine program gives teenagers an opportunity to
travel around the United States seeing landmarks, historical
sites and National parks. In addition they meet Jewish youth i
in the cities in which they stay. This year, Geri Bernard, |
Dorian Bloom, Dena Mizrahi, Ben Rogozinski, Jeffrey
Shenkman, Jonathan Spriggs, Max Talpalar, Rachel Wyzan
joined other U.S. Y.ers on Wheels.

Summer Programs for Jewish Youth

 

 

 

Ashley Osterer and friends
at Ramah Palmer.

 

USY Israel Pilgrimage
and
Ramah in Israel

This is a unique opportunity for
young people ages 15 to 18 to visit
Israel. Based in Jerusalem each of our
groups travels the country experiencing
their Jewish heritage. In addition to
spending a delightful summer with their
Israeli counterparts, our “pilgrims” also
develop lifelong friendships with their
traveling companions from the United
States and Canada. An additional tour
of Poland gives a deeper understanding
of the Holocaust. Center USYers who
went on Pilgrimage were: Michael
Demri, Jared Fleet, Rachel Gerber,
Cara Goldberg, Aliza Morris, Avi
Richman, Rachel Rosner, Philip
Watkins, Jacob Zoske.

Melissa Osterer attended the
Ramah Seminar in Israel.

 

USY pilgrims by the menorah at the Kinesset.

119
