Organizations

‘
:

 

Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration

—— Membership ia Daily Minyan Captains

Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten men. Only in the presence of a minyan may
the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.

Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.

 

It is because of them that you can recite kaddish

j h break : .
Pee ee ne carey ge piratoyres when you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe the captains

___The Jacksonville Jewish Center is dedicated to provide not only our thanks, but also our participation, in order to
a spiritual and social home for each of its members. A synagogue continue providing a minyan for each service. Please call any
is a Bet Knesset, a house of gathering, and the JJC Membership minyan captain and become a “regular” for at least one minyan

Committee is committed to meet the needs of all our congregants. a week.

The Membership Committee consists of four groups
each with a different focus, but working together for the well
being of all. The New Member Development Committee
welcomes and creates programs for new and prospective goede an Jack Murahi
members. The Membership Programs and Development Tees pad a Usck Bethan
Committee helps with existing programs and develops new Le

Monday a.m. Raymond Cohen, Harry Shmunes
Monday p.m. Billy Wilensky

social, spiritual and educational programs for all segments of Wednesday a.m. Joe Shacter

the Center’s membership. The Young Family Programming Wednesday p.m. Jack Silverman
Committee is committed to initiate a mix of religious and social

programs geared toward families with children under age five. Thursdaya.m. Seeman Zimmerman
The Havurot Committee is working to bring together small Thursday p.m. Fred Kupperman
groups of individuals, couples, or families who share common :

interests and the desire to meet together on a regular basis to Friday a.m. Leon Yergin

develop a smaller, more intimate community within the Friday p.m. Philip Selber

Jacksonville Jewish Center. Saturday p.m. Bava Schncrée
Membership is everyone’s responsibility, and the Sunday a.m. Philip Selber

Membership Committee welcomes your participation. Please Sunday p.m Evan Yegelwel, Bill Zoske

join us on the committee, let us know your ideas and thoughts, ot ,

and tell us of newcomers to our community.

Shabbat/Holiday Ushers

Best wishes for a happy, healthy, and peaceful New Year. Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs

Phyllis Goldberg, Membership Vice President Every Shabbat and holidays these friendly volunteer
Suzi Weiss, New Member Development Chair members serve as ambassadors to Center congregants by helping
Janis Fleet, Programs and Development Chair with seating, guiding and acknowledging newcomers, and
Jeff and Wendy Sapolsky, Young Family welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers help to maintain

Programming Chairs synagogue decorum which preserves the beauty of the service
= for all of us. We thank all of our ushers for their efforts throughout
the year:

 

 

The Ushers

Stuart Appelbaum, Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Philip
Bloom, Stuart Cohen, Jeffery Morris, Joel Morris, Carl
Passen, Fred Pozin, Jim Richman, Harris
Rittenberg, Dr. Abe Rogozinski, George Rubens,

 

Leonard Saraga, David Schmerer, Barry Schuster,
Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Steve Solomon,
Sherry & Craig Sommers, Randall Smith, Tom
Spriggs, Joshua Whitman, and Scott Zimmerman.

 

Having fun with crafts and dreidles at the Young Family
Hanukah Hoorah

41
