As a young
Jacksonville : :
Jewish Center boy growing up in
Cone Newark,New Jersey
Celebration
1902 = 2001 and Richmond,
a

Virginia, | have

distinct and very
clear memories of attending synagogue
on Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. |
am not sure if I truly understood all that
was taking place but there was one part
of the service on Rosh Hashanah that
needed no explanation, the sounding

of the shofar.

The shofar service stirred me
and left a lasting impression. What a
strange and awe-inspiring custom! For
me it was the highlight of the service and until this day I
always feel a bit cheated when the first day of Rosh
Hashanah falls on a Shabbat and the shofar is not sounded.
Over the years I have had the privilege, on occasions, to
act as Baal Tekiah and no matter how many times I have
performed this mitzvah it never fails to inspire and move
me. Certainly, much has been written and said about the
meaning and significance of the shofar. My colleague,
Rabbi Samuel Chiel of Boston, offers the following story
with a unique perspective: “The story is about a lifeguard
in California who was also serving as a camp counselor.
The young man was explaining to his class what the shofar
was all about. He said, ‘Just as when you wander too far
out into the deep water and I blow my whistle as a warning
that you are getting into danger, so we blow the shofar
once a year to remind us that we shouldn’t wander too far
into deep water.”

The shofar demands that we get out of the deep
water and come back home. It is a signal to every Jew
that the New Year is at hand and that we must begin
looking inward in order to do true and meaningful
Teshuvah (repentance). The shofar also reminds us that
in ancient times it was used to announce important
communal events. This year, as we hear the notes of the
shofar, it not only resonates with a call to changes as
individuals but also to announce a milestone in the life of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. This year we celebrate the
one hundredth anniversary of our Center and its many
contributions to the lives of countless thousands of Jews.
When we rise to experience the sounds of the shofar this
Yom Toy, each person present in the sanctuary will recall
how the Center has impacted their lives. For me this year
the shofar will not look into the past but will look towards
the future and begin what I hope and pray will be a long
and fruitful relationship with each member of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.

 

Rabbi Stephen Grundfast

Rabbi Grundfast’s Message

I begin my tenure with a
deep sense of humility and
thankfulness. One of the most
important words in the Machzor is
‘Hineni’. This is the first word of the
prayer intoned by the Hazzan just
before the Musaf Amidah on the
Yamim Noraim-the Days of Awe.
When the Hazzan sings this prayer
he is ready to take on the awesome
task and responsibility of praying on
behalf of the congregation. In some
synagogues the Hazzan begins this
prayer at the rear of the sanctuary and
slowly walks to the bima singing the
words of Hineni. He approaches the
reading table with respect, honor and
a bit of trepidation for the great task
at hand. One of the lines he reads goes as follows, “V’lo
yehee shoom meechshole b’tefilati”-’And may my prayer
be without faltering”.

As we get to know each other better I, like the
High Holiday Hazzan, approach my new position as your
rabbi with respect, honor and a bit of trepidation.
Together we will listen to the sounds of the shofar for
inspiration as we begin a new chapter in the wonderful
history of our congregation. While it will take some time
for our relationship to grow and mature, I say “Hineni “,
here I am, ready for the challenges and opportunities that
I know the future will bring. Working together we can
begin building for the next one hundred years of
excellence and serious Jewish commitment.

On behalf of my wife, Judy, son, Joseph and my
daughter, Rachel, may I wish each of you a Shanah Tovah
u’Metukah-A-Good and Sweet New Year!

 

- Rabbi Stephen Grundfast

 

 

 

13
