Organizations

 

ream Center Choral Society

Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
1901 2 2001

2001-2002 Choir

 

Judy Geller Nevel, Musical
Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Stevie Levine
Music Coordinator

Members: Raymond Cohen, Karen
Dubin, Margaret Fleet, Lois Gosa,
Debbie Kaye, Henry Lasris, Stevie
Levine, Karen Morse, Judy Geller
Nevel, Philip Pakula, David
Organes, Peggy Organes, Rachel

 

For over 53 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing services on O Natalie Saud David
the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical music. Over the renee) ee ee ie e

years they have given numerous concerts featuring members of the choir Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Anita
as well as nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members Solomon, Steve Solomon and Rebecca

have been singing with this group for twenty years or more. New members Zapen.
are always welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733-6979.

Center Havurot

Havurah makes it possible for a family, couple or
single person, to make a personal connection within the
larger framework of the JJC.

The Center has a growing number of havurot whose
activities are varied according to the members’ wishes, and
may include education, discussion of Jewish issues, sharing
holiday and lifestyle celebrations, or just getting together
on a regular basis to socialize.

For many of our members, particularly those who
have relocated to Jacksonville, the havurah provides an
extended family and support group. The Center would be
happy to facilitate the formation of a new havurah and for

 

; : ; Children in their “Havurah” tee shirts gathered on Sukkot at the home
those who are interested in doing this, call the Center at of Barbara and Eliot Safer, in 1988. They still do!

292-1000.

Jewish Singles

The Jacksonville Jewish Singles calendar has been filled with activity. This year in addition to the 20 to 40
something group, a 40 to 60ish group has been getting together. To add to the mix , some special events are on the
calendar for a group from 35 to 45. These groups have enjoyed dinners and deserts at homes and at restaruants, as
well as attending concerts and art shows and have even taken an occasional hike.

A schedule of events is mailed every 3 months and is listed in the Jacksonville Jewish News plus serveral of
the local synagogue bulletins. There are no membership dues or requirements, other than being single, Jewish and
a desire to meet other single Jewish adults. Many great friendships have been formed and a few marriages have
taken place.

For more information, or to be put on the mailing list, call Rhoda at the Center office 292-1000.

39
