s,
'vjjnacjocjj
tie
- c
en
ter
*41
ministration
Sidney Cohen with his
children, Kim and Merit
MESSAGE FROM OUR EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
The President of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
has asked me to make sure that communications be¬
tween the Congregation, the Staff and the Center
Board become a priority, that the needs of the Con¬
gregation be represented and carried to the staff and
the Board members.
I am anxious to help in any way I can in the
growth and development of the Jewish Center. Please
cad me if you feel that I can be of assistance to you
and your family.
I feel certain that future additions to our congre¬
gational activities program will help meet your needs
and will go a long way in making the Center your
second home.
Sidney Cohen
JSrief Scope of ¿v4c tivities
Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are held daily, morn¬
ing and evening in the Chapel. Friday Family Services, Sabbath and
Holiday Services are observed in the Sanctuary throughout the entire
year.
Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish customs are
observed in connection with Circumcision, Naming of Girls, Pidyon
Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat Mitzvah, Confirmation, Marriages, Conver¬
sion to Judaism, Bereavement.
Education — Daily Kindergarten and Nursery with outstanding pro¬
gram of secular and religious content. Hebrew School, carefully graded
with intensive Hebrew content; Sunday School, with a curriculum in¬
cluding Jewish history and customs; Solomon Schechter Day School,
a graded secular and Hebrew School, 1st through 6th grade; with Pre-
Jr., Junior, Teen and Confirmation Congregations and Minyan Clubs.
Extension Services — Library, outstanding collection of juvenile and
adult Jewish books; Adult Education, religious and cultural Jewish
courses; Music programs of religious and cultural Jewish music; Sis¬
terhood and Men’s Clubs; Social activities provided by Mr. and Mrs.
Club, Single Adults; Family Recreation Program (Olympic Pool),
summer weekdays and Sundays for all ages at our Campsite.
Youth Activities — ATID for college age youth; United Synagogue
Youth, various age levels are served by Center Youth League, Charles
Palot Club, Pre-U.S.Y.; Scouting (Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts); Girl
Scouts; Brownies; Athletics, programs for youth and adults; Center
Day Camp & nine weeks summer program at our 36 acre Campsite on
State Road No. 13.
Family Recreation Program — Center Campsite . . . Swimming,
athletics, snack bar, available for members during the summer months.
KENNETH BOWDEN
Asst. Controller
MRS. FLORENCE ROBIN
Adm. Secretary
MRS. ESTHER FISHLER
Secretary - Year Book
11
