unacroqrt/ie
c. V- c.
OFFICERS
President
Co-ordinating Vice-Pres.
Program Vice-Pres
Religious Vice-Pres
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Treasurer
.... Edith Gendzier
Ruthe Lazarus
... Rochelle Zucker
Craig Blattner
Deena Safer
Michele Ansbacher
Mitch Kowitz
EDITH GENDZIER
CHARLES PALOT CLUB
To Jewish youth, United Synagogue Youth
should be an unforgettable experience, and it is the
job of the officers to successfully mix social and study
so that it is interesting and enjoyable to the U.S.Y.
members.
The programs for the past year have been both
informative and entertaining. We started our pro¬
gramming for the year with a movie from the Bell Sys¬
tem about the FUTURE. After the movie we were
served refreshments in a room decorated with tinfoil
and lights to give us a futuristic effect.
An excellent program was presented on the drug
problem when the speaker, Mr. Jabo Cox, an ex-drug
addict relayed his experiences.
Some of the other programs this year were square
dancing, Soviet Jewry, an Israeli Festival, and a trip
to the Zoo.
In April, our Club sponsored a Rally in Hemming
Park to protest the oppression of the Soviet Jews. We
Karen Gartner presenting
outstanding trophy to
Mark Gendzier
had several speakers including Mr. Jack Becker, Mr.
Jack Coleman, Mr. Ted Gross and Mr. Ben Fried¬
man. The event was covered on Channel 4 and an
article placed in the Jacksonville Journal.
Study groups also play a very important part in
U.S.Y. activities. To highlight our study group of the
year, Mr. Joel Goldman discussed with us the topic:
“Is Man Basically Evil?” The session was held after
Shabbat Services and dinner. We discussed criminal
instincts and whether they were inborn or acquired.
We finished with no definite conclusion, but we did
gain some insight into the subject.
I would like to thank Jeri Essock, all my officers,
and the members for making this a successful year in
C.P.C. I especially want to thank Mrs. Slott for her
encouragement and guidance throughout the year.
On behalf of the officers and members of the
Charles Palot Club I would like to extend wishes for
a Happy New Year in a world of Peace!
Mark Shorstein, President
Standing — Craig Blattner, Geri Essock, Advisor;
Mrs. Blanche Slott, Advisor and Mitchell Kowitz.
Seated — Edith Gendzier, Rochelle Zucker, Ruthe
Lazarus, Michele Ansbacher and Deena Safer.
103
