LVlnitect vjovitn
(H^enter ^\^outlr ^deacj
vie
OFFICERS
President
Co-ordinating Vice-Pres.
Program Vice-Pres
Religious Vice-Pres
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Treasurer
Advisors
Bruce Horovitz
Mark Gendzier
Rubin Saraga
.... Mark Shorstein
Janice Mizrahi
... Marilyn Presser
Scott Zimmerman
Shelly Werner and
Jack Mizrahi
The Center Youth League, high school group of
United Synagogue of America, brings together Jewish
youth who really care about Judaism and other people
in the world. We learn more about ourselves, enabling
us to overcome problems which we encounter. Most
of all, U.S.Y. builds trust and faith; a trust in Judaism
and faith in our fellowman.
BRUCE HOROVITZ
U.S.Y. cannot make a devoted Jew. Only the in¬
dividual can do that. U.S.Y. can only strengthen the
bonds between individuals and Judaism. That bond
can only be as strong as desired. Socially U.S.Y. can
help greatly. It gathers Jewish youth to join in con¬
ventions, dances and parties. This past year we trav¬
eled to Miami for Regional Convention. Jacksonville
U.S.Y. also went to St. Petersburg for another con¬
vention. In sports action, U.S.Y. trounced A.Z.A. in a
basketball game, 37-36. The game was played in the
Center Gym and was thoroughly enjoyable and excit¬
ing.
This past year we had many interesting discus¬
sions. Some examples: “Interdating,” “The Draft,”
“Our Laws - Do They Make Sense?”, “Soviet Jewry”
and “Is Chanukah Becoming the Jewish Christmas?”
I would like to thank Ricki Gross, Bruce Horo¬
vitz, Larry Browdy, Shirley Berman, Elaine Goldstein,
Mark Gendzier and Mark Kessler for their help and
leadership. I would also like to thank Mrs. Sheldon
Gendzier for her help and understanding.
Finally, I would like to thank everyone who was a
member in U.S.Y. I appreciate your choosing me as
President to lead you this past year, and I really hope
that we all received a greater knowledge and under¬
standing in anything we undertake.
Shalom,
Sammy Slom, Past President
Mark Gendzier and Shirley Berman,
Outstanding Boy and Girl
Standing — Rubin Saraga, Bruce Horovitz, Mark
Gendzier and Shelly Werner, Advisor.
Seated — Mark Shorstein, Scott Zimmerman and
Janice Mizrahi.
101
