c
ovnmuni
:fy
c
ounci
/
President Leon Irgang
Vice President Ben Friedman
Vice President Joel Goldman
Treasurer Joe P. Safer
Secretary Mrs. Michael Donziger
Hon. Presidents
Morton R. Hirschberg, Alexander Brest, P. N.
Coleman, Edgar M. Felson, Harry Gendzier, A1
L. Schneider, George Richter, Jack Coleman
B'nai B'rith Wolfson Lodge Charles Oberdorfer
B'nai B'rith A. B. Weil Lodge E. Theodore Cohn
B'nai B'rith Women Mrs. Gus Goldstein
Jewish Center Wilbur Margol
Sheldon Gendzier
Center Men's Club Gerald Greenspoon
Center Sisterhood Mrs. Sheldon Gendzier
Etz Chaim Sam Goodfriend
Etz Chaim Men's Club Stanley Tenenbaum
Etz Chaim Sisterhood Mrs. Jack Eisenberg
Temple
Aaron Block, Bennett M. Hirsh, Conrad Weihnacht
Temple Sisterhood Mrs. Irwin Goldberg
Temple Brotherhood David Boyer
Jewish Family & Children's Services Bert Whitfield
Hadassah Mrs. Jack Price
Jewish Youth Council Ava Hoffenberg
National Council of Jewish Women Mrs. Joseph Mason
ORT Mrs. Kenneth Klausner
River Garden Lewis Meisel
River Garden Auxiliary Mrs. Myron Rosenberg
Progressive Credit Union Ed Presser
Zionist Organization of America David Goodman
Jewish War Veterans Victor Hubsch
Hillel Elliot Goldberg
Members-at-Large: Mrs. Joseph Wilensky, Dr. Ira
Dushoff, Jack Price, Charles Bay, Harry Jaffa,
Jack Becker, Bud Goldberg, Leonard Barnett,
Hyman Selber, Richard Lewinson, Louis Small,
Richard Jaffa
Serving the entire Jewish community of Jackson¬
ville, the Jewish Community Council is the central
Welfare Fund and Community Relations body of the
Jewish community. An association of individuals,
synagogues, organizations and social service agencies,
the program encompasses key activities which give
unity, cohesion and coordination to local Jewish com¬
munal life.
A community-wide annual Welfare Fund Cam¬
paign provides support to significant local, national
and overseas organizations. The National United Jew¬
ish Appeal has expressed American Jewry’s respon¬
sibility for the welfare and rehabilitation needs of
Jewish communities the world over for over 200 years.
River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged and the
Jewish Family and Children’s Services are the local
beneficiaries.
The Council publishes a monthly newspaper known
as the Commentator. It is the official organ of the
Council and its member organizations.
The Council conducts a leisure time activities
program which includes Youth Council programs such
as college preparatory workshops, a youth news page
in the Commentator, and a youth division in the an¬
nual Jewish Welfare Fund Campaign.
LEON IRGANG
SIKES & STOWE, INC.
BODY AND FENDER WORK AUTO REFINISHING
Most of Our Work Comes from Satisfied Customers
739 W. ADAMS
PHONE 354-7816
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
173
