LAWRENCE RACKOW
Director
President Bert Whitfield
Vice-Presidents Bennett Hirsh
Lawrence Jaben
Dr. David Konigsburg
Dr. Morris Price
Treasurer Edward Siegel
BERT WHITFIELD
President
In its 53rd year, at the beginning of a new de¬
cade, the Jewish Family & Children’s Services, Inc.
strives to put into practice the deeply ingrained con¬
cern for one’s fellow man that led to its founding, and
to use the current wisdom to overcome the perennial
problems that face us in old and new forms. With a
continuing inflation, a tighter labor market and a
slowing down of business, the limited financial pro¬
gram offered markedly shot up in the first half of the
year.
The search, by young people for new ways, their
emphasis on Telling it as it is’, and confrontation ex¬
posed communication gaps between the generations
and in family therapy, where all the members of a
household sit down to work through the conflicting
values, interests and means of expression, the sessions
often were more explosive but also deeper.
While still waiting for the effects of the liberaliza¬
tion of abortion laws in the various states and the
major revisions of the old welfare system, the minor
changes involving residency and Medicaid, so far, have
had little effect on the basic program of the agency
but a careful eye is being kept to adjust the program
to meet the needs of the Jewish community on the
highest level.
To meet the needs the agency is currently offer¬
ing:
1. Family & Individual Counseling.
2. Vocational and Employment Counseling.
3. Service to Senior Citizens in their own
homes.
4. River Garden admissions.
5. Adoption Program.
6. Foster Home Care.
7. Short term financial assistance.
8. Transient Service.
9. Services to Prisoners in Raiford.
10. Services to Patients at Macclenny.
11. Day Camp and College loan program.
12. Friendly Visiting Program.
If a personal crisis should confront you or if you
would like to help someone with problems, you will be
assured of a warm, confidential, and professional re¬
sponse.
BEST WISHES
RICHARD P. CLARSON & ASSOCIATES
ENGINEERS SURVEYORS
1844 ATLANTIC BLVD. Phone 396-2623
175
