President
First Vice President
Sec. Vice President .
Third Vice President
Recording Secretary
Financial Secretary ..
Treasurer (Projects)
Mrs. Myron Rosenberg
... Mrs. J. Paul Witten
Mrs. Gerald Glickstein
Mrs. H. C. Sims
Mrs. Jay Cooper
Mrs. Sol Schauer
Mrs. Larry Richter
River Garden Auxiliary was founded 47 years
ago, and today stands as the largest Jewish women’s
organization in Jacksonville, with over 800 members.
A group of dedicated women dreamed of having a
home for the Jewish aged, and, after many years of
devoted service, their dream became a reality in 1946
when the doors of River Garden Hebrew Home for
the Aged was officially opened.
Last fall the Eugenia Coleman Memorial Build¬
ing opened its doors to accomodate 90 additional resi¬
dents. This magnificent building, with its added space,
will allow River Garden a greater degree of versatility
in the type of care given its residents.
The women of the auxiliary still provide service
with a heart through our Red Cross volunteers, Golden
Sunshine Club drivers, who provide door to door trans¬
portation for non residents so they can attend the
weekly meetings held at River Garden. We also bring
entertainment and refreshments to the residents on
special holidays, and participate in such projects as
ceramic and art classes, hobby shop and residents’
magazine.
Mrs. Myron Rosenberg, Mrs. H. C. Sims,
Mrs. Gerald Glickstein and Mrs. Sol Schauer
In the new building we are engaged in raising
money for decorating and furnishing, through our
Tombola, Donor and Membership drives. Further
funds are raised through our Social Printing Projects.
The annual Linen Shower helps replenish linens at the
Home.
With the expansion program reaching its fulfill¬
ment, the responsibilities of River Garden Auxiliary
have reached a new magnitude. We pledge to continue
our efforts and cooperation in bringing not only ma¬
terial, but spiritual values as well, into the lives of our
elder citizens.
TM
is strictly
I
a ladies Moen.
Rich-looking Boutique is a single-handle faucet that adds beauty and
convenience to any bath. And better yet, it looks more expensive than
it really is. You’ll like new Boutique because inside the faucet
is the same performance proven cartridge that’s
used in all Moen faucets. So you know you can
depend on it.
And Boutique gives you typical Moen ease of in¬
stallation and reduced maintenance.
So, whether it’s a question of new work, or remodel¬
ing, or repair.. .the answer’s new Boutique by Moen.
Visit your Moen wholesaler soon. And put your
hand on a beautiful new opportunity. Boutique. It’s
available in either new goldtone or silvertone finish.
MOEN the faucet that turns your savings on.
Moen, Elyria, Ohio 44035
A division of Standard Screw Co., 216/323-5481
— DISTRIBUTED BY —
2253 DENNIS ST.
354-391 I
JACKSONVILLE
ALL STATE PIPE SUPPLY CO.
COLUMBIA & HUGHEY
425-2531
ORLANDO
179
