S'
cnior
President Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Vice-Presidents:
Fund Raising Mrs. Raymond Roberts
Membership Mrs. Saul Eisen
Education Mrs. A. J. Bloom
Programming Mrs. Ronald Levin
Secretaries:
Recording Mrs. Richard Blustein
Corresponding Mrs. Edwin Presser
Social Mrs. Sumner Waitz
Financial Mrs. Murray Shenkman
Treasurer Mrs. Barry Zisser
Unique for its achievement, dynamism and for its
service in Israel and the U.S., Hadassah, the Women's
Zionist Organization of America, continues to make
records in all fields in which it is engaged. Founded
in 1912 by Miss Henrietta Szold, Hadassah has grown
to the largest women's organization in the world.
The Hadassah program began as a modest at¬
tempt to raise the health standards of what was, at
that time, Palestine. It now conducts an internation¬
ally renowned program of healing, teaching and med¬
ical research, child rescue work, vocational education,
social welfare and land redemption in Israel.
In the United States, Hadassah seeks to educate
its members to become better informed American cit¬
izens, to live more creatively as part of the American
Jewish community and to work actively for world
peace.
New and exciting on Hadassah's horizon is their
Mrs. Lewis Meisel, President;
Mrs. Raymond Roberts and Mrs. Ronald Levin
community American Affairs program. Realizing the
profound need at this time for social action, the pro¬
gram seeks to alleviate hunger within the community
and work with learning problems within the schools.
Hadassah meets the second Tuesday of each
month from September through May. The Hadassah
Bazaar which is staffed by volunteer workers is lo¬
cated on 411 Main Street.
<3~Cannah enesch (ELveriing oj <J~Cadassali
President Mrs. Alfred Rosenzweig
Vice Presidents:
Fund Raising Miss Kate Bandrimer
Membership Mrs. David Moed
Education Mrs. Minna Geller
Program Mrs. George Ringold
Treasurer Mrs. Milton Lipkowitz
Secretaries:
Financial Mrs. Abe Sinoff
Recording Mrs. Martha Silver
Corresponding Mrs. Albert Bressler
Honorary Vice President and
Donor Chairman Mrs. Lottie Salzman
This evening group of Hadassah is a vital part of the Jacksonville1 Chapter.
It provides opportunity for active participation in Hadassah work to those
women who are unable to attend day-time meetings. The programs for each
meeting are carefully planned to include educational and fund raising
themes. They feature interesting speakers, movies, and book reviews. A so¬
cial hour follows each meeting and newcomers and guests are always
welcome.
183
