m
omen s
^4,
menean
O. 72 cl.
(Organization for Rehabilitation through Training)
OFFICERS 1970-71
President Mrs. Kenneth S. Klausner
Vice Presidents Mrs. Preston Epstein
Mrs. Michael Lissner
Mrs. Richard Wolf son
Mrs. Ray Belcher
Recording Secretary Mrs. Alvin Coplan
Corresponding Sec’y Mrs. Myron Dunay
Treasurer Mrs. Philip Shapiro
Financial Sec’y Mrs. George Strumlauf
Parliamentarian Mrs. Joel Goldman
Chaplain Mrs. Phillip Bork
The President and Vice-Presidents of O.R.T.
Women’s American ORT, while only 5 years old
in Jacksonville, has been in the United States since
1924, and has been a national organization for 90
years.
O.R.T. is a program for teaching people, young
and old, vocational skills so they can make their own
way in life. It is the CHARITY TO END ALL CHAR¬
ITY.
Briefly, the O.R.T. Program consists of:
• 703 Trade & Technical Training Centers.
• Located in 23 countries, including North Amer¬
ica, South America, Iran, India, France, Italy,
and Israel.
• Approximately 50,000 persons are helped an¬
nually.
• Teaching staff, mostly O.R.T. graduates, num¬
bers about 1,700.
• O.R.T. schools teach 72 different job skills.
• Annual cost of this program is in excess of
$15,000,000.
• Largest program is in Israel, with over 35,000
trainees in 72 schools.
One of the most exciting projects that O.R.T. is
entering into is the O.R.T. School of Engineering to
be built on the campus of the Hebrew University. Con¬
struction is about to begin, and students will be able
to attend in September of 1971. With Israel’s need
for technician and engineers becoming so much greater
as each day passes, this school, as are all of our
schools, will be a tremendous asset to the economy and
well-being of the state of Israel.
To help meet our financial assignments locally,
we conduct fund-raising projects throughout the year,
the largest of these being our Chinese Auction which
is held annually in the Wolf son High Cafeteria. Also
on the agenda is an Art Auction to be held in Septem¬
ber. Of every Dollar raised through these affairs, 90%
goes to the O.R.T. Program.
For every two people joining O. R. T., another
child can be accepted in an O.R.T School somewhere.
Our Open meetings are usually the last Monday of
each month, September through May. Won’t you JOIN
us?
REGENCY T
OYOTA, INC'
8445 Arlington Ave.
396-4938
193
