v>
rocjressivc
Cü^redit \Á
nion
OFFICERS
President Moe B. Safer
Vice-President Israel Lipson
Secretary Eugene L. Henry
Treasurer Joseph Cohen
Directors Edwin Presser and Samuel Schuster
Assoc. Directors Herman Gelman, Murray
Glickstein and Leo Jacobson
Credit Committee Louis Moss, Benjamin Fink
and Mac Presser
Auditing Committee Max M. Becker, Sanford M.
Whitman and Isidore Weiss
Officers
The Progressive Credit Union sponsored by the
Jewish Progressive Society is organized to encourage
thrift and provide a safe, convenient medium where¬
by members can invest and accumulate savings. The
Credit Union carries life savings insurance of $2,000
and loan protection insurance without any direct cost
to the members. Last year the Board declared a 3%
dividend on savings and 10% rebate of interest to
borrowing members.
Ten Commandments of our Credit Union: The
Member is the most important person in our Credit
Union. The Member is not an outsider, he is an owner
of our Credit Union. The Member is not an interrup¬
tion of our work, he is the purpose of it. The Member
does us a favor when he calls — We are not doing
him a favor when we serve him. The Member is not
a cold statistic — He is a human being with feelings
and emotions like our own. The Member is not some¬
one to argue or match wits with. The Member is a
person who brings us his wants — it is our job to
fill these wants. The Member is deserving of the most
courteous and attentive treatment we can give him.
The Member is not dependent o nus, we are dependent
on him. The Member is the life blood of this Credit
Union.
The year’s activities climax with the annual dinner
meeting at the Center. Anyone who wishes to join is
extended a cordial invitation.
OUR WORSHIP IN
A child who is born a Jew
Is as sweet as a honey-dew.
From the cradle to the nursing
He is loved always and no cursing.
A toy with which to play
This is his joy in his way.
Who knows his future
Is a secret hidden in nature.
He runs around the Earth
To acquire only what he deserves.
He follows the studying of Torah
To enlighten his heart, as bright as the Menorah.
He is great in business and longs
To reach the heights as King Solomon.
THE HOLY TEMPLE
He tries to be a Rabbi
To be saved in the Hochanah-Rabbi.
We all come to worship in the Temple
With bowing head and heart atremble.
O Lord, hear our prayer
Renew our heart with a new layer.
Your Holy Commandments rule us
As an obedient child that loves us.
In closing our year in Yom Kippur
A Holy Spirit covers us to make us pure.
We pray for our ancestors that are living in Soul
As all of us and the child to reach his goal.
Todah—Rabbi
To all our Rabbis.
By Isaac M. Kabbani
195
