Committees
Adult Education
The Jewish people have historically been called the
“people of the book” We have a tradition of love and
dedication to education, and Jewish education in particular,
as a lifelong pursuit of the highest esteem. To answer the
diverse educational needs of our congregation, the Adult
Education Committee, chaired by Dr. Harris Rittenberg
and Dr. Joanne Davis and with the guidance of Rabbi
David Gaffney, coordinated an ambitious program with a
wide variety of courses and speakers throughout the year.
Hebrew literacy, Talmud, synagogue and holiday workshops,
Firing Line and other discussion groups formed the basis of a comprehensive, ongoing curriculum. In addition,
Rabbi Gaffney met one Wednesday each month for a lively discussion with the Sisterhood about various modern-
day topics. Etta Drashin and Wendy Brezin taught basic Hebrew literacy courses. The Setzer-Levit Memorial
Lecture, Shabbaton and community-based engagements brought prominent speakers of national and international
acclaim. We invite you to avail yourself in the coming year of the exciting programs that are now being planned to
enrich your spiritual life.
Rabbi Reuvan Kimelman was the featured speaker at the Shabbaton
Weekend, underwritten by the Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton Fund. Rabbi
Kimelman, a Yale doctoral scholar, is a professor of Rabbinic Literature at Brandéis
University, Senior Scholar of CLAL (the National Jewish Center for Learning and
Leadership), and among other teaching assignments has taught at the Hebrew
University in Jerusalem and the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. A well
published author, Dr. Kimelman is a dynamic, engaging speaker on a variety of topics.
He presented thought provoking discussions on Jewish mysticism, choosing Jewish
leaders and the impact of social acceptance on the American Jewish community.
New this year, Rabbi Gaffney gave a series of six lectures on spirituality entitled
“Seeking the Face of God — Judaism as a Spiritual Journey.” The lectures, which
were held on selected Wednesday evenings, were very well received, with seventy or
more adults attending each session. Rabbi Gaffney eloquently presented a new and
refreshing encounter with a way of life and literature that facilitates spiritual fulfillment.
He made suggestions through story, legend, song and meditation for reclaiming sacred
moments for our own lives.
The Jewish Community Shabbaton, sponsored by the Federation in cooperation
with all the synagogues, was an occasion for fellowship, spirituality and the exchange of
ideas in the inspiring atmosphere of Shabbat. The National Learning Center for Learning
and Leadership (CLAL), a motivating force for communal thinking, made presentations
at gatherings which were held at different synagogues throughout the weekend. Rabbi Irwin Kula conducted
informative and lively sessions from our pulpit during Shabbat morning services and at a study session after lunch.
It was a unifying and enlightening experience for the diverse members of the Jacksonville Jewish community.
The 4th Annual Family University, directed by Pam Maman, offered Solomon Schechter Day School
students and their parents an opportunity tq study together for a one-day curriculum of varied topics.
Rabbi Reuvan Kimelman
The Adult Education Committee with
Shabbaton speaker, Rabbi Reuvan Kimelman.
45
