Ted and Eunice met at the Sunday School assignment
meeting at Rabbi Tofield’s home. Eunice almost didn’t attend.
The Temple synagogue had offered her an attractive teaching
position. Philip Selber, Chairman of the School Committee,
convinced Eunice that her place was at the Center and that
great changes were about to happen with the arrival of the
new Education Director he had just hired.
Eunice stayed on as a teacher at the Center, and in 1948,
accepted not only the Pilton Memorial Cup for having the
outstanding Sunday School class, but also a proposal of
marriage from Ted.
Raising children is never easy. For Ted, it was especially
challenging because he felt in many ways responsible for
each child growing up at the Center. Eunice, a teacher herself,
understood; but for his daughters, it
was sometimes difficult for them to
share their father with all the other
kids. But Ted and Eunice filled their
home with love and the richness of
Jewish living. Over the years, family,
friends and community leaders have
shared wonderful holiday meals with
the Gross Family.
Attention to Details...
By the end of the ‘50s, Mr.
Gross had our educational system in
high gear. Afternoon Hebrew School
met in two groups, Monday &
Wednesday and Tuesday & Thursday. A staff of 20 teachers
and administrators were employed for the 476+ students who
attended Sunday School. Education was so popular there were
even summer sessions.
In the 1959 season, 37 teens were Confirmed. Over 40
children participated in the Kindergarten Graduation, which
was followed by a luncheon for parents and friends. In 1962,
the Center began its Foundation School, the forerunner of
today’s Solomon Schechter Day School. By 1965, there were
evening classes for Hebrew High School, which included a
dinner hour. A Post Bar Mitzvah Torah reading program was
instituted.
The Confirmation Service of 1973 was dedicated to Ted
Gross for his then 24 years as Educational Director. On that
occasion, Philip Selber described Ted Gross in these words:
“He is ‘where the action is’... where the generation gap
not only shows but oft becomes painfully obvious ... It is
against this background that the true value of the dedicated
service of Ted Gross becomes clear, as we recall the unstinting
contributions of his talents and energies ... his unselfish
willingness to labor on a ‘one-to-one’ basis with the individual
student or to meet repeatedly in personal conferences with an
anxious parent ... his intense searching for the elusive key to
the motivation of a drifting student ... his pioneering efforts
in making the ‘art of Torah reading’ a status symbol among
the young ... his tenacious consistency in fighting for
standards in Jewish education against almost insurmountable
lethargy and opposition ... his continuance in the role of
classroom teacher of high school students despite increasing
administrative pressures ... his ever-present optimism in
working for a ‘break through’ with the child whose absenteeism
from school and Sabbath services makes any achievement a
small miracle... his love for intense Jewish living, and his own
personal commitment to Jewish observance, all portray and
exemplify the devotion and dedication with which he meets
the challenge of his role as an educator of the Jews of
tomorrow.
“Perhaps the best indicia of his contributions to the
community can be seen only from the view afforded by the
passing of time — the view of his many former students,
long graduated from school, still returning to our synagogue
and to synagogues elsewhere to read the Torah, of others
who have gone on to higher levels of Jewish education and
of those who have become prominent as laymen and as
professionals in the leadership of our congregation and
congregations elsewhere.”
Those words are as meaningful today as they were then.
With a deep love and devotion to Torah,
Theodore Gross lead our education
department from its early days, through the
building of a modern classroom wing up to
the development of a modern Day School.
Most of our current Center leaders are the
product of the excellent Jewish educational
programs implemented by Ted Gross. Many
more of us have fond memories of our
Hebrew School days and the role Ted
played in them.
Today, Ted is the sage of our Torah
program. For many years, he found readers
for each Torah portion, week in and week
out. He took special care to know and ask each post-Bar/Bat
Mitzvah to read a portion from their own sedra. Recently he
gave up full-time responsibility, but remains the Center’s
revered Baal Koreh.
“He who honors the Torah is honored by mankind.”
— Ethics of the Fathers
On behalf of the congregation, the Center’s Officers
and Board, Staff and Professionals wish Ted, Eunice and their
family a heartfelt mazel tov and yasher koach on this well
deserved honor.
Senator Bob Graham attended Eunice and
Ted’s Passover Sedar in 1990.
The Family Man...
Eunice Davis and Theodore Gross were married at the
Center on June 11,1949. They began a family right away with
the birth of their first
daughter Carol Marie in
1950. Daughter Beverly
Rieka was born in 1953.
Busy as they were
with careers and small
children, Ted and Eunice
made time to continue
their own educations.
They drove to Gainesville
one evening a week to
work on their degrees in
education — Ted’s
Eunice and Ted on their honeymoon. Master’s and Eunice’s
Bachelor’s. Raela Moss
went with them to take courses as well. These “nights out”
included a 30-mile round trip for Ted to get a baby sitter. With
only one class a week, they even drove to Gainesville during
a hurricane. It was worth it though. Ted received his Master of
Education from the University of Florida on June 8,1954.
