Organizations
Center Men’s Club
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is dedicated to the enrichment
of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish Community. It provides an opportunity
for the men of our synagogue to work together supporting, sponsoring and
participating in programs that bring meaning to our youth, companionship to our
elders, and involvement in our Jacksonville Jewish community.
Our Men’s Club is also an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs, an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Through the support of the Federation, we
distribute hundreds of Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles to the families of our congregation, every Yom Hashoah. This
year we will continue the successful “Hearing Men’s Voices” program developed by FJMC - a
series of workshops dedicated to creating a forum for discussion and sharing issues relating to
being a Jewish man in today’s world. These workshops cover family, religion, society and health
in thought provoking and fulfilling agendas led by leading experts and professionals.
We are committed to our Center Youth with programs like the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of
Life) Award that rewards our youth for reading Torah, the Youth Achievement Award for outstanding
Confirmation students and presentation of a book to every Bar and Bat Mitzvah. We also work
closely with Rabbi Dov Kentof to support the Center youth organizations by helping out with
conventions and Religious School programs.
Last year, Men’s Club established the Horty Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund for
deserving children. This fund provides financial aid for children to attend Camp Ramah or other
Jewish enrichment programs. We are proud to honor the memory of Horty Gendzier who was so instrumental in the success
of these programs.
We support the Jacksonville Jewish Federation and Jewish Family and Community Services through tzedakah programs,
and the community at large, by volunteering on Christmas to allow our friends of other faiths to celebrate their holiday with their
families.
We are visible friends of our synagogue as well. Each year we decorate the Center’s Goldman Sukkah. We also sell
sukkah-building kits, and help assemble them for families of our congregation . You can find Men’s Club members at the Lag
B’Omer Picnic every year selling hot dogs and cokes. We maintain a loyal committee of ushers for services for Shabbat and
the High Holidays. Men’s Club members sponsor, lead and participate in
Men’s Club Shabbat and Armed Forces Shabbat and take an active role in
preparing B’nai Mitzvah students of all ages by providing tutors and
sponsoring receptions.
Our New American Adult B’nai Mitzvah program earned our Men’s
Club First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards from the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs in years past. We are currently pursuing new Torch
Awards for community service and other programs.
The Men’s Club is a great way for friends to have fun. Every summer
we unite for the infamous deep-sea fishing trip and take our families with us
to a Lizard Kings hockey game and a Jacksonville Suns baseball game. In the
fall, we “kick off” our new year with a
membership party featuring games of chance
and raffles while we watch a Jacksonville
Jaguars away game on a big screen TV.
All this and more is waiting you if you
are at least 18, male and a member of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Join now, we
need your fellowship.
— Dave
2000-2001 Men’s Club Officers —
President
David Schmerer
Vice President
Mike Herring
Secretary
Phil Pakula
Treasurer
Bruce Glassman
— Board Members -
Dr. Leo Davis
Moti Demri
Dennis Montagna
Stephen Pollan
Jim Richman
Leon Yergin
— Past Presidents -
Ira Grann
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Randall Smith
35
