Special Events
Annual Congregational Meeting & Installation of Officers
On Sunday August 20, the
Setzer Social Hall was
overflowing with congregants
who gathered for one of the
most uplifting Annual Meeting
and Installation programs in the
Center’s history.
Far and away, the most exciting event of
the day was the performance by the Jewish
singing group Visions from Orlando. This
tremendously talented and energetic trio of
beautiful teenage girls enthralled the audience,
young and old alike, with their lively renditions
of familiar Hebrew melodies.Everyone agreed
they were fabulous. Many our teens are fired
up to follow in their footsteps.
Beginning at noon, over
400 members and new comers
enjoyed a delightful, complimentary brunch prepared by Margo’s
Catering and made possible by the generosity of supporters
of the congregation. The entire event committee, Robin
Allerding, Shirley Bielski, Laurie DuBow, Barbara Safer,
Lori Schoettler, as well as Richard Ford and his staff, are to
be commended for providing a
lovely atmosphere and well
orchestrated program.
The business of the day
included inspiring speeches by
Mark Shorstein, outgoing
President, and Michael
Shorstein, incoming President.
Past President Laurie DuBow
conducted a warm, personal
induction of the Officers and
Board of Directors for 2000-
2002. Philip Selber was singled out from a list of past
presidents for filling the office
three times over the past fifty
years.
Past President Marsha
Pollock, event coordinator, was
mistress of ceremonies for a
wonderful program that included
an historic “burning of the
Center’s mortgage.” led by the
DuBow, Selevan and Setzer families. Appreciation was expressed for the devotion
and financial support of all the families that made retirement of our mortgage
possible.
Michael DuBow, Vice President of
Education, showed an amazing publicity video of the
Solomon Schechter Day School that was written and
executed by Nancy Ruben Friedman. Starring in the
film was Day School student Hallie Morris,
daughter of Carol & Joel Morris.
Our sincere thanks go to the
following generous sponsors Of this
outstanding event:
Drs. Dina & Howard Fetner & Family
Dr. Larry & Phyllis Goldberg & Family
Madeline & Stuart Hecht & Family
Risa & Stuart Herman & Family
Carol & Joel Morris & Family
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Wendy & FredPozin & Family
The Shorstein Family
Shorstein & Kelly, P.A.
Minnie Schreiber
Seeman Zimmerman
55
