Administration
Executive Director’s Message
As we enter the New Year
5761, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center is on the verge of attaining
several historic milestones.
Consider the following:
• We have just retired our
mortgage and have pledged
as a congregation to remain
mortgage free.
• We are in the midst of the
Restoration 2000 campaign and project
which will bring the Jacksonville Jewish
Center ’s facilities up to a first class
standard.
• Rabbi David Gaffney who has led our
congregation for the past 29 years will be
retiring and we have embarked on the
awesome challenge of looking for the next
spiritual leader to guide this synagogue
into the new Century.
• We are preparing to celebrate the
Jacksonville Jewish Center’s 100th
birthday in the fall of 2001.
To many congregations, any one of these
milestones would be significant on its own merits.
The fact that we are experiencing these almost
simultaneously is a testament to the character of
our unique synagogue.
These are indeed exciting times. And, while
these milestones point to a historic crossroads in
the life of our congregation, it is the future that is
so bright.
New members are
becoming actively involved,
adding to the fabric and spirit of
our synagogue. Interest from
prospective members is peaking.
As a result, our membership
committee has been expanded to
meet the challenges of a growing
community.
The Center’s commitment
to education has never been
greater. Our schools are thriving
and the synagogue’s Education Committees are
busy planning an exciting future. The Samuel and
Esther Galinsky Educational Endowment
continues to provide state of the art
enhancements, such as a fully equipped Selevan
Computer Lab, which benefits all of our
educational programs.
Fortunately, the Center is blessed with
extraordinary lay leadership and dedicated
professionals. This combination ensures that we
will never rest on our laurels that we will continue
to build for the future. The theme of the new
administration, “Initiative for Excellence”
summarizes this commitment.
Therefore, in this coming year, as we
celebrate our past and give shape to our future,
may we continue with the spirit and determination
that has enabled us to reach so many milestones
and have so much promise for the years to come.
On behalf of Edith, Sam and Max, we wish
you a Happy and Healthy New Year.
— Bruce
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
25
