Scouting
Junior Girl Scout Troop 5
Junior Troop 5 had a great year looking at Planet Earth
in a different way as we worked on the “Sign of the Satellite,”
which teaches about the past and shaping the world of the
future.
On a camping trip to Fort Wilderness in Disney World,
the girls planned and cooked meals, shopped for groceries,
set up tents and enjoyed the Sabbath in a camp setting.
The scouts conducted fascinating interviews with 40
and 60 year olds to learn about inventions that exist today
that did not exist when each was 10 years old.
With a sleepover visit to the Museum of Science and
History, the girls found out about the night sky, ancient
cultures such as the Greek, Norse and American Indian and
learned to read star maps. The Sky Search badge was earned.
We learned about caring for the Earth through two
badges, Ready for Tomorrow and Ecology. There were
discussions about what companies could do to help care for
the Earth. Some suggestions were: not using wasteful
packaging, not polluting water and being energy efficient.
Each girl also learned about careers that affect our
present and future. They had to shadow someone who works
in a government, science, or technological career. We learned
about city planners, systems analysts, and network
administrators.
For our last badge, Celebrating People, we held a party
for the Brownies featuring France and Mexico. With piñatas,
a replica of the Eiffel Tower, music and food, everyone had
a great time learning about other cultures!
At the annual Lake-Man-Jose neighborhood Spring
campout, the troop also earned the Outdoor Creativity badge.
Girl Scouting is also about being good citizens by giving
back to the community. Sixty lunches were packed for Kids
Cafe as part of the first annual Mitzvah Day coordinated by
Shirley Jernigan.
Sarah Hunter, Sarah Pierce, Stephanie Shacter, and
Kelby Siddons were selected for the Gateway Council’s 6th
grade event based on historic St. Augustine in the 1740’s.
They helped sew and embroider authentic outfits, camped and
served as tour guides of the historic district. This is
considered a “wider opportunity” that prepares girls for
broader adventures in Girl Scouting nationally and
internationally!
Thanks to: Janis Fleet for serving as Cookie Mom for
a very successful annual Cookie Sale; to Jill Tager for her
help when we needed it; as well as all the other parents for
their wonderful support of their daughters and Troop 5!
— Helen Shacter and Shirley Jernigan, leaders.
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
On my honor I will try...
• a night canoe trip down the Santa Fe River by moonlight,
avoiding snakes, alligators, and bees’ nests.
• to cook an international meal from start to finish and
learn Ava Axelrod’s chocolate secrets!
to serve God and my country...
• by earning the Menorah award, for Jewish Girl Scouts
• by participating in Gateway Council’s Goodwill Days
clothing drive and a food drive for JFCS.
• by making new educational materials for classes at the
Humane Society.
to help people at all times...
• like bringing cookies to the firemen at Station #5 and
scrubbing a fire truck, participating in Lake-Man Jose
Girl Scout’s Mitzvah Day, entertaining children at the
Leukemia Society of America’s Holiday party.
and to live by the Girl Scout Law...
•camping at Ft. Wilderness, leading services and games.
• inviting Troop 5 bridging Juniors to our meetings as we
learned about careers.
• earning interest patches in Creative Cooking, Pet Care,
Exploring the Net.
• earning Leadership pins for work as CITs, assistant¬
directing plays and tutoring reading.
Many thanks to: Robin Morris for her perseverance
in working with the girls on the Menorah Award. A big Girl
Scout salute (and hugs) to all the parents for supporting Girl
Scout field trips and activities; to the Center for a wonderful
place to meet; and to all those who supported the troop during
the cookie sale.
Jan Lipsky- Leader; Jill Tager- Assistant Leader 1999-2000
For information on Cadette/Senior Girl Scouting
at the Jewish Center for 2000-2001, contact Helen
Shacter at 292-0412 or Girl Scouts of Gateway Council
at 388-4653.
Tami Yergin and her dad, Leon, paddled the Sante Fe River with
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969.
125
