Recreation
Center Day Camp — Making Memories for a Lifetime!
by Alex Whitman, Jr. Counselor
This year’s JJC Summer Camp was a blast!
It seems like the specialty camps have been everywhere and done everything from
riding waves at Surf Camp, to nailing the game winner at Basketball Camp, to taking a trip to
Cape JJC for Rocket Launch. Each week of camp featured a different specialty. They included
basketball, baseball, science, computers and more. “Judaica-on-Wheels” sent cards and
visited local hospitals, performed at Augustine Landing and planted a garden at River
Garden. For Cheerleading Camp, the Roar of the Jacksonville Jaguars cheerleaders teamed
up with our own future stars!
Our 2, 3 and 4 year olds had a great summer with
a wide variety of activities. They went blueberry
picking, took trips to the movie theater, and even visited
a pet store. They had lots of fun in art making snowmen
and beaches, among other projects. In Judaica, these
young campers were delighted with Bible stories about
Joseph and his brothers and David and Goliath.
Splashing at the pool for free swim was everyone’s
favorite.
Camp Yom Tov had a great time as well, going on
field trips to Adventure Landing, Laser Tag and the
Marine Science Center. These campers seem to always
be involved in games - like “Bombardment”, shooting
hoops, launching rockets or trying their luck at cards
with Mike Schultz.
That’s not all! Campers had a fantastic time
horseback riding, at a petting zoo, participating in a
Bike Rodeo, and watching a helicopter land on the
Center’s ball field. The Annual Camp Carnival was a
highlight, and the Talent Show and Raffle was a big success with lots of wonderful prizes.
For fun you won’t want to miss, come to the Center Day Camp next year and have the
summer of a lifetime!
Our thanks to the Day Camp Staff, Counselors, Jr. Counselors and C.I. T’sfor
an outstanding summer program:
Laura Cagan - Camp Yom Tov Director
Dodi Kress - Camp K’ton Director
Robin DeCrispino - CIT Director
Samantha Levine - Waterfront Director
Sharon Seebol, Vicky Finkelstein, Heather Ferman - Arts & Crafts Specialists
Edith Horovitz, Pam Maman, Rebecca Feyerick - Judaica Specialists
Mercedes Phillips - Day Camp Office Manager
/
/
CarveL
✓
Mandarin Outback Plaza
9825-42 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
(904) 268-6354
Lakewood Plaza
1547 University Blvd. W.
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
(904) 636-0280
“Great theatre for kids to take their parents to!”
Super Sunday Series 2000
Florida Theatre—2 p.m.
Charlotte’s Web—October 22,2000
Superfudge — January 21,2001
Garbo Inflatable Theater Company — February 18,2001
Sundiata : The Lion King of Mali — March 25, 2001
Call for Special Savings on Series Tickets
904-353-3500
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
131
