Organizations
Center Sisterhood
— 2000-2002 Officers —
President
Maxine Romo
Education VP
Debbie Banks
Membership VP
Robin Shorstein
Ways & Means VP
Madeline Hecht
Program VP
Joni Shmunes
Torah Fund VP
Gayle Bailys
Youth VP
Robin Allerding
Treasurer
Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary
Elissa Vining
Recording Secretary
Etta Drashin
Corresponding Sec.
Janis Dorman
Parliamentarian
Bonnie Sandler
Budget
Joanne Rosenberg
Nominating Committee
Beth Shorstein
Administrative Asst.
Shirley Bielski
It is with great enthusiasm and expectation that I begin
my first year as president of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Sisterhood. Through programs and projects geared toward
education, social action and religious observance, we will have
the opportunity to expand our knowledge and commitment to
Judaism.
Last year, our educational and religious programs featured
enlightening Sisterhood seminars led by Rabbi Gaffney, our
annual Sisterhood Shabbat and Women’s Minyan, with
participation by our able and talented members, as well as
informative book reviews. We also supported the youth of our
congregation with snacks during the High Holidays, apples and candy for Simchat Torah,
hamantaschen for Purim, and pen pals for college students.
Our financial support for the religious schools was provided through our Youth
Fund/Religious School donation, and with Leagrams for Consecration and Confirmation.
Donations from our fund raising activities provided scholarships to those children attending
Camp Ramah and the US Y on Wheels program. All of these successful projects will continue
throughout the coming year.
Our monthly program meetings were highlighted by a Torah study evening led by
Rebbitzin Karen Goldscheider, a stress management seminar, a new perspective on Hanukah
by Alina Kentof, and a wonderful array of Passover dishes and memories from Margo
Ruby and Shirley Bielski. The Torah Fund luncheon honored our own Barbara Safer, a Vice
President of the International Women’s League board, and an international trainer. Our
Torah Fund campaign last year raised a record amount of funds that were donated to the
Jewish Theological Seminary.
At the annual Women’s League Florida Branch conference in Fort Lauderdale,
Sisterhood was honored with a certificate on the 75th anniversary of our affiliation with
Women’s League. We have two Sisterhood members on the Florida Branch Board, and two
members on the International Board.
Maxine Romo
President
We had a very successful fundraising year with our Rosh Hashanah flower and card
sales, Nachas Taxes and Donor funds. These activities will continue to be a major part of our fundraising efforts. The
Sisterhood Judaica shop ha&.'proven to be an ongoing profitable enterprise, as well as benefiting all members of the congregation
by providing beautiful gift items, educational materials and ritual objects. The highlight of our fundraising activities last year
was the Champagne Brunch and Tour of Homes.
In order to maintain a vibrant and active Sisterhood, we ask all of you to join us in working towards our goal of growth
and commitment to Jewish ideals. Becoming involved is a
wonderful way to renew old friendships and make new ones.
Sisterhood can enrich your life.
Left to right: Phyllis Goldberg, Marsha Pollock, Maxine Romo, Beth
Shorstein and Bonnie Sandler attended the Florida Branch Spring
Convention, May 2000, in Ft. Lauderdale.
The Woman of Valor poem from Proverbs, 31, states,
“Let her works praise her in the gates.” Become, and continue
to be, an active member of Sisterhood. It will be a rewarding
experience for all of us.
Don and I wish you all a Shana Tovah, and a year filled
with peace.
— Maxine
37
