How Young The World Is
A five-year-old boy, riding with his mother,
saw the steel work of a half-finished building
and asked her:
“Mother, is the building going up ...or down?”
To a child the clutter of construction
looks like the debris of destruction.
Clearly, to the precise eyes of childhood
half a building is only half a building.
How, then, can he know
in which direction the building is going?
Looking at the world around us
we are often as confused as the child.
We see a world in which some people want
to tear down what others are building up.
Why is this?
As the world is measured
we are no older than this child.
By the time-scale of the stars
the history of Man is only a few seconds.
In the light of eternity
how young the world is ...
And how unfinished.
Like the child, we need to ask
the direction in which the world is going:
the direction of Man himself.
We were given such a direction
at the beginning of civilization
a guide for us and the world to go forward.
We find this in the Ten Commandments
in the ten “Sayings” given at Sinai
when mankind was very young indeed
“even to us, to all of us, who are alive this day. ” *
They are our guides to maturity.
What, then, is the meaning of
the mistakes we continue to make?
Why is the world Man is building
still so far from the world Man wants?
Is it not because Man is still so young?
We know that a child will run away
from those who love him to get a toy
offered by someone else.
So, often, do we.
Yet we also know that a child
has the capacity to grow, to respond to life
to become increasingly awafe of reality.
So do we.
We know that a child
who does grow into a true adult
is one who has been given loving-guidance:
a direction in life given him by someone out of love.
This is what man has been given
in the Ten Commandments.
Let us measure the meaning of this gift
by looking at just one of the Ten Commandments:
“Thou Shalt Not Covet...”
To understand this Commandment
We must remember that
to covet is the opposite of to share.
When we covet what belongs to someone else
we feel insufficient inside ourselves.
To covet is a poverty of the spirit.
We cannot covet and grow at the same time.
How can we teach ourselves not to covet?
We must discover that each of us
already has far more potential within himself
of growth, of fulfillment, even of greatness
than he has yet developed.
For each of us is “a young world”
reaching to eternity
a world in himself wherein he can find
ever more without any need to covet.
We must also teach ourselves
to share with others our goals and possessions.
For when we share we cannot covet.
And as we give, we become more.
This was given to us at Sinai:
“. . . to all of us who are alive this day. ”
In the light of the Commandments given us
we often behave like children.
*Deutoronomy 5:3
AND me bush rutxn
VMS NOT MPK
CONSUMED ‘73K
To all our friends, a year of peace and good health, and to children everywhere,
we pledge our efforts to improve the world.
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America
The Seminary is the academic and religious center of the worldwide movement of Conservative Judaism.
Believing that its message for the New Year 5761 is of compelling importance, we have arranged for its publication.
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
18
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
