Special School Events
Consecration 5760
February 12,2000
The Aleph classes of Solomon Schechter Day School
and Afternoon Hebrew School celebrated the official
beginning of their religious education with a beautiful
Consecration ceremony during Shabbat services. The students
demonstrated their knowledge and love of Judaism in a lovely
program highlighting the accomplishments of great Jewish
personalities of the 20th Century.
Solomon Schechter Day School Grade 1-A
Mrs. Bonnie Loesser, teacher; Mrs. liana Manasse and Mrs. Robin
Morris, Hebrew teachers. Class in alphabetical order: Erica Cagan,
Briana Finkelstein, Jennifer Gartner, Joshua Goranson, Michael Hall,
Garret Jaffe, Haley Rose Lanigan, Gad Noach Lee, Isaac Asher Pearl,
Rebekah Pollan, Larry Richter, Leah Robbins, Laura Sandler, David
Sherman and Alexandra Silverberg.
SSDS Seventh Grade Graduation
June 6,2000
On Demri, Dana Kresel, Zach Monis, Mathew Shorstein
and Shira Spalter (show left to right) celebrated their
graduation from the Solomon Schechter Day School with a
program honoring the Torah. Each student recounted the
highlights of one of the Five Books of Moses. The graduates
also reflected on their experiences in the Mitzvah Program,
citing Biblical sources for the mitzvot they performed as part
of their school cuniculum.
SSDS Middle School Trip to New York
May 8-11,2000
Sixth and Seventh graders put a new spin on their
American/Jewish experience with a busy three days of tours
that included Ellis Island, the Jewish Heritage Museum and
Central Park. At the Lower Eastside Tenement Museum,
students simulated the immigrant experience. They ate at
kosher restaurants, davened daily, walked through Borough
Park, cheered for the Yankees and absorbed the culture of the
Big Apple.
Consecration 5760
4- Afternoon Hebrew Aleph Class
Mrs. Alina Kentof and Mrs. Carole Goldberg, teachers teachers. Class
in alphabetical order: Daniel Abramson, Lillian Anderson, Alyssa
DeCrispino, Craig Herring, Stephanie Seebol, Danielle Slavin and Emily
Talpalar.
Solomon Schecter Day School Grade 1-B
Mrs. Paula Horn, teacher; Eileen Fischoff, teaching assistant; Mrs.
liana Manasse and Mrs. Robin Morris, Hebrew teachers. Class in
alphabetical order: Samuel Bacaner, Samuel Bernard, Alexandra Block,
Katie Dicker, Max Fleisher, Alec Goldman, Benjamin Hecht, Daya Kedem,
Gina Kluger, Emily Levine, Jean Ann Lipsky, Gabrielle Magid, Sara Plotkin,
Shira Rittenberg, Danielle Rogozinski, Max Rogozinski and Jenna Shuman.
105
