In Honor of Theodore Gross
a living treasure of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
For over 50 years Theodore
Gross has devoted his life to the
religious education of our youth as
Educational Director, teacher and
mentor. Mr. Gross ushered in a
modern era of institutional Jewish
education. In addition, Ted has
personally nurtured a love of Torah
and the faithful reading of our most
sacred texts in hundreds of Bar and
Bat Mitzvahs. Through his efforts,
the Center has a skilled cadre of baal
korim who read Torah on Shabbat
and holidays.
In the Beginning...
Ted was bom to Louis and Liba Gross in Brooklyn, New
York, on June 27,1917. His warm, close-knit family instilled a
love of Judaism and learning in Ted from an early age. He
began elementary school at PS 186, and after three years was
transferred to the Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin, where he studied
until eighth grade. A devoted student, Ted made a 90 minute
trip morning and evening to attend Isaac Elchanan Yeshiva
High School. The ambitious program at the Yeshiva included
Hebrew studies from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., and general studies from
3 to 6 p.m., with public school teachers from Washington
High School Upon graduation, Ted entered Yeshiva College
and later, its Teacher’s Training Institute, from which he
received a Bachelor of Arts in 1940.
As a Young Man...
Ted secured a fine teaching position at the Harrisburg
Community Center School in Pennsylvania, but after only two
years was drafted by the U.S. Army to service in World War II.
His education, however, allowed him to test for the Army
Specialized Training Program. Ted, who had wanted to teach
physics, was delighted to be accepted into the ASTP electrical
engineering course at Carnegie Institute of Technology in
Pittsburgh, PA. Ted sailed through his 3 Vi years of study and
was able to find living accommodations that allowed him to
retain his religious lifestyle. In fact, it was his devotion to
Judaism that kept Ted from becoming a professional electrical
engineer upon completion of his military duty. After graduation
from Carnegie Tech, the Army sent him to the Philippines and
the Japan. There, his commanding officer pointed out to Ted
that electrical engineers worked regularly on Saturday. So,
Ted returned to teaching.
The Educational Professional...
After his honorable discharge from the Army, Ted took
a position in a Hebrew Day School in Johnstown,
Pennsylvania. Hearing of an opening for an Education Director
at a synagogue in Jacksonville, Florida, Ted sent his resume
to the Jewish Theological Seminary.
That summer, Philip Selber, Harry Gendzier and other
delegates from the Jacksonville Jewish Center were scheduled
to attend the 1947 United Synagogue of America Convention
in New York City. The Seminary arranged for them to interview
Theodore Gross for that important staff position. The meeting
went well and Ted was hired on the spot.
In September 1947, Mr. Gross came to Jacksonville
to be the Education Director at the Center, then located in
Springfield. Among his responsibilities were the
administration of the Hebrew School, Sunday School,
Nursery-Kindergarten, Summer Day Camp, and taking
charge of the Youth Activities. He applied progressive,
organizational methods to religions
education programs, and
developed a transportation system
that allowed Jewish children from
all over the city to attend afternoon
Hebrew school and Shabbat
morning services.
In April of 1948, Dr. Azriel
Eisenberg, Director of the
Philadelphia Council on Jewish
Education visited and inspected
our schools. In his report, Dr.
Eisenberg observed, “On the
whole, I was greatly encouraged by
what I saw. You have a fine group
of children who are imbued with a
positive attitude and good self-discipline. You have a good
principal [Ted], who is devoted and capable. . . . You have
unusual opportunities to make the Jacksonville Jewish Center
one of the outstanding schools in the country. You are already
well on the road to achieving this goal.”
Many new programs were begun that year. Increased
interest in Hebrew education enabled the Center to raise the
standards for Bar Mitzvah. In addition, Consecration for First
Grade of the Hebrew School and Kindergarten of the Sunday
School was held for the first time during Shemini Atzeret
evening services. The “Bas” Mitzvah ceremony was
introduced for girls of age 13. The first of many such
ceremonies took place on April 9,1948, when the congregation
hosted the Southeastern Regional United Synagogue
Conference. A champion of superior education for all students,
Ted Gross personally trained girls to become Bat Mitzvah.
The women in our congregation are, today, the beneficiaries
of his encouragement.
It was a hectic period for the new Education Director as
he added staff, supervised curricula and implemented new
programs; but he found time to give special attention to one
Sunday School teacher — Eunice Davis.
The Sunday School staff of 1948
