Building Fund Campaign
yfrottfrOrwiil* y
RESTORATION 2000
a commitment to excellence in the new Century
The goal of the Restoration 2000 project is to bring the facilities of the Jacksonville Jewish Center up
to a first class standard. The Center facility has had tremendous use over the past 25 years, and the wear and
tear is evident. Previous Building Fund campaigns have specially targeted retiring the mortgage. The recent
Centennial Challenge Campaign addressed many of the major repairs and refurbishments that had been
postponed over the years.
With the mortgage retired and the congregation approaching its Centennial in the year 2001, the
opportunity presents itself to restore the most highly visible areas of our facility to reflect the Center’s
commitment to excellence in the next Century.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center provides a forum for a myriad of activities, educational and entertainment
opportunities, congregational and individual lifecycle events, as well as religious serviqes.
For example, in the 1999-2000 season alone, 26 babies had brits or babynamings, 40 children were
Consecrated, 37 students celebrated Bar or Bat Mitzvahs, 17 teens were Confirmed, 10 couples were married
on our pulpit. Furthermore, receptions were held in the Benjamin Setzer Social Hall or the Fletcher-Selber
Auditorium for the hundreds of people who attended these special occasions.
In that same period, over 400 children were educated through the Samuel and Esther Galinsky
Educational Endowment Program which encompasses the Early Childhood and Extended Day Programs, the
Solomon Schechter Day School and Afternoon Hebrew School. Book Fairs, Jewish History Fairs, plays,
programs, talent shows, award ceremonies, assemblies, youth conventions and many more extra curricular
activities were conducted in the various halls and meeting rooms of the Center.
Add to the list the thousands who worship herein the High Holidays, Shabbats and festivals, and
upwards to a thousand who attend Performing Artists concerts.
People have passed through the lobby of the Jacksonville Jewish Center 365 days a year for over 25
years, on their way to some wonderful personal experience. The Restoration 2000 project will create an
atmosphere that will enhance the enjoyment and fond memories of future events for our congregants and
guests.
After careful consideration of several highly recommended design firms, the Restoration 2000 Design
Committee selected Levin/Brown & Associates, Inc., to direct the million+ dollar project. Levin/Brown, a Baltimore-
based firm, has a national reputation for unique synagogue designs and renovations that nourish the ideals of
our Jewish heritage. The principals of the firm are actively involved in synagogue life through their professional
experience and their personal commitment to the development of the Jewish institution. Jay Brown, AIA, is
working directly with our congregation to make enhancements to our building that will provide an upscale
backdrop for the many congregational and private occasions celebrated each year at the Center.
The Restoration 2000 Design Committee is pleased to recognize the following contributors, as of
August 1, 2000:
GRAND PATRONS
The DuBow Family
The Selevan Family
GOLD PATRONS
Deanie and Jay Stein
Arlene and Evan Yegelwel
The Zimmerman Families
SILVER PATRONS
Shirley and Jordan Ansbacher
Ellen and Dr. Barry Setzer
The Shorstein Family
The Wilensky Family
Cathy and Dr. Bruce Yergin
Anita and Jerry Zucker
Debra and Leonard Setzer
Debbie and Mel Gottlieb
Sophie and Dr. Joe Witten
33
