Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
Camp Ramah Palmer and Ramah Darom
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is very fortunate to have a large representation
of youngsters participating in the Camp Ramah programs both in New England
and the new Ramah Darom in Georgia. Ramah, an arm of the Conservative
Movement, offers a wonderful summer opportunity for informal enrichment and
meaningful education.
Attending Camp Ramah Palmer in New England were: Ashley Osterer,
Melissa Osterer, Amy Schuster (not shown) and Hope Axelrod.
Attending Ramah Darom in Georgia were: Josh Appelbaum, Geri Bernard,
Jon Bernhardt, Susan Bernhardt, Aaron Blankstein, Sarah Blankstein, Sasha
Bloom, Robyn Blum, Leah Dubin, Jonathan Heller, Max Horovitz, Alison
Jernigan, Anne Levenson, Brian Levenson, Eric Levenson, Emma Lipsky,
Faye Maiman, Neil Maiman, Lauren Margol, Dena Mizrahi, Jonathan
Mizrahi, Lindsay Morris, Zach Morris, Louis Richman, Sara Richman, Ben
Rogozinski, Jessica Rogozinski, Josh Rogozinski, Laura Rogozinski, Adam
Rosner, Manny Sail, Benay Shorstein, Benjamin Shorstein, Jennifer
Shorstein, Mathew Shorstein, Sam Warfield and Ben Whitman.
Our thanks to the families and organizations which provide incentive
scholarships to our summer programs: Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot
Youth Fund, Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, Robert Gordon Scholarship
Fund, Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program/ Jacksonville Jewish Federation,
Jacksonville Jewish Center Israel Fund, Center Youth Department, Center
Men’s Club, Center Sisterhood and Jewish Family and Community Services
Allison Zisser and Sara Mizrahi met the
tour together.
USY Israel/Poland Pilgrimage and
Ramah in Israel
This is a unique opportunity for
young people ages 15 to 18 to visit
Israel. Based in Jerusalem each of our
groups travels the country experiencing
their Jewish heritage. In addition to
spending a delightful summer with their
Israeli counterparts, our “pilgrims”
also develop lifelong friendships with
their traveling companions from the
United States and Canada. An additional
tour of Poland gives a deeper
understanding of the Holocaust. Center
USYers who went on Pilgrimage were
Justin Axelrod, Lauren Bloom,
Crista Cohen, Sam Horovitz, Sara
Mizrahi, Sean Pozin and Allison
Zisser.
Leadership Training Institute
Summer Encampment 2000
Summers are topped off with a
unique one-week experience held each
August. Teenagers participate in
programs that include informal classes
and discussion groups, cultural
activities and special evening activities
in addition to a full range of camp
sports and social activities. This year
Rachel Rosner attended LTI.
U.S.Y. on Wheels
This fine program gives teenagers an opportunity to travel
around the United States seeing landmarks, historical sites and
National parks. In addition they meet Jewish youth in the cities in
which they stay. This year Laney Cohen, Michael Demri, Debra
Dorman, Steven Frisch, Cara Goldberg, Avi Richman, Rebecca
Shorstein and Phil Watkins joined other U.S.Y.ers on Wheels.
Shayna Weiss went on a special volunteer program, USY on Wheels/
Mission Mitzvah.
119
