Community Organizations
Hadassah
National Council of Jewish Women
“Hadassah has always been an important bridge to
peace. By treating all people without regard to nationality or
religion—Hadassah has shown the world what peace in the
Middle East will look like.” -Yitzchak Rabin, Jerusalem, 1994.
Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity
— we must actively pursue righteousness and justice at home,
in the, community, and in the world. In this tradition, Hadassah
was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold to bring public health
services to pre-state Israel. Today, more than 300,000
American women support our network of Israel projects in
addition to our volunteer work at home. Across the US,
Hadassah promotes health education, community service, and
Jewish education and research. Hadassah advocates on
issues ranging from Israel-US relations to First Amendment
protections to women’s rights and health concerns.
One by one, we must each take responsibility for
transforming hopes, promises, and echoes into deeds.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites your participation in one of
our five groups: Hannah Senesch, Shir Li, Tikva, Nurse’s &
HCP Council and Yamit.
For information please contact any of our presidents:
Chapter
Hannah Senesch
Nurses & HCP Council
Shir Li
Tikva
Yamit
Janis Dorman
Leah Solomon
Shoshana Hass
& Deborah Carter
Shari Gottlieb
JoanWaitz
Judy Elikan
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah Board:
Education VP Helen DuBow
Jodie Leach
Fundraising VP Robin Allerding
Treasurer Ellen Rosner
Membership VP Pearl Marton
Records Charlotte Fialkow
Corresponding Sec. Stella Finck
Recording Sec. Joanne Rosenberg
American Affairs MarjieRogozinski
Zionist Affairs Rhoda Fleisher
Public Relations Stacey Goldring
Wills & Bequests Wendy Honigman
JNF Trees Rubye Safer
Young Judaea Eta Perras
Hadassah Assocs. Evelyn Moskovitz
Youth Aliy ah Wendy Talpalar
Dollar Power Store Rhoda Kagan
Bulletin Editor Marcy Souza
Bulletin Circ. Cynthia Goldring
Nominating Comm. Robin Morris
Phyllis Goldberg
The National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW) is a
volunteer organization, inspired by Jewish values, that works
through a program of research, education, advocacy, and
community service to improve the quality of life for women,
children and families, and strives to ensure individual rights
and freedoms for all.
The Jacksonville section of NCJW was established in
1939, and is currently involved in such programs as:
1. Organizing forums for candidates for local offices to
present their views to the Jewish community;
2. Bringing kosher meals, as well as a caring word, to
homebound Jewish people;
3. Organizing advocacy on state and federal issues
involving woman, children and families;
4. Providing a Hanukkah celebration at Wolfson’s Children’s
Hospital, bringing entertainment and gifts to patients;
5. Registering voters as part of a national “Promote the
Vote” campaign;
6. Providing entertainment and refreshments to Mt.
Carmel residents;
7. Participating in Israeli society through a variety of
education-oriented projects;
8. Recognizing women who have made great contributions
to our community, through our annual Women in Power
Luncheon;^
9. Continued support of programs which we helped start, and
which now function independently, such as Guardian Ad Litem,
Home Instruction Program for Preschool Youngsters and PACE.
For information, contact Gloria Einstein or
the NCJW Message Line — 443-2820
2000-2002 NCJW Officers
President
VP Administration
VP Community Service
VP Membership
VP Programming
Treasurer
Communications Coordinator
Membership Records Coordinator
Social Secretary
Bulletin Editor
Gloria Einstein
Dr. Dene Levenson
Debbie Banks
Rhoda Goldstein
Leslie Kirkwood
Kathy Cohen
Janice Meisel
Cheryl Blum
Dr. Dina Fetner
Susan Edelman
Alexandra’s
MW Electrolysis
oC ^hanaL ^ouah.
Vjjjr studio
ALEXANDRA ST0LYARSKY
lÁJiáhin^ t^ou and IJourá
Licensed Electrologist
sterile instruments, disposable needles
^Jdappy ^Jdeaitluj r/eu/ tjear.
Sunbeam Professional Center
3948 Sunbeam Road, Ste 5
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Jeff, Melinda and Bear
(904) 292-2400
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
223
