President’s Message
As the newly installed President of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center, there are
no words to describe my excitement for
the coming year. We are facing many
challenges on the horizon, including the
beginning of an extensive and arduous
search for new Rabbinical leadership; the
implementation of our Restoration 2000
project; and the continued development and
growth of our outstanding Galinsky
Educational Programs - just to name a few!
Michael Shorstein
President
Perhaps you enjoy outdoor,
recreational excursions - become a
member of our Summer Recreation
Program! Go white water rafting with
Rabbi Kentof, fishing with the Men’s
Club, or participate in our JJC Golf
Classic.
Anywhere your interests may lie,
there are exciting opportunities waiting for
you!
My objective as president is to ensure that in all the
transitions and changes we make, we will strive for
excellence. This “Initiative for Excellence” needs to touch
all aspects of our lives at the Center - from our Galinsky
Educational Programs, Religious experiences and
Congregational Programming, to our leadership, staff and
membership participation.
We need to work together in this journey for
excellence, because it is only through teamwork, joint
effort and common goals that it is attainable. Join and
participate in one of our many committees dedicated to
planning and providing creative programming for all
aspects of the Center.
If your interests lean toward adult-oriented activities,
join our Sisterhood or Men’s Club, take an adult education
class, attend our Shabbaton or one of our Performing
Artist’s Series shows. They are yours, just for the taking.
If you are interested in the continued growth of the
Center, check out our newly redesigned Membership
committee and sub-committees.
We must remember that the true reason we work
so diligently is to instill enthusiasm in the youth of our
congregation. Our youth are the future of our synagogue
and of our community. We must set an example for
them. How we focus on our Jewish heritage, community
and responsibilities will teach them that the Center, and
this community, are their future!
I invite you to join us as we embark on our journey,
into the second centennial of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center.
On a more personal level, I would like to thank
Rabbi Gaffney for his 29 years of leadership, guidance
and commitment to our synagogue. I have shared so many
life cycle events with both the Rabbi and Inge; their
friendship and devotion will always be remembered and
cherished.
On behalf of Robin, Mathew, Benay and myself,
L’Shana Tova from my family to yours!
— Michael
Berman Bros., Inc.
Best Wishes for a
J
Happy and Healthy New Year
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
Edward, Millie,
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
f Millie K. Tannen, d.d.s.
Phone 353-3694
3810-5 Williamsburg Park Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
(904) 733-3360
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
27
