Organizations
Center Choral Society
2000 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Pollie Copans, Organizing Secretary
Stevie Levine, Music Coordinator
Members: Raymond Cohen, Pollie
Copans, Karen Dubin, Margaret
Fleet, Lois Gosa, Debbie Kaye, Henry
Lasris, Stevie Levine, William
McLaughlin, Judy Geller Nevel,
Philip Pakula, David Organes, Peggy
Organes, Rachel Organes, Natalie
Sandler, David Schmerer, Beth
Shorstein, Anita Solomon, Steve
Solomon and Rebecca Zapin.
For over 53 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing services
on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical music. Over
the years they have given numerous concerts featuring members of the
choir as well as nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current
members have been singing with this group for twenty years or more.
New members are always welcome. Call Pollie Copans, 731-5980.
Center Havurot
A Havurah is a small group of congregation members
(families, couples, singles) who meet regularly for activities or
experiences of their mutual choosing. The groups are varied but
all gather together to enjoy life as Jews through socializing,
education, discussion of Jewish issues, worship or sharing of
Jewish holidays and lifecycle celebrations.
A Havurah provides an extended family for those who have
relocated to Jacksonville, as well as a supportive group of friends
for those whose family composition has changed.
There are currently five Havurot associated with our
synagogue. The oldest group formed in 1974 and is still meeting.
Others boast that members who have moved away still come back
to Jacksonville for holidays and simchas.
If you would like to become part of a Havurah, call Stella
Finck, 292-0914, or the Center office, 292-1000.
Children in their “Havurah” tee shirts gathered on Sukkot at the home
of Barbara and Eliot Safer, in 1988. They still do!
Jewish Singles
Another year of activities has passed for the Jewish singles of Jacksonville. Dinner continues to be a favorite pastime,
but brunch, holiday parties and a few day trips have also been scheduled. Touring the San Sebastian Winery was a highlight of
the past year’s activities.
Singles get-togethers are great for forming friendships, networking and romance. This past year, at least four couples
met and three weddings are already scheduled.
Calendars of events are mailed several times a year, and e-mail has proven to be helpful in keeping in touch as well.
This group is open to any Jewish single, age 24ish to 45ish, in the Jacksonville area. For more information, or to be put
on the mailing list, call Rhoda at the Center office, 292- 1000.
39
