A Message from Rabbi Gaffney
A Resume for the Soul
One of the effects which the
yamim mora ’im - the Days of Awe have
upon the mind of the Jew is the acute
awareness of the passing of time. We
look back and comment on how quickly
the old year has passed and we
contemplate, sometimes anxiously, the
year which lies ahead. In our prayers
we ask to be inscribed in God’s book
for a good life. We Jews take the
passage of time very seriously. We
invoke the name of God when we recite
the blessing of Shehicheyanu, —
“...Who has kept us in life and enabled
us to celebrate this moment in time.”
We read with the psalmist every Shabbat
-“so teach us to number our days that
we may get us a heart of wisdom.”
Abraham Joshua Heschel, one of our
most profound thinkers, has described
the importance of celebrating Shabbat
and holidays by suggesting that Jews
never build shrines in space ...rather they
fashioned sanctuaries in time.
We mark the passages of time, the
transition of the year 5760 to 5761 by
suggesting that it be accompanied by a
sober assessment of how we are
spending our time...by heshbon
ha’nefesh, by reflecting and
contemplating our spiritual journey
...literally, by an “accounting of the
soul”. The passage of time, in a word,
elicits sobriety and solemnity. Time is
after all our most priceless possession.
This year, especially, I am
prompted to such personal
considerations. After almost thirty
years I will be welcoming, dear friends,
along with you a successor who will
hopefully serve the Jacksonville Jewish
Center with as much satisfaction with
which I have served over these many
years. It is a time for transition, dear
friends, for me and for you.
I remember still the résumé that I
forwarded to leaders of the
congregation in May of 1972. It
detailed the formalities that are typical
in résumés in any profession. I listed
the schools I attended, where I received
my rabbinical degree, the colleges and
university in which I earned my
bachelors and masters degree, the
academic honors that I received and the
professional organizations with which
I was associated.
Rabbi David and Inge Gaffney
This résumé did not convey, as no
résumé could, the essence of my life.
Let me explain. When I meet with a
family to discuss the celebration of a
bar or bat mitzvah my concern is not
only the number of Torah honors that
will be distributed; the number of verses
the young celebrant will chant or what
the theme of the bar mitzvah party is. I
want to know something about the life
of the young man or woman. Is he or
she aware of the magnitude and
importance of this rite of passage? Does
the bar mitzvah know that all of Jewish
history is attending his celebration?
And what about the personal life of the
bat mitzvah? What is important to her
and what gives her life meaning?
When I attempt to help a family
to cope with the passing of a loved one
as we discuss funeral arrangements I try
to evoke something that goes beyond
information found in the obituary
column. I attempt to ascertain more
than the years that their loved one lived
or the names of the organizations to
which they belonged. My hope is to
elicit the essence of a person’s life, to
speak about their relationships and to
discuss their feelings. I want the
résumé, as it were, but I hope for so
much more.
The résumé I submitted some
thirty years ago is much simpler than
the heshbon ha’nefesh...the accounting
of a rabbinic soul which I might compile
after thirty years. This résumé is much
more nuanced; much more complicated
than the résumé I submitted upon my
arrival. Have I touched someone’s soul?
Have I inspired someone to lead a more
meaningful Jewish life? Have I changed
someone’s heart or someone’s outlook
with a sermon? Did I provide some
insight with an interpretation of some
classic Jewish text? Has someone in a
class looked at things differently
because of the time we spent together?
Have I been faithful to God? Persistent
in my belief and faithful in my devotion?
Did I make a difference in someone’s
life? Did I help someone in a moment
of need? Did I induce real inner joy at a
simcha? Did I comfort a family in their
moment of grief?
These issues, dear friends, do not
appear in a résumé but are at the heart
of my heshbon ha’nefesh...iht
accounting of my soul. I have to date
not counted the number of baby namings
and b’nai mitzvah, weddings or funerals
at which I officiated. I have not taken a
sum total of the hours that I have spent
in preparing for classes or for sermons.
I suppose I could write a resume of this
sort of the last thirty years and provide
the data ...but this exercise could never
account for the really important issues
of my rabbinic life.
And then, dear friends, how about
you? We all write our own heshbon
ha’nefesh, our own résumé at different
and critical moments of our life. This
Rosh Hashanah should prompt you to
considerations of your own. What kind
of a husband have I been? Wife?
Parent? Child? Was I a sensitive
person? Did I give tzedakah? Did I care
about someone other than myself? How
did I answer the important questions of
life...not what I gained, but what I
gave...not what my station is, but what
have I become? The statistics say ...I
am a Jew -that is just data. More
important, what kind of a Jew have I
become and what have I done for the
Jewish people.
Make up your own résumé during
this season of transitions since for all
of us this is a time for heshbon
ha’nefesh—for reviewing the résumé
of our soul. It is perhaps the most
important endeavor we might undertake
-for me and for you.
Inge and I wish you and yours a
most meaningful Yom Tov. May the new
year bring all of us health, happiness,
fulfillment and peace. Amen
19
