The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Religious Schools
Sunday School
The SUNDAY SCHOOL of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is
planned expressly for children in kindergarten, first and second grades.
A weekly, two-hour program gives each child the opportunity to
experience the richness of his/her Jewish heritage through song,
dance, role playing, cooking, short stories, games, arts and crafts.
Emphasis is placed on the holidays and festivals. Jewish values and
mitzvot are encouraged. Many thanks to our wonderful Sunday
School teachers Susan Kadish and Susan Neadle.
Students included Sarah Abramson, Cory Brenenson, Rachel
Cain, Lauren Greenspan, Madison Kress, Sarah Neadle, Alex Nield,
Jenny Nield, Benjamin Peltz, Rebecca Peltz, Joshua Peretzman, Ariella
Phillips, Harrison Safer and Daniel Udell.
Purim at Sunday School.
Religious Schools PTA
Youth Congregations
We are looking forward to another exciting year with
our Afternoon Hebrew, Sunday School and Beit Midrash
classes.
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Meets Saturdays, lla.m.-Noon
Our younger students seem to become more involved
each year wjth our Jewish Holidays. They love performing in
programs for Passover and Purim. Our older students are
becoming serious, committed Jews.
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
Meets Saturdays, 10:45 a.m.-Noon
Saturday morning classes are taught before services
by Wendy Brezin, Suzy Kadish, Alina Kentof and
Susan Neadle.
Parental involvement is so very important in a child’s
religious education. Volunteers are always needed, and we
believe your children benefit from seeing you helping out.
Please feel free to volunteer whenever you are able, showing
your support for our programs.
Wishing you a wonderful and healthy New Year!
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
Meets Saturdays, 11 a.m.-Noon
— Cathy and Ava
Cathy Wilensky and Ava Axelrod
PTA Presidents
At left: Religious School teachers and school volunteers:
(L-R) Front row - Mazal Spalter, Melissa Neadle, Ava Axelrod,
Cantor Aron Heller, Edith Horovitz, Rabbi Dov Kentof, Cathy
Wilensky. Center row - Kelly Waeltz, Cindy, Marsh, Susan
Neadle, Dana Kresel, Wendy Brezin, Suzy Kadish. Back row -
Beverly Geller, Kate Robbins and Scott Zimmerman.
107
