Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 enjoyed a great
year! We broke records by going on three
camp outs with great participation from our
Pack Family. Pack 14 was seen camping at
the Suwannee River, the Olustee Battlefield
Reenactment and right in our own back yard
at the Center.
We congratulate our WeBeLos who
moved up to the Boy Scout Troop 14.
Among our activities, the annual
Pinewood Derby drew our Pack’s families
together for a morning of racing competition and family fun
at River Garden. Our dens also learned about nature, safety,
community and Judaism.
We are proud of our new den, the Tiger Cubs. A big
Scout salute to the first-grade Tiger Cub Program, now in
its second year at the Center. Tiger Cubs is geared towards
boys in the first grade, whereas traditional Cub Scouting
begins in the second grade.
We extend our sincerest thanks
to Cubmaster Jim Richman, as he
retires as leader of Pack 14 for eight
years! He has lead a proud pack, one of
the oldest in Florida! We welcome
Bruce Goldring, our new Cubmaster,
and look forward to more great
experiences under his leadership.
We also thank Stacy Epstein who
has been involved in den leadership for
six years, one of which she volunteered
as den leader for both of her sons’ dens. We are grateful to
our den leaders: Stacy Epstein; Kim Gartner; Jeri
Schwartz and Elissa Vining and all our volunteer parents who
have committed their valuable time to our children, the Cub
Scouts of Mighty Mighty Pack 14!
For more information on Cub Scouting, call any of our
den leaders, or Cubmaster, Bruce Goldring at 739-2970.
Cubmasters Bruce Goldring and Jim
Richman
Right:
Max Goldstein at
the Blue & Gold
Banquet.
Tiger Cubs — 1st Grade
Alphabetical order: Sam Bacaner, Josh
Goranson, Michael Hall, Benjamin Hecht,
Gad Lee, Isaac Pearl, Larry Richter and
Max Rogozinski.
Cobras Den — 2nd grade
(L to R) Front: Ben Gatewood, Aaron Stark,
Jacob Wolfson, Bradley Goldring. Back:
Adam Schwartz, Max Goldstein, Jonathan
Edelman, Jen Schwartz - Den Leader.
Left:
Gate Rosner *s
“Best Decorated
Car” at the
Pinewood Derby.
Panthers Den — 3rd grade
(L to R) Front: Brandon Epstein, Charlie Raitt,
Michael Appelbaum, Eric Levenson. Back:
Michael Epstein, Jordan Koslowski, Richie
Bailys, Manny Shapiro, Michael Cagan,
Matthew Kingson, Austin Gartner, Gabe
Rosner, Kim Gartner and Stacy Epstein - Den
Leaders.
Weblos Den — 4th grade
(L to R) Front: Eddie Norton, Zach Schemer,
Paul Sandler, Jordan Kress. Back: Andrew
Vining - Den Chief, Kyle Vining, Adam
Friedman, Kyle Solloway, Mathew Glassman,
Elissa Vining - Den leader. Not shown: Stefan
Mychych.
Flying Eagles Weblos — 5th grade
(R to L) Jonathan Sandler, Louis Richman,
Amie Silverberg, Benjamin Shorstein, Josh
Pozin, Sam Schwartz, Jim Richman, Den
Leader and Cubmaster of Pack 14
127
