Solomon Schechter Day School
Day School/PreSchool PTA
i- 2000-2001 Officers -i
President
Meryl Rittenberg
Fundraising VP
Suzanne Weiss
Membership VP
Jeanine Rogozinski
Programming VP
Kim Schemer
Secretary
Helen DuBow
Treasurer
Sue Levine
Pre-School Liaison
Debbie Ring
The parents, teachers and administrators of the Solomon Schechter Day School and Pro¬
school work together to enhance the close knit nature of our schools, raise most needed funds
for school projects, and enlist the help of parent volunteers for a variety of programs. These
programs are made possible through our fundraising projects such as magazine sale, book fair,
and Passover candy sales. Active membership allows many opportunities to make a lasting
contribution to the students and the school, as well as developing long lasting relationships
with other parents and members of the Schechter family. Our volunteers are truly dedicated to
the children in providing quality programs throughout the year.
This past year, PTA provided the schools with lab equipment for the newly adopted
science program for grades one through seven, as well as educational computer programs,
library books, video catalog note cards, music books and supplies for the Day School. For the
Preschool, we furnished special area rugs to brighten the classrooms, safety I.D. wristbands
for field trips, a six-seat baby buggy and much more.
Some of the educational and enrichment programs we provide are: Holiday observances
such as Shabbat boxes, weekly Challah orders, helping with the celebration of Rosh Hashanah,
Chanukah, Purim and Passover model Seders; Kaleidoscope Cultural Arts Day; Red Ribbon
Week for drug awareness; Vision Screening; Library Assistants; Picture Lady and Mystery
Reader; introducing art appreciation and storytelling programs for Pre-kindergarten,
Kindergarten and First Grade.
We appreciate your commitment to the PTA. Whether you volunteer your time or give your financial support, the result is
always a successful educational experience for our children.
L’ShanaTovah,
—Meryl Rittenberg
1999-2000 Solomon Schechter Day School Teachers and Staff
100
