Special Events
Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival
of Sukkot. Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On
Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin
anew. An ancient tradition evolved of honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last
reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In our synagogue tradition, we
also honor the contributions made by a “Woman of Valor”.
Philip Bloom Michael Shorstein Bonnie Sandler
Hatan Torah Hatan Bereshit Woman of Valor
Philip is a man of
few words, but of
many virtues.
Concern for others,
strong ethical and
family value, the
importance of
Jewish education
and tzedakah, are
principles that our Hatan Torah has put
into action for the betterment of our
congregation. During the threat of
Hurricane Floyd, while others attended
to personal preparations, Philip was at
the Center making sure the Torahs were
secure. He is a regular at the morning
minyans and Rabbi Gaffney’s Sunday
morning Talmud class.
Philip has served on the Board of
Directors for three years in the capacity
of chairman of the House Committee.
Currently he is an Executive Board
member and also serves on the Finance
Committee. As house committee
chairman, Philip spearheaded the efforts
of the 2001 Centennial Challenge
Campaign, which provided handicapped
access to the bima, major kitchen
renovations, a refurbished pool and
recreation park, new air conditioning
and rest rooms for our schools and a new
energy management system to govern
our facility. Under his direction, a new,
sophisticated security system was
installed.
Philip is a successful building
contractor whose expertise is vital to the
new Restoration 2000 Project.
His talent, creativity and
dedication have been of great value to
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It is with
much appreciation that the Jacksonville
Jewish Center honored Philip Bloom as
Hatan Torah.
Mazel Tov to him, his wife Linda,
daughters, Lauren and Sasha and family
and friends who shared in this special
honor.
Michael epitomizes
the talented “ home
grown” leaders who
devote their time
and energy to the
Center. It is a
family legacy. His
father, Jack and
brother, Mark, both
served as the synagogue’s president.
Now, Michael is our newest president.
Growing up, Michael attended
Solomon Schechter Day School and was
active in Jewish youth groups at the Center.
He has a degree in accounting from the
University of Florida and his law degree
from Florida State. Michael is also a CPA.
Michael served as Firfct Vice-
President and chairman of the Center’s
Finance Committee, a member of the
Board and Executive Committee and
played a major role in fundraising and
educational efforts, such as the new JJC
Golf Classic.
When called upon to take on many of
the synagogue’s more demanding issues,
Michael handled the responsibilities with his
own unique style of humor and
determination. Through his leadership, the
Finance committee worked diligently to
improve the synagogue’s financial situation,
resulting in the retirement of the Center’s
mortgage this year.
Michael is also very active in the
community. As an attorney specializing
in adoption law, he works closely with
JFCS and volunteers countless hours of
free consultation in the area of family
adoption. Michael has also recently
served as chairman of the Judicial
Nominating Commission of the Fourth
Judicial Circuit. As with so many other
“Center trained” volunteers, Michael is
frequently called upon to daven at
religious services.
Michael shared this honor with his
wife Robin, and children, Mathew and
Benay.
Bonnie truly fits
the description of a
Woman of Valor.
She has a warm,
winning smile, and
a sweet gentle
nature that endears
her to everyone she
meets. She is a soft-
spoken leader who attracts and inspires
others to join in her worthy endeavors.
She is clever and intelligent, but modest
about her accomplishments. She is a
devoted wife, mother, daughter, vital
synagogue leader, respected teacher and
a caring community member.
Shortly after moving here from New
York, Bonnie and husband Neil became
co-presidents of the Center’s newly
formed young couples club and were
soon helping newer members to establish
Jewish roots and new friendships at the
Center. With a degree in Math Education
from Brooklyn College, Bonnie began
tutoring children in her home, which
enabled her to volunteer at the
synagogue and in the community.
Over the years, Bonnie held
numerous positions in the Center
Sisterhood. She served as president from
1996-1998, presided as hostess of Spring
Branch Conference, and is currently area
coordinator for Florida Branch of
Women’s League for Conservative
Judaism. In addition, Bonnie has been a
long time member of Hadassah and
National Council of Jewish Women.
An active Center Board member
for over 20 years, Bonnie served on the
Education and Membership committees,
and was Membership co-chair for several
terms. She prides herself on continuing
her own Jewish education as a member
of the Sisterhood B’nai Mitzvah Class of
1990.
Bonnie shared this simcha with her
husband, Neil, children, Scott, Laurie and
Paul.
47
