Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the
friendly volunteers who give of their time
to perform the mitzvah of welcoming
people to service/S with a friendly
“Shabbat Shalom”. Greeting is a good
way to introduce yourself to people and
make newcomers and visitors feel
welcome. We thank Martha for her
dedication to the Center and to all of the people who volunteered to greet over the
past year. Anyone interested in joining the Shabbat Greeters, please call Martha,
733-4668.
Thank you to those who were greeters in the 1999-2000 season Tootsie Backer,
Alison Bailys, Gayle Bailys, Sue Ann Blumental, Archie Boatwright, Naomie Bossen,
Dorothy Cohen, Kathy & Allan Cohen, Anita Dittman, Holly & Mark Ernas, Clara
Jaffe, Beth Fleet, Marilyn Garber, Beverly Geller, Jan Glassman, Phyllis & Larry
Goldberg, Rose Goldberg, Cynthia Goldring, Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein, Jane Grann,
May Grann, Lynette Heller, Harriett & Sheldon Kaplan, Marilyn Kauss, Debbie
Banks & Garry Kitay, Iris & Mark Kraemer, Carolyn Krestul, llene & Jeff
Levenson, Lynn Maiman, Pearl Marton, Marilyn Mass, Evelyn & Lew Meisel,
Nancy & Sara Mizrahi, Barbara & Phil Pakula, Wendy & Fred Pozin, Rochelle &
Sol Proctor, Peggy & Ken Organes, Joanne & Sandy Rosenberg, Ellen & George
Rubens, Barbara & Eliot Safer, Rubye Safer, Shirley Schinasi, Ann Silke, Blanche
Slott, Renee Soforenko, Leah & Iris Solomon, Sherry & Craig Sommers, Bea &
Marvin Sherman, Danny & Cathy Wilensky, Katie & Paul Yarish.
Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center
Minnie Schreiber and May Goldie Stillman, Chairs
Did you know that you can enjoy the Forward newspaper or Moment Magazine
right in the Center library? Current journals and magazines are available in the quiet,
comfortable setting of the Tofield Reading Room of the Henry Kramer Library. The
collection of Judaica contains reference books on the Bible, prayer, customs and
rituals, art, history and the Holocaust. The Steinsaltz Talmud in Hebrew and English
is available, and reference materials are accessible for study assignments. There are
books on philosophy, Israel, music and cooking. You will find popular novels, poetry
and books of Jewish humor.
Visit the Henry Kramer Library on Sundays 9:00 to noon. It’s your library.
Shabbat Torah Readers
Ted Gross, Coordinator
Half a century seems like a very
long time to achieve a goal for the
special activities in which I have
participated; but, when it comes to the
word of God, there is no limitation
imposed.
Of all the outstanding areas in
which the Jacksonville Jewish Center
has excelled, it seems that we have been
most fortunate in being favored with
people who have made their talents
meaningful to the congregation and a
source of recognition and pride
throughout the Southeast. The numbers
of students and lay people who can be
depended upon to read Torah, even on
short notice, would be very hard to
match by other synagogues. This is a
reflection of three things: skilled reading
ability, mastery of the trope and the
dedication of our readers. I am very
proud to be associated with the Torah
reading program, which continues to keep
the Center on a high level. The knowledge,
commitment and encouragement of
synagogue leaders will ensure that this
high quality will be maintained in the
future. Mazel tov to all of you,
readers and teachers. You have
discovered a treasure, and give us all
nachas when you share it with us.
- Library Committee -
Administrative Assistant:
Elaine Furman
Members:
Blanche Slott
Roselyn Selber
Svetlana Goldiner
Myer Cohen
Jack Dreher
Staff Assistants:
Vicky Goldiner
Rachel Organes
43
