Cantor Heller’s Message
It is at this time, Rosh Hashanah
and Yom Kippur, the Yamim Noraim,
the Days of Awe, that we stand before
God to evaluate our spiritual standings.
The Prophet Micah who said, “Do
justly, love mercy and walk humbly with
God” brings us to the realization that
God needs us as much as we need him.
Working together in the spirit of
tikkun olam, we shape the world into
a better place.
Our evaluations might allude to the
frequency of our service attendance, to
the status of our kashrut both in and out the home, how
to make the Shabbat a greater spiritual experience, and
to using the education facilities to advance our
understanding of what God has prescribed to us in his
“Mitzvah Manual.” Our Rabbis remind us that Hashem
brings His presence into our Synagogues and each home
to receive our prayers and praises thorough his mitzvot.
His mission is to reward us with chayim tovim - a good
life - central to our High Holiday prayers.
Our Jewish tradition gives us little*opportunity to
become complacent or to rest on our past achievements.
We are constantly reminded that the
time is short, and the tasks are many.
The Eitz ha Da’tat - Tree of
Knowledge of the Torah - is in full
bloom. It is our challenge to partake
of its fruit, as teachers or pupils.
So, planning for the year ahead,
I look to focus on creating greater
opportunities for the Solomon
Schechter Day School Chorus to
participate in congregational and
community events. The B’nai
Mitzvah programing remains a high
priority, as well as a constant source of joy and delight.
With a number of musical events in the planning stages,
the coming year looks extremely exciting and challenging.
It is thus that I, together with Lynette and my entire
family, anticipate an exciting New Year. Wishing you -
the members, leadership and professionals and all those
associated witn this Khilat haKodesh, Holy Congregation,
a year of peace, health and tranquility.
In honor of the dedication of this Yearbook to Ted
Gross, I would like to wish him, his wife Eunice and their
entire family good health and happiness. His indelible
contribution to this congregation and his warm personality
make me feel fortunate to know him.
Shanah Tovah u’metukah, a year of sweetness.
— Cantor Heller
Cantor Aron Heller
23
