Committees
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish when
you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe the captains not
only our thanks, but also our participation, in order to
continue providing a minyan for each service. Please call
any minyan captain and become a “regular” for at least one
minyan a week.
Monday a.m.
Monday p.m.
Raymond Cohen, Harry Shmunes
Billy Wilensky
Tuesday a.m.
Tuesday p.m.
Jack Mizrahi
Jack Bettman
Wednesday a m.
Wednesday p.m.
Joe Shacter
Jack Silverman
Thursday a.m.
Thursday p.m.
Seeman Zimmerman
Fred Kupperman
Friday a.m.
Friday p.m.
Leon Yergin
Philip Selber
Saturday p.m.
David Schemerer
Sunday a.m.
Sunday p.m.
Philip Selber
Evan Yegelwel, Bill Zoske
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
Every Shabbat and holidays these friendly volunteer
members serve as ambassadors to Center congregants by helping
with seating, guiding and acknowledging newcomers, and
welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers help to maintain
synagogue decorum which preserves the beauty of the service
for all of us. We thank all of our ushers for their efforts throughout
the year:
The Ushers
Stuart Appelbaum, Brian Ben wick, Fred Blum, Philip
Bloom, Stuart Cohen, Jeffery Morris, Joel Morris, Carl
Passen, Fred Pozin, Jim Richman, Harris
Rittenberg, Dr. Abe Rogozinski, George Rubens,
Leonard Saraga, David Schmerer, Barry Schuster,
Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Steve Solomon,
Sherry & Craig Sommers, Randall Smith, Tom
Spriggs, Joshua Whitman, and Scott Zimmerman.
Membership
Phyllis Goldberg, Chairperson
Rhoda Goldstein and Judy Greenfield
prepare welcome bags.
As we begin the new century, the membership committee
continues to focus its efforts on promoting the well-being
and growth of the membership of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Helping newcomers to the community become a part
of our Center “family”is our main purpose.
We understand the importance of giving those who
relocate to Jacksonville a support system — a place for people
to make friends and find an extended family.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center provides a place for
socialization and recreation, as well as a place for religious
services and Jewish educational programs. We attract new
members, and retain those who have already joined us, by
providing for their needs. The members of the membership
committee, and indeed all members of the congregation, are
an important part of this process.
You can help us accomplish our goals by becoming a
member of the membership committee, by letting us know when
new people have moved to Jacksonville, by welcoming
newcomers when you see them during services or an activity,
or by extending hospitality during holidays or on Shabbat.
Reaching out to those who are new to Jacksonville or
unaffiliated with a synagogue is critical to not only the growth
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, but to Judaism. Let’s make
adding new members to our congregation a priority in the new
century.
Special brunches encourage prospective members to join the Center.
41
