Organizations
Men’s Club Man of the Year Banquet
One evening last October, Neil Sandler
was teased, taunted, harassed and embarrassed
by some of his closest friends. The “Roast of
New York” honored Neil as the Center Men’s
Club Man of the Year. No one is more
deserving of this title. Neil distinguished
himself, and made the Men’s Club a valuable
asset to the synagogue, by developing
programs and events of interest to men and
to benefit the youth of our congregation. As
the second president of the organization in
1992-93, he often single-handedly planned
and executed monthly meetings. By
consistently volunteering the Men’s Club for
all kinds of jobs around the congregation, Neil
drew great attention to the fledgling organization which he
helped to establish. Today the Men’s Club is a well-respected
and valued part of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, due in no
small measure to the efforts of Neil Sandler.
Michael Shorstein was emcee
extraordinaire of the unbelievable “adults
only” evening filled with friendly toasts and
roasts and some surprises. In addition to the
planned program, banquet-goers paid for an
on-the-spot opportunity to say a few words
about Neil. The results were hilarious. The
wonderful evening included a Coney Island,
N.Y., boardwalk-style menu. Thanks to Ellen
Rubens for creating a delightful ambiance.
All proceeds went to benefit the Men’s
Club Summer Scholarship Fund for needy
Jewish youth, which was named this year in
loving memory of Horty Gendzier.
The response to this gala evening was overwhelming.
Make your plans to attend this year’s fun-filled event when
another outstanding man will be honored.
Men's Club President Dave
Schmerer presented award to Neil
Sandler.
Emcee Michael Shorstein Bonnie Sandler revealed some “fishy” tibits about
doin' his thing! hubby Neil.
The Setzer Social Hall was packed, and. a great time was had by all.
Yad Shel Chai recipients Crista Cohen andAvi Richman.
Yad Shel Chai Award
Among it’s many activities, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s
Club promotes positive youth programs. The Men’s Club instituted the
very successful Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life) award program to encourage
and reward post Bar/Bat Mitzvahs who continue reading Torah on
Shabbat, holidays, and at minyan. Teens who read a minimum of 18
(chai) portions by age 18 are awarded a beautiful, inscribed Torah pointer
(yad). Over two dozen teens have already received this award, and
many more are are currently enrolled in the program. At Men’s Club
Shabbat, this past year, Crista Cohen, Daniel Passen and Avi Richman
received a yad for reaching this important goal. We should all be extremely
proud of their accomplishments and hope to see many more join them in
achieving this high honor. If you would like more information regarding
this program, please contact Randall Smith or Jim Richman.
34
