31
Special Events
- ■
C.O 1 * CLASS/e
6th Annual JJC Golf Classic
Major Fundraising Success for Education
The 6th Annual Golf Classic, played at the Ponte Vedra Ocean Course,
was not only a great financial success, but a GREAT TIME was had by
all who participated. Camaraderie was high and the competition was
keen. Congratulations to all.
Founding Sponsors
Jacksonville
‘"“.“Bank
and The Gottlieb Family
The credit for this outstanding program goes to Sandy Zimmerman
and Seeman Zimmerman, tournament chairmen, Lori Schoettler,
Center administrative liaison, and the committee. Additional thanks
goes to a great crew of tournament-day volunteers: Linda Bloom,
Helen DuBow, Debby Fialkow, Marcia Jawitz, Cheryl Plotkin,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Lynn Zimmerman and Nancy Zimmerman.
The beautiful, Waterford crystal, Horty T. Gendzier Cup was
presented to the tournament winners Butch Berry, Terry Jaymes,
Brian Kelly and Lex Stanley.
Horty T. Gendzier was a dedicated beacon for
Jewish education and champion of youth at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and the community. Once
again she was remembered and appreciated when
this year’s Waterford crystal award, the “HORTY”
was presented to the tournament champions, the team
from the Jacksonville Jaguars. Proceeds of this
fundraising effort directly benefit scholarships for
Jewish education at the Center.
“The community’s response to the Golf Classic has again been
outstanding,” said Bruce Horovitz, Executive Director. Proceeds of
this fundraising effort directly benefit scholarships for the Samuel &
Esther Galinsky Educational Programs at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Through the generosity of our sponsors, we are able to offer
financial assistance regardless of synagogue affiliation.
Front 9 Sponsor
The Jaffe Group
of WachoviaSecurities
Back 9 Sponsor
Wachovia Bank
Corporate Sponsors
DuBow Family Foundation
Far East Brokers and
Consultants, Inc.
The Jacksonville Kennel Club
The Jacksonville Jaguars
L.R.S., Inc.
Merrill Lynch
Nimnicht Cadillac
The Shorstein Family
Summit Contractors, Inc.
Hole Sponsors
Allstate Electrical Contractors, Inc.
Blosam Constructors, Inc.
Comfort Keepers
Dixie Contract Carpet
The Emas Family
Equity One, Inc.
Friends ofS.S.D.S.
Green-Hazel & Associates
Hardage Giddens Funeral Homes
Harris, Guidi, Rosner & Dunlap
J.P. Perry Insurance Co.
The Kraemer Family
The Levin Family
North FL Plumbing
The Parker Family
Reynolds, Smith and Hills, Inc.
The Roey Family
The Rothstein Family
Shorstein & Kelly, P.A.
Steve & Judy Silverman
Sir Speedy Printing
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Vandroff Insurance
Daniel F. Wilensky, Attorney at Law
