Are you one of the nearly
nine million small and midsized
business owners with no
business continuation plan?*
Prudential can help you protect
the future of your business.
Planning. It’s what got your business to
where it is today. Right from the start, you
understood that a thriving business doesn’t
just happen. You had to build it, with a mix
of painstaking planning and hard work.
But what happens if, through chance
or choice, you’re no longer at the helm?
Will your business be without a rudder?
Of course you want what’s best for your
heirs and your company. But during a
business transition, the interests of heirs
and surviving owners often differ. That’s
why now is the time to work with your
attorney to draft an agreement favorable
to both parties.
A business continuation plan can help
meet both your corporate and personal
needs. We can provide the appropriate
insurance products to fund a sound
continuation plan that allows prompt
settlement of the estate and transfer bf
business interests. This can help provide
stability for customers, employees,
creditors and investors.
/
When you speak with a Prudential financial
professional, you’ll learn about solutions to
meet your every business need:
► Buy/Sell agreements, which set forth
terms of sale of family-held stock to the
remaining owners.
► Strategies and solutions for handling
estate tax consequences involved in
continuing a business.
► Employee compensation plans, which
aim to retain key employees.
P Employee benefits and stock ownership
plans geared towards keeping the
business an ongoing concern.
To learn more about how I, along with your
advisors, can help you with your business
continuation planning, call:
Mel Case, Financial Planner
The Prudential Insurance
Company of America
8702 Perimeter Park Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
904-641-7933, ext. 7435
Frank Mantay, CFP™
Managing Director
904-641-7933, ext. 7314
Prudential (*» Financial
Crowing and Protecting Your Wealth®
*Small- Business Administration Study - 5/2002 and LIMRA U.S. Small-business Study 2000.
Investment advisory services offered through Prudential Financial Planning Services, a division
of Piuco Securities, LLC. Life insurance issued by The Prudential Insurance Company of America
and its affiliates. All the Prudential Financial companies. Each is soley responsible for its own
financial condtion and contractual obligations. Neither Pmdential Financial nor its affiliates provide
legal or tax advice. You should consult your own legal and tax advisors regarding your particular
situation. Prudential Financial and the Rock logo are registered service marks of the Prudential
Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates. IFSA0-100909 Ed. 02/2005
