5
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
Moving at the Speed of Sound
There is a beautiful parable told by the master homileticist, Rabbi Yaakov ben Zev Wolf Kranz
(1741-1804). Better known to the generations as the “Maggid of Dubno,”
this talented preacher once told the following story about the deeper meaning of the
Shofar we sound during the Days of Awe.
There was a village far off in the provinces where the people were quite simple and
unsophisticated. Once, one of the villagers had occasion to spend the night in the big city.
Suddenly he was awakened from his sleep by the loud beating of drums. “What does this mean?”
he asked in fright. His host replied that a fire had broken out and that the beating of drums
served as the city’s fire alarm. Nodding his head in understanding, the man returned to sleep.
When he returned to his village he excitedly reported what he had seen in the city. “They have a
most marvelous arrangement,” exclaimed the man. “Whenever there is a fire in the city they
beat their drums until the flames are extinguished. The villagers thought this was a splendid
idea, and immediately purchased drums for use in the event of a fire. Shortly thereafter, when a
fire did break out in the village, the inhabitants quickly took up their drums and pounded them so
loudly and strongly that it was a pleasure to listen to them. In the interim, however, the flames
devoured half the buildings of the village. A stranger, who happened to be visiting from the city,
laughed ironically and said to the brigade of drummers, “Why, you foolish people! Do you not
realize the impossibility of putting out a fire just by beating the drums? The instruments are
meant only to call out the fire fighters so that they may come and extinguish the flames; the
noise of the drum won’t frighten the fire away!”
This, then, is the meaning of the Shofar. It is merely a device to arouse us from lethargy, “to
awaken sleepers from their slumber,” in the words of Maimonides. The Shofar, however, cannot
bring repentance and true amelioration to our lives any more than an alarm clock can push us out
of bed and dress us for work. The value of the Shofar’s sounding is not gauged by the skill of the
one who blows it, nor is it measured in the pleasure we experience when we hear an
exceptionally long Tekiah Gedolah. Rather, its effectiveness can only be determined by what we
do with ourselves long after we have listened to its plaintive call.
If this is true of the Shofar in particular, it is equally true of the High Holy Days in general. This
season serves as an invitation to self-scrutiny, rather than as a substitute for it.
Whether or not our lives in the coming year are notably better in a spiritual sense depends
not on the three days of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, but on what we do in the weeks and
months following the Days of Awe.
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
The Irish poet, William Butler Yeats, once wrote, “In dreams begin
responsibility.” As we prepare to welcome 5766, let us inspire one
another with the dream of a community in which each home serves as
the satellite of a Jewish Center wherein the values and teachings of
Torah always find living reality and loving resonance.
Susan and our boys, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing
each and every one of you a year of health, blessing, and goodness.
innnm ■oran rrmu m vh
As important as this season of spiritual assessment is to individuals, it is equally vital to
communal soul searching, an opportune moment to articulate new visions and refine old ones for
the Center. What, exactly, do we seek to achieve as a religious institution? What unmet needs
should we address in days ahead? How can we build upon our
accomplishments for the sake of creating an ever more dynamic
synagogue, one capable of inspiring our members to lead more
observant and committed Jewish lives at home? I hope in the coming
year — before and after the holidays — you, too, will take the time to
share with me your visions and hopes for the Center.
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
