— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
A Message from the Early Childhood Director
It’s important to remember that although all children follow the same general
pattern of growth, all children do not develop at the same rate. They differ in their
interests and how they learn. Children have their own environment and way of
feeling about things. They may not always develop at a steady pace. A child may
develop new large muscle skills for a few months,
like walking, climbing or hopping; then, these skills may seem to stand still, while
the language skills seem to increase daily.
In the Center Preschool, each child is treated as an individual and given the
opportunity to explore his surroundings and grow at her own pace - socially,
emotionally, intellectually and physically. Of course all the while they get lots and
lots of Tender Loving Care.
I applaud the talents of the Center Preschool staff. Their experience and love of
children contribute to the high standards of our Early Childhood program. By
establishing caring relationships, our teachers and care givers will help build the
confidence in your child that can be a positive influence on their educational
foundation.
During my past 27-plus years in early childhood education, I had many wonderful
experiences. The memories of the hugs, silly phrases,
fun classroom encounters and friendships have lasted decades. Now 1 am truly
blessed to have the opportunity to share it all with you and your child.
Thank you for the opportunity to be a part of the most important years
of your child’s development.
— Sherrie Boger
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris
Judaica Teachers
Sherrie Boger
Early Childhood
Director
Prior to accepting the
position of Director of the
Center’s Early Childhood
Department, Sherrie Boger
served for four years as the
Director of the La Petite
Academy in St. Augustine.
Under her direction, the
school earned the
distinction, “Best of the
Best” in St. Johns County.
She also taught preschool in
Ponte Vedra at The Bolles
School and the Accotink
Academy, as well as serving
as director of the Cambridge
Prep School for preschoolers.
Before coming to Florida,
Sherrie taught preschool in
the Northeast, most notably
at Beth Torah Nursery School
in Willingboro, N.Y. She was
the owner and director of
Day Bear Care in Medford
Lakes, N.J.
Sherrie brings to her position
at the Center a strong
background in parent
relations, school readiness,
budgeting, accreditation and
grant writing.
