25
Committees and Organizations
Adult Education Committee
Etta Fialkow, chair
A revitalized, Family Education sub-committee began the year
with “How to Pray Like a Pro,” interactive sessions on proper
synagogue attire, bima etiquette, davening skills, how to bless the
Torah and others. They also hosted “Havdalah Under-the-Stars,” to
learn about and celebrate havdalah, explore the night sky through
telescopes and make some very creative craftwork. Thank you to Dr.
John Anderson, Perrin Rubin, Debbie Banks, Karen Morse, Dr.
Judy Stoner and Scott Zimmerman for these wonderful programs.
Our Selihot program in September, featured the documentary
American Lives: Jewish Stories , which explored the challenges and joys
of being Jewish in America, through personal story-telling. The
discussion that followed made the Selihot service even more meaningful
Rabbi Lubliner taught many interesting classes throughout the year.
On Monday nights, he led a journey through the Talmud tractate, Bavli Maskhet
Megillah. Following that session, Rabbi Lubliner continued teaching the Adult B’nai
Mitzvah class that had begun last year. One Wednesday morning each month,
Rabbi Lubliner led a lively discussion for Sisterhood members on topics of interest to
Jewish women. “Mishnah Monday” began mid-year. Following the morning minyan,
Rabbi Lubliner gave brief lessons on Torah. A series of Sunday Study Sessions,
explored such diverse topics as “Hanukkah-Not Just for Kids,” the Jewish concept of the
Messiah, bio-ethics for Jews and end-of-life issues. We are grateful to the Center Men’s
Club for sponsoring breakfast at two of these sessions.
The annual Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton Weekend in January featured Rabbi
Reuven Hammer, past-president of the International Rabbinical Assembly, a prolific
writer, and considered one of the most influential members of the American Jewish
Community. Rabbi Hammer spoke on the Song of the Sea, featured in that week’s Torah
portion, as well as on the Conservative/Masorti Movement’s Role in Israel and the
Four Faces of the Shema. Lita Poehlman was the chair for the weekend event.
Rabbi Hammer
Dr. Benjamin Gampel, associate professor of Jewish history at the Jewish Theological
Seminary, was the guest lecturer at the annual Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture, presented
in March. An engaging speaker, Dr. Gampel presented “Jews, Judaism, and the Rise of
Islam.” Janice Knack coordinated the evening, with the help of Jane Grann.
An assortment of Adult Education classes was taught by our laity, throughout the year.
Marc Leventhal, a teacher in our schools, taught a series of classes called “Everything
You Wanted to Know about Judaism, but Were Afraid to Ask.” Lorrain Federman
taught conversational Israeli Hebrew with all the slang and idioms used by Israelis.
Stella Finck and Etta Fialkow taught Hebrew Literacy in a fun and productive course
that helped others develop the ability to read Hebrew.
The Jewish Theological Seminary sent Sarah Freidson, a rabbinical student, to talk
about her experiences at JTS for Seminary Shabbat.
Dr. Gampel
Dr. Ben Gad
In May, Dr. Yitschak Ben Gad, the new Consul General of
Israel to Florida and Puerto Rico, shared news of the Middle East
with adults and teens during a shalosh seudot. Dr. Ben Gad, who
had just taken on the position, made Jacksonville his second city
to visit after his arrival in Florida. We are grateful to Moti
Demri for arranging Dr. Ben Gad’s visit.
A Tikkun leyl Shavuot study session was reinstituted this year. A
variety of discussions were led by Rabbi Lubliner, Yitzhak
Ben-Moshe and Marc Leventahl, following the Confirmation
service and ending just before midnight.
