21
Committees and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood is a wonderful group for you to invest your
heart, energy and time in. Our Sisterhood provides many opportunities for you to grow
as a concerned Jewish woman. We have wonderful educational programs including
Sisterhood Shabbat, Women’s Minyan, Sisterhood Seminars and frequent book reviews.
Our Judaica Shop, staffed by Etta Fialkow, chair,
and many volunteers, is an ongoing source of
funding. There is a wide selection of beautiful
art, jewelry, religious articles, Judaic books,
Shabbat candles and many more interesting
objects. We are able to special order merchandise
for Bar and Bat Mitzvahs, weddings, and births. If
you have a few hours on a weekly or monthly basis,
we would love to have you on our staff. Working in
the Judaica Shop is a great way to meet new people
and make new friends.
Our fundraising projects such as baking and selling hamantaschen, Rosh Hashanah
flowers and cards, Leagrams, Nachas Tax, Donor luncheon and much more, annually
support our synagogue’s Building Fund, Education and Youth programs, as well as
provide summer camp and college travel scholarships. This year we have made a
substantial pledge to the Above and Beyond Campaign, designated for upgrading the
Center Kitchen.
The Women’s League Torah Fund Campaign supports and enhances The Jewish
Theological Seminary of America, the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies and the
Schechter Institute for Jewish Studies, which provide Jews worldwide with the opportunity
to study and learn. Benefactors receive a beautiful pin in appreciation of their generous
contribution. This year the pin is “Shalom - Peace,” designed by Eytan Brandes. We
were pleased to have honored two very valuable members of Sisterhood, Gayle Bailys and
Stella Finck, with the Horty T. Gendzier Award at the annual Torah Fund Luncheon.
Membership in Sisterhood continues to grow. Our luncheons and evening meetings
are well attended and feature a wide range of interesting and entertaining
programs. Sisterhood has something to offer women of all ages.
Our very own Barbara Safer received a National Award
for Community Service from Women’s League for Conservative
Judaism this year. It was a wonderful and well deserved honor.
We are very proud of Barbara for her continued devotion to
Women’s League.
This position of Sisterhood president is both challenging
and rewarding. As I begin the final year of my term, I look
forward to working with the many talented women - officers,
committee chairs, past presidents and members- who are
always willing to pitch in and make all events successful.
Barbara Safer receives award.
I would like to wish everyone, L’ Shanah Tovah on behalf of my husband, Sandy,
and daughters, Lindsay, Whitney, and Jillian.
— Joanne Rosenberg
Joanne Rosenberg
President
2005-2006
Sisterhood Officers
President
Joanne Rosenberg
Education YP
Meryl Rittenberg
Membership VP
Robin Allerding
Ways & Means VP
Lita Poehlman
Program VP
Karen Morse
Torah Fund VP
Robin Shorstein
Youth VP
Debbie Banks
Treasurer
Ellen Rosner
Financial Secretary
Missy Frisch
Recording Secretary
Sue Levine
Corresponding Sec.
Peggy Organes
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Nominating Committee
Jeanine Rogozinski
