211
Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
Celebrating its second
anniversary this year, the
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns
continue to bring smiles and
good cheer to children and
adults in our community.
The goal of the Jacksonville
Mitzvah Clowns is to create a
self perpetuating corps of
local Mitzvah Clowns
available for periodic visits
and special programs at local
facilities participation in
local programs which serve
the Jewish community and as
well as the general community. The Mitzvah Clown program
seeks to bring smiles, companionship and cheer to sick
and aged people while at the same time enhancing self-
confidence and creating a joy of doing mitzvot among the
Mitzvah Clown participants. The program also seeks to
instill in the participants a level of comfort when performing
the mitzvah of bikkur holim.
Members of The Jacksonville
Mitzvah Clowns also
contributed to a leson on
“g’milut hasadim” for
students of Congregation
Ahavath Chesed’s
confirmation class.
Clowning around with residents of River Garden
The Jacksonville Mitzvah
Clowns are especially proud
to have been mentioned in the 2005 Annual Report of
Danny Siegel’s Ziv Tzedakah Fund, Inc. which recognized
the local clown troupe among other clown groups across
the country by referring to the local group as “the most
successful being the gang in Jacksonville, Florida.” Many
thanks are owed to the many volunteers who continue to
give freely of themselves to make this program so
successful.
The Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns have participated in
various community events during the past year including:
• Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool program
• Clowning demonstration for the benefit of the
Children’s Home Society
• Student party at Lola Culver Elementary School
• Grandparents Day 2004 at River Garden;
• Jay Fund Valentine Party for Patients and Families
• Purim 2005 at River Garden
BoBo (Neil Maiman)and pals
at River Garden’s Grandparents Day
The group is always looking for new trainees and hopes to
sponsor additional training sessions for both adults and
teens in the seventh grade or older during the coming year.
If you are interested,contact Vivo at Ienjorge@comcast.net
or Gigibell at gigi- 18 @comcast.net.
I to r: Love It (Judy Greenhut), Giggles (Elana Maiman)
and Vivo (Lenny Maiman)
l to r: Gigibell (Isabel Balotin),
Bubbe (Shirley Bielski),
Stan Tennenbaum and
Dr. Mitzvah (Norman Kleiman)
