9
Professionals
From the Ba’al Tefilah
A famous Hassidic story tells of an illiterate shepherd boy who was brought to Yom
Kippur services at the synagogue of the Ba’al Shem Tov. Not knowing the order of the
prayers in the Mahzor ; the boy sat mute until, during the Neilah service at the close of the
holiday, he took his flute from his pocket and blew on it a loud, shrill note.
His father and the other congregants were appalled. However, the Ba’al Shem Tov
informed all present that the kavannah - the pure intention —of that note was, in fact, the
catalyst that brought the prayers of the entire congregation into the presence of the
Almighty. This story illustrates the importance of kavannah — of intention and feeling in
prayer. Rabbi Shimon ben Nathaniel says in Pirkei Avot, “... do not make your prayer a
prescribed routine but a plea for mercy and grace before the Omnipresent...” And yet, we
have a prescribed liturgy, ordained by the Rabbis. How do we account for the apparent
contradiction? We do so by praying the prescribed liturgy with feeling and intention.
The job of the Shaliach Tzibbur - the representative of the congregation — is much like
the flute of the shepherd boy — to bring the prayers of the congregation to God. It is a
daunting task. One must be inspired, while inspiring others. The Shaliach Tzibbur must
concentrate on melody, pronunciation and voice, all the while putting real feeling into them.
The Hineni prayer, recited by the Hazzan before the Musaf prayer on the High Holy Days,
expresses the emotions of the Cantor who prays for Divine help in balancing all of these
roles, and who recognizes his own inequality to the task.
I am both honored and humbled by the opportunity to serve this congregation as Ba’al
Teñllah. To stand at the bimah where I was called up as a Bar Mitzvah , and to officiate at
services, lifecycle events and community observances, is a gift for which I am thankful to
our Creator. I eagerly look forward to another year of serving God and His People. I also
look forward to working with Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, with all of the wonderful staff of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, and to spending another year with this wonderful congregation.
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
D’vorah, Ban and
Eden join me in
wishing all of the
Center Family a
Shanah Tovah
U’mevorachat, a good
and blessed New Year.
From the Ritual Director
The Talmud credits Moses with the public reading of the Torah. The cycle of Torah
reading begins in the fall right after the Festivals and ends the following fall,
on Simhat Torah.
Following the Babylonian tradition, we read a parsha, portion, of Torah every
Shabbat, completing it in one year. However, on festivals and holidays,
there are special portions of the Torah that are read. These portions deviate from
the order of the yearly cycle. Instead, the subject of the portion read relates to the
particular holiday in some fashion. Rav Moshe Chayim Luzzato,
in his Derech Hashem (4:8) explains further the concept of reading the Torah.
He writes, “the reason is that the Torah consists of something that was given to us
by God to read. It was furthermore designated so that His holy light should be
transmitted to us through such reading. On certain special days, it is also appropriate
that special portions be read, relating to the concepts of those days. In this way, the
special holy light of these days is strengthened through the power of the Torah, which is
the strongest power that we have.”
I would like to thank the many members of our congregation who have added their
voices to the process that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we have
maintained a high level of participation in reading Torah. The commitment and
encouragement of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure that this
quality standard will be continued for many generations to come.
Scott Zimmerman
I would like to thank
all of our teachers for
their continued support,
and join with Suzanne,
Casie and Aron in
wishing you all a happy
and healthy new year.
