91
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
Administrators and Staff
Dr. Judy Stoner, Director of Education/Head of Schools, has assumed the
additional duties of Principal of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School,
following the retirement of Willard Kennedy, after 22 years of exemplary and
dedicated service to the school. Dr. Stoner brings to the position her proven
leadership and knowledge of Solomon Schechter schools, as well as her
familiarity with Center staff, students and parents. See her message on page 7.
Carole Goldberg, 5th grade teacher, has been appointed Vice Principal of
the Lower School. Carole holds both a Bachelor’s degree from the University
of Florida and a Master’s degree from the University of North Florida in
Elementary Education. She is a member of Pi Lambda Theta, International
Honor Society and Professional Association in Education. For 22 continuous
years, she has been beloved by students and respected by faculty and parents
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center as a teacher in the Preschool (7 yrs.), Day
School (11 yrs.) and Religious School (15 yrs). Carole is the inaugural
recipient of the Center Men’s Club’s Brit Hinukh Covenant of Education
Award for excellence in education
Edith Horovitz is a Middle School Jewish studies teacher and Mitzvah
Project Coordinator as well as a 2nd grade Hebrew teacher. Her role as Middle
School Coordinator has been expanded to Vice Principal of the Middle
School. Edith has been a dedicated Judaica teacher for over 23 years in
Center schools. She developed the mitvah program that has given hundreds of
students early hands-on experiences with tikkun olam in the Jewish and
general communities both locally and statewide. In addition, Edith worked
one-on-one to prepare students for Bar and Bat Mitzvah. She and her husband,
Bruce, were honored last May with the distinguished, Shin Award from the
Jewish Theological Seminary for their commitment to Judaism through service
to their community, synagogue and the Seminary.
Suzanne Weiss
Admissions/Marketing
Suzanne Weiss has been appointed part-time
Admissions/Marketing Director. Under the direction
of Dr. Judy Stoner, Head of Schools/Principal of the
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, Suzi will promote the
Preschool and Day School for the purpose of growth and
retention of our student population.
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
Administrative Assistant
Dr. Judy Stoner
Head of Schools and
Day School Principal
Carole Goldberg
Vice Principal of the
Lower School
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of the
Middle School
