22
Committees and Organizations
Men’s Club Man of the Year Banquet
The Center Men’s Club 6th Annual Man of the Year event was a huge success and
whole lot of fun as we roasted and toasted our honoree, Ira Grann. The Men’s
Club thanks the many Patrons, Friends and Special Contributors who helped to
make this such a successful event. The proceeds support the Horty T. Gendzier
Summer Scholarship Fund. A special thanks goes to this year’s program
chairman, Dave Schmerer, and the rest of
the planning committee, and of course to Ira
for being such a good sport.
“Men of the Year ” (l to r j Jeff Morris,
Sheldon Gendzier ; Ira Grann, Evan
Yegelwel and Neil Sandler.
Carole Goldberg
Inaugural recipient of
the B’rit Hinukh Award
Marty Gottlieb B’rit Hinukh Covenant of Education Award
The Men’s Club Board of Directors has established the Marty Gottlieb B’rit
Hinukh Covenant of Education Award to recognize individual educators within the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Schools for their lifelong commitment to intellectual,
professional and religious development and to the passionate motivation of their
students to learn about the language, laws, traditions, history and spiritual
strength of Conservative Judaism.
David Schmerer presented the first B’rit Hinukh award to Carole Goldberg at
the PTA Teacher Appreciation Luncheon in May 20, 2005. Carole sets a very high
standard for future candidates. For 22 continuous years, Carole has taught in all
Jacksonville Jewish Center schools. She currently teaches 5th grade in the Day
School and was appointed Vice Principal of the Lower School of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School. She is admired and respected by students and parents, as
well as her fellow faculty members. Yashar Kohahat to Carole
on this well deserved honor.
In recognition of their achievement,
Yad Shel Chai recipients receive
a certificate and personalized
“yad, ” Torah pointer.
Men’s Club Yad Shel Chai Award
In 1998, Center Men’s Club instituted this award-winning program to
encourage youngsters to continue reading Torah after their Bar or Bat Mitzvah.
Teens who read a minimum of 18 (chai) portions by age 18 are presented with
an inscribed Torah pointer (yad ) and a certificate. Over the years, many teens
have enrolled in this program, and to date 39 have received the award.
The Yad Shel Chai recipients for 5765 were: Kara Levine, Hallie Morris,
Zach Morris, Charlie Raitt, Manny Shapiro and Michael Wohl. For more
information regarding this program, contact Randall Smith at 565-4447.
