205
Community Agencies
— Executive Committee -
President
Leslie Held
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Leonard Setzer
Vice Presidents
Michael Korn
Debbie Parker
Gary Perlman
VP/ Women’s Division
President
Stacy Wilf
Treasurer
Larry Appel
Secretary
Leonard Maiman
Women’s Division
Campaign Chair
Francine Kempner
Immediate Past President
Guy Benrubi
Presidential Appointee
Richard Sisisky
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715 • www.jaxjewish.org
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation serves as a central resource for our Jewish community
and is dedicated to providing for the welfare of every Jewish person living in Jacksonville.
Through a partnership with the United Jewish Communities, formerly known as UJA, we are
equally committed to the survival of and quality of life for every Jew living in Israel and
throughout the Diaspora.
The five major local recipients of funds raised by the Federation are the Jewish Community
Alliance, Jewish Family and Community Services, River Garden Hebrew Home, Jacksonville
Jewish Foundation and the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. We are proud of the invaluable
services provided by these five outstanding Jewish institutions. It is a privilege to assist them
in trying to meet their goals.
Jewish education is a priority, and the Federation is proud to support the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School, Beit Midrash Hebrew High and the Torah Academy of Jacksonville. Through the Joan
Levin Gift of Israel program and “birthright israel,” Federation is helping to make the dream of a
trip to Israel a reality for Jewish teens and college youth in our community. All of the synagogues
in our community receive funding from the Federation campaign.
The Federation is involved with community relations, leadership development and Missions to
Israel. We are working in cooperation with our local agencies, UJC and the synagogues to
address the vital issues and challenges in the entire arena of Jewish continuity.
We are currently engaged in a Long Range Strategic Planning Process in cooperation with the
synagogues and major local agencies. One of the initial outcomes of this process is
Federation’s assuming responsibility for our community’s Hebrew High School program, Beit
Midrash.
Our officers and Board of Directors wish the congregation a happy and healthy New Year.
— Leslie Held , President Alan Margolies , Executive Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees wishes
you and yours “ L’Shana Tovah,
may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year."
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation facilitates putting donor intent into action. It is
our Jewish community foundation with a mission to ensure the future of our partner
organizations including the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
This year while you are contemplating your blessings consider the many programs of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. What better time than Rosh Hashanah and
Yom Kippur, when we are looking into the eyes of those we love and thanking God, to
make a commitment to perpetuate a family tradition by supporting Jewish causes.
Please remember the Jacksonville Jewish Center while doing your estate planning.
Contact the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation for assistance with the many opportunities
to include the Center and other Jewish causes you care about in your estate planning
and in your will.
E 0. Box 24847
Jacksonville, Florida 32241
Phone: 904-394-0720
Fax: 904-394-0956
www.jacksonvillejewishfoundation.org
— Board of Trustees
Fiscal Year 2005-2006
Mark Shorstein, CPA, President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Jerry Chait
Michael Donziger*, Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards, Sec.
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. ,V. P.
Mel Gottlieb*, Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe, CIMA
Howard I. Korman, Esq.
Joan Levin
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Marsha Pollock
Neil Presser, CPA, Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
Stephen Silverman*, Trustee
Richard Sisisky
Dr. Roy J. Sloat**
Sandy Zimmerman
Barry Zisser, Esq.
*Past President • • Of Blessed Memory
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
