117
Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Happy birthday Pack 14! With 66 years of continuous membership, Pack 14 was
recognized by the Northeast Council as the oldest pack in north Florida. We
received a framed Norman Rockwell piece with a letter of recognition. Both are
proudly hang in the Center’s Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge.
We started last year off with a big bang, or should I say a loud noise. At our first
pack meeting, the boys and their parents learned how to make shofars .
Camping is what Cub Scouts like best. We began our camping trips with an old
favorite, Fort Clinch, known for its history and beautiful beach. When we
camped at Manatee Springs,
the manatees were out in
force. At Ocala National Forest,
home to the Florida Black Bear,
we fished by day and looked out
for bears by night. We enjoyed
trips to Silver Springs and the
Suwannee River. The Florida
Caverns were more spectacular
then we could have imagined.
One of the most exciting
campouts of all was at the Olustee
Battlefield Historic State Park.
Smoke filled the air, as the guns
and cannons resonated all around us, while we relived the Civil War at the Battle of
Olustee. It was a thrill to camp on the battlefield with thousands of reenactment
soldiers, who lived and cooked just like back in the time period that they were
portraying.
Thank you Charlie DuBow and his dad, Michael, for arranging a Pack 14 tailgate
party at Alltell Stadium. Jaxon Deville came and played football with the boys until it
was time for our very own private tour of the stadium.
The third annual Balloon Night had its ups and downs, but despite windy conditions,
our balloons zoomed around the sky in ways that I have never seen.
The Pinewood Derby is always a highlight of the Cub Scout year. This year’s setup
was really something. The cars that the scouts made were once again just incredible.
The race was a exciting as the Daytona 500. Great job Pack 14
contestants, winners and helpers!
Our second annual tubing trip down the Ichetucknee signaled
the end of another wonderful year. Twice the number
participated in a funfilled day complete with swimming and
cookout.
At the 2005 Blue and Gold Banquet, four, 5th grade Webelos
crossed over to Boy Scouts to continue in scouting.
Thank you Elissa Vining and Missy Frisch for a fine evening
and thank you to the Jacksonville Jewish Center for your help
throughout the year. Let me be the first to say I am looking
forward to next year.
Scouting builds friendship, character and strength. Help us build Scouting.
Get involved! Join today. Call me at 262-0207, to enroll your child
in a great part of this program.
— Marty Pett
Cubmaster
