210
Community Organizations
Hadassah
“Hadassah has always been an important bridge to peace. By
treating all people without regard to nationality or religion,
Hadassah has shown the world what peace in the Middle East
will look like.” — Yitzchak Rabin, 1994.
“Thank you, Hadassah, for giving my daughters their father
back.”— Survivor of massacre at a Moshav in Israel, 2002.
Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity or
remain silent in the face of injustice. We must actively pursue
righteousness and justice at home, in the community, and in
the world. In the spirit of tikkun olam, Hadassah began as a
study group in 1912 by Henrietta Szold, who gathered together
like-minded women to bring public health services to pre-state
Israel. Today, more than 300,000 American women (49,000 in
Florida) help repair the world by supporting Hadassah’s
projects and programs. In Israel we save lives at our hospitals
at Ein Karem and Mount Scopus, build self-esteem and
employment skills at Hadassah Career Counseling Institute,
rescue children at risk through Youth Aliyah, and educate at
Hadassah College Jerusalem. Across America, our members
promote health education, perform community service, and
teach Jewish values. Hadassah advocates on issues ranging
from Israel-US relations to First Amendment protections to
genetic discrimination to women’s rights and health concerns.
We are mothers and daughters, sisters and friends. We are
attorneys, physicians, social workers, nurses, bankers, real
estate brokers, and teachers. Jacksonville’s 1,000 Hadassah
members proudly invite you to join our wonderful organization
and experience the joy of doing mitzvot. Please call me to
discuss which of our four groups, Shir Li, Tikva, Aaronson
Nurses’ & Health Care Professionals’ Council, or Yamit will be
able to welcome you as a new or returning member.
Jodi Seitlin, Chapter President (904) 254-2322
National Council of Jewish Women
During the past year, National Council of Jewish Women has
been involved in many projects that we hope have bettered
the Jacksonville community.
We have continued to encourage umbilical cord blood
donation, lit candles and gave Hanukkah gifts at Wolfson
Hospital and delivered meals on wheels.
Our opening meeting at Homewood Suites was chaired by
Judi Greenhut, and our featured was speaker Allen Ruby,
who helped us “design on a shoestring”.
Paid-up membership was hosted by Barbara Parker and
planned by Karen Morse and Elyssa Vining. We all enjoyed
the “martinis, massage and more”.
Past President, Gloria Einstein, chaired the November
program that was held at the Ramada Inn. Experts on the
subject of “Women in Court” and the video “Small Justice”
showed professionals and lay people how the courts and
juries often favor men. Nancy Rubin was the moderator and
the panel was made up of Dr. Mary Soha and Marnette Price.
We co-sponsored the book review by Roya Hakakarian
“Journey from the Land of No” at the JCA, also in November.
Leslie Kirkwood chaired a program “Never Again” that
addressed the holocaust and genocide that has taken place
around the world. Our speakers were Sidney Sherter, Pam
Zeiser, and Joan Hecht.
Our annual Women in Power and Donor event, so ably
chaired by Gayle Bailys, honored three wonderful women in
our community. Carol Alexander is a storyteller and the
founder and director of the LaVilla Museum and Ritz
Theater. Joy Korman is past president of Congregation
Ahavath Chesed, member of several local Boards of Trustees,
and has received well deserved awards from Leadership
Jacksonville, YWCA, Israel Unity Award and the NCCJ
Humanitarian Silver Medallion Award. Joan Monsky is the
founder and president of the Jacksonville Film Festival,
founded the Reader’s Theater at Florida Community College,
serves on many boards, is a grant reader for the National
Endowment for the Arts, is on the Arts Grant Committee for
the state and was the founder and director of Theatreworks.
A committee has been hard at work currently developing a
program to bring breast cancer awareness into local high
schools and colleges.
In coordination with JFCS, National Council of Jewish
Women has provided those who are turning 18 and leaving
the foster program with the items necessary to move on to
independent living. Through “Fresh Start”, we are looking
forward to providing these young adults with not only their
baskets, but with money that might enable them to
participate in extra curricular activities and in some cases
enable some of them to stay in school until they are able to
graduate.
For information about joining National Council of
Jewish Women, please call Rhoda Goldstein at 268-
8124, Karen Morse at 886-2880 or Elissa Vining at
880-4094.
2005-06 Officers & Board
Chapter
Nurses & HCP Council
Shir Li
Tikva
Yamit
Jodi Seitlin
Shoshana Haas and
Carol Matoren
Ana Butensky and Tammy Shuman
Renee Gordon
Linda Pomerantz
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah Board:
Fundraising VPs Linda Bloom and Wendy Pozin
Membership VP
Education VP
Treasurer/Chai Luncheon
Records Administrator
Corresponding Sec.
Recording Sec.
Parliamentarian
Godparents Cochairs
Bulletin Chair
Bulletin Advisor/Past Pres.
Advisors/Past Pres.
Lynn Maiman
Claudia Baker
Evelyn Moskovitz
Etta Fialkow
Robin Allerding
Randi Rogozinski
Jodi Leach
Cathy Goldman and
Jackie Goldman
Elissa Vining
Janis Dorman
Tricia Bettman
Barbara Schneider
Regional Hadassah Board:
Programming VP
Keeper of the Gate
Tricia Bettman
Rhoda Kagan
