33
Special Events
Dedication of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
More than 500 people gathered on Sunday, January 30, at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center to celebrate a community milestone, the
naming of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, the cornerstone of the
Above & Beyond Endowment Campaign.
The program included a musical interlude by the Day School
Choir, as well as messages from Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner,
Rabbi Dov Kentof, Principal Willard Kennedy and others.
Bruce Horovitz, Center Executive Director, presented a plaque from
the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism as a tribute to the
Martin J. Gottlieb School and its tradition of educational excellence. A
luncheon reception by Margo’s Catering followed.
The naming of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is a
fitting memorial to Marty Gottlieb, philanthropist, community leader and Day
School graduate. His parents, Mel & Debbie Gottlieb, are longtime supporters of the
Day School. Because Jewish education was also important to Marty & Shari Gottlieb,
they enrolled their own children, Hana and Noah, in
the Day School, as well.
Founded in 1961, and first known as the Foundation
School, the Solomon Schechter Day School of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center is the first step in
preparing our children for their religious role in
Jewish life as well as their role as successful and
contributing members of our society.
The school began with one first grade class. As the
need arose, more classes were added until, in 1970, the school increased to a full six-
year elementary program. By 2002, a complete Middle School program had been
added.
Today, the school has a total enrollment of more than 160 in programs and classes
ranging from Kindergarten through the Eighth Grade. The school offers an
integrated curriculum of Judaic experiences, Hebrew language and General Studies
- all aimed at creating informed, intelligent American Jews, cognizant of their
history and heritage and proud of their tradition and values.
Martin J. Gottlieb grew up
around the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. He began his
education at the Center’s
Solomon Schechter Day
School from which he
graduated in 1984. He
became a Bar Mitzvah on our
pulpit, and participated in
teen activities. This
synagogue, this school, this
community, were precious to
Marty, a sentiment he learned
from his parents, Mel &
Debbie.
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School will continue a tradition of excellence as an
accredited Solomon Schechter School, offering an advanced Judaic Studies
curriculum, as well as a superior and fully accredited General Studies education.
