206
Community Agencies
JCA
2005-06
Executive Board
Kenneth B. Jacobs
President
David Miller
Vice President
Randy Kammer
Vice President
Steve Sherman
Vice President
Rori Stevens
Vice President
Nancy Perlman
Secretary
Andy Cantor
Treasurer
Jan Lipsky
Assist. Secretary/
Treasurer
Robin Bass
Member at Large
Katie Kight
Member at Large
Marjorie Serkin
Member at Large
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
Ernest Brodsky
Past President
¿ £)ew'ic¿ (X.
Jewish Community Alliance
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
Our Jewish identity is important. The JCA seeks to create a positive and affirming
environment of Jewish culture and heritage. We strive to welcome all and share our Jewish
traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life, culture, and
community (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish community (3) enhance the
quality of life for all segments of the community and (4) strengthen family life. The JCA
fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality programs for people of all
ages including: childcare and family programs, fitness and recreational facilities and
activities, Jewish education, culture and arts programs, and by providing a place for family,
“neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other local
synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and celebrations.
New classes and programs are always being added to meet the diverse interests of our
members. We serve the Jacksonville Jewish community with programs like the NAEYC
accredited Gan Yeladim preschool and kindergarten, after school care for elementary age
youth, the Challenge Program, Yiddish for Fun, adult Torah study group, classical music
appreciation, pottery classes, children’s birthday parties, yoga, pilates, aerobics, Middle
School Night Out, Great Books discussion group, swim instruction, gymnastics, swim team,
tennis teams and clinics, aqua aerobics, youth, teen and men’s basketball leagues, Parent
Central program, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer program, Theatre of Youth, summer camp
accredited by the American Camping Association and so much more . . .
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to be a part
of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to all. Come by
for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs - after all, the JCA is Where You Belong!
Shalom!
I to r: Alice Sherman, president, and
Betty Abisch, president elect
River Garden Auxiliary
In 1922 a handful of women formed
the Ladies Hebrew Home Sheltering
Aid Society. ” who knew” that in
2004 we would have 546 resident at
any given time. River Garden is not
only a place to do good, but to feel
good. Walk our halls and have that
experience. Join our auxiliary and
share that experience. Our auxiliary
raised 50 thousand dollars last year
because of your help, so thanks again.
—River Garden Auxiliary Officers -
2005-2006
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P:
Membership V.P:
Treasurer:
Alice Sherman
Betty Abisch
Marilyn Datz
Marlene Sussman
Nancy Mizrahi
Recording Secretary: Shirley Bielski
Financial Secretary: Vivian Kaplan
— Alice Sherman , Auxiliary President
