101
Religious School Simchas
Confirmation Class of 5765
6 & 7 Sivan • June 12 - 14, 2005
Shavuot commemorates the giving of the Torah and Ten Commandments to the Jewish
people. It is fitting that the festival should be celebrated with the accompanying sense
of commitment to Jewish life that Confirmation represents. Confirmands demonstrated
the knowledge they have gained through completion of the Beit Midrash (Hebrew High)
program by fully participating in Shavuot services. In addition, students read essays
they prepared on the theme “Standing at Sinai; Communal Revelation and Personal
Meaning.” Among the presentations, Center Sisterhood gave each participant a booklet
of mazel tov greetings from members of the congregation. The Center Men’s Club
presented a Kiddush cup to each confirmand.
2005 Confirmands pictured with their teacher, Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, and
Ba’al Tefilah, Yitzhak Ben-Moshe: Jordon Allerding, Jeremy Bailys,
Aaron Blankstein, Julie Fixel, Josh Fleet, Erika Goodfarb, Genna Gusak,
Sarah Hunter, Kirill Leonov, Michael Meisel, Jonathan Mizrahi,
Hallie Morris, Ashley Osterer, Risa Portnoy, Zachary Pozin, Sara Richman,
David Richter, Laura Rogozinski, Rachel Schemer, Jamie Talpalar,
Andrew Vining, Danya Weltman, Ben Whitman.
Beit Midrash
Jacksonville Community Hebrew High School
The Beit Midrash, Hebrew High School, program involves 8th - 12th grade students
throughout the community. Literature, Hebrew, Israel, Jewish Community, Jewish
Education, Jewish Ethics and Values, Jewish History, Judaic Studies and Texts are
among the topics taught. Classes meet Wednesday evenings from 7-9 p.m.
For more information visit our website at www.beitmidrashjax org.
or call Meredith Dragon at 448-5000.
The Center Religious School thanks Beit Midrash student, Jon Mizrahi, for his
continued participation as a volunteer tutor. This coming year, other promising
students will take part in the Student Teacher program
under the Galinsky Educational Programs
Jon Mizrahi tutored students
preparing for Bar Mitzvah.
