119
Scouting
Boy Scout Troop 14
The scouts of Troop 14 continued the scouting tradition at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center with another year of outdoor adventures.
This year the troop went on campouts to Riverbend District Camporee,
Battle of Olustee civil war reenactment, Kings Bay, Georgia Nuclear
Submarine Base and a week of camping at Boy Scouts of America’s Camp
Thunder in Georgia.
Scouts from Troop 14 also participated in BSA High Adventure Camps.
Eddie Norton and Sam Schwartz spent a week at Sea Base, sailing a 72’
schooner in the Bahamas. Andrew Vining and Kyle Vining spent three
weeks at Philmont Scout Ranch in Cimarron, New Mexico, backpacking
through the mountains. Eddie Norton, Michael Epstein, Adam Schwartz
and Sam Schwartz spent two weeks representing North Florida Boy Scout
Council at the 2005 National Boy Scout Jamboree, with 40,000 scouts from
around the world.
All the scouts made great strides in advancement this year.
Michael Epstein, son of David Epstein, Eddie Norton, son of Missy & Karl
Frisch, Kyle Vining, son of Elissa & Scott Vining and Joseph Yarish, son of
Paul Yarish, earned Boy Scouting’s highest honor, the rank of Eagle.
Troop 14 looks forward to continuing its proud tradition of providing Jewish
youth with a Boy Scouting experience. If you enjoy camping, sports and a
variety of outdoor activities, and are between the ages of 11 and 18, we
invite you to attend our meetings at the Center on Thursday nights. The
troop also welcomes participation from adults interested in providing
leadership assistance.
For more information, call me at 268-8717.
— Louis Schwartz,
Scoutmaster
The Eagle Badge is a goal
towards which a scout works for
many years. Fewer than two
percent of all scouts in the
United States achieve this
highest step in the
advancement program. Among
the rigorous requirements,
Eagle Scouts must earn 21
merit badges, hold leadership
positions as a Life Scout,
demonstrate high character and
complete service projects.
Shown above 1 to r: Joseph
Yarish planned a party for
clients of River Region Human
Services. Kyle Vining built and
hung bat shelters in the wooded
area of the Center for the
purposes of insect control.
Michael Epstein, renovated a
storage building at the Center
campground. Eddie Norton
made photo I.D. cards with
fingerprints of Day School
students.
