27
Special Events
Simhat Torah Honorees
On Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and begin anew.
Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. An ancient
tradition evolved of honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last reading, Hatan
Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In our synagogue tradition, we also honor the
contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil , “Woman of Valor”.
Our Hatan Torah
William Rose is a quiet, modest man, but his presence behind the scenes at the Center
has a major impact on our congregation. The High Holidays are enhanced immeasurably by his dedicated
participation. It is William who annually puts the appropriate prayer books at every one of the 2000
seats set for the season. Like magic, the prayerbooks change from Shabbat siddur to High Holiday mahzor
and back again for each service. The Center never had a more devoted shamis.
Born in Jacksonville, William attended Hebrew school and joined youth groups
that met at the Center. He earned the rank of Eagle and is a member of the Order of the Arrow.
As a young adult, he was Assistant Scout Master for Troop 14. Upon graduation from Andrew Jackson
High School, William enlisted in the U.S. Navy and served in the Pacific during World War II.
William returned to Jacksonville to work in the family grocery business. In 1951, he married Betty Sager
and soon had two daughters. After a long and successful career in wholesale foods, William retired and
began working harder than ever volunteering for a myriad of tasks at the Center, as well as providing
transportation for the elderly and disabled for the Jewish Healing Network.
Mazel tov to William and Betty, daughters, Margaret and Allison,
granddaughter, Rachel, and all the members of his loving family.
Our Hatan Bereshit
Jack Mizrahi continues the long tradition of synagogue leadership and devotion to Jewish education
that was begun by his grandfather, Salim Mizrahi. The Sefardic Torah in our aron kodesh bears the family
name, a testament to their unswerving loyalty to Judaism and the Jacksonville Jewish Center. A sterling
example, Jack has a deep love of Hebrew learning, a dedication to religious practice, well developed
pulpit skills and solid administrative abilities. His strong moral compass directs his participation in a
variety of roles to the betterment of the congregation.
From Kindergarten through Confirmation, Jack earned honors from Center schools. A youth leader, he
was USY chapter president, SE Region USY vice president, went on Israel Pilgrimage and received the
SE Region Scholarship Award. As a Boy Scout of Troop 14, Jack received the Ner Tamid Award.
A graduate of Wolfson High, Jack attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he received a degree
in Economics from the Wharton School, He worked his way up the ladder in his family’s
ladies apparel business, and now is president of his own Ridgefield Corporation.
Jack has always found time for his family and of course Jewish education. He has taught Sunday School
and Beit Midrash, served on the Center Board and committees, has been a Minyan Captain
since 1987 and worked tirelessly on many community advisory committees.
Mazel tov to Jack & Nancy, their children Sara, Dena, Jonathan and Debra, and the entire Mizrahi family.
Our Woman of Valor
Jeanine Rogozinski is a powerhouse of energy, enthusiasm and determination. Blessed
with beauty and brains, she makes every endeavor a complete success - and in high heels. “No” is not in
her vocabulary. She answers the call to volunteer with “when can I start.” Enlisting the aid of others is
easy for Jeanine. Her ready smile and upbeat personality make it impossible to say “no” to her. Best of
all, she applies all of her talents in service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Add to the list loving wife
and mother, devoted family member, synagogue and civic leader and you have our Woman of Valor.
Born in Dallas, Texas, Jeanine has taken up the challenge of leadership set by her parents in their own
congregation. She is immediate past president of Center Sisterhood, served as VP of Ways & Means and
Programming, and chaired numerous committees and events. She received the Women’s League
Leadership Award. A 10-year Center Board member, she currently sits on the Executive Committee.
With a degree in marketing, Jeanine really shines when given a fund raising project to direct.
From the Day School PTAs American Flag pin program, to the 2001 Center Raffle for Education,
Jeanine has helped raise thousands of dollars for local and national charities and for Center schools
Mazel tov to Jeanine & Chaim and their children, Rachel, Erin, Jonathan and Danielle.
William Rose
Hatan Torah
Jack Mizrahi
Hatan Bereshit
Jeanine Rogozinski
Woman of Valor
