19
Committees and Organizations
2005-06 Center Choir
For over 57 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving
liturgical music. Over the years, they have given numerous
concerts featuring members of the choir, and nationally
acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have been
singing with this group for twenty years or more.
New members are always welcome.
Call Raymond Cohen 733-6979.
2005-06 Choir Members include:
Raymond Cohen, President, Lois Gosa, Debby Kaye,
Stevie Levine, Lenny Maiman, Steve Meisel,
Karen Morse, Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director,
David Organes, Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes,
David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Anita Solomon,
Steve Solomon and Rebecca Zapen.
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan , a quorum
of ten men. Only in the presence of a minyan may the Torah be
read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan
twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to
coordinate attendance.
Religious Committee
Marco Rand, Chairman
Our new rabbi is completing his first year here in
Jacksonville, and the Religious Committee is proud to
continue working with him to enhance our synagogue’s
religious life. Rabbi Lubliner has been an
inspiration to us all since his arrival, and we have
learned a great deal from him about the daily practice
of Judaism. Our committee is focused on partnering
with Rabbi Lubliner to help lead our congregation
toward ever-increasing communal commitment, and
participation in the many ritual and spiritual aspects of
our faith. To that end, the Religious Committee has
restructured into working subgroups. In doing so, we
hope to better serve the congregation. Enhancement
of ritual practice, the education of our youth and the
strengthening of the daily Minyan are but a few of the
challenges that the subcommittees have undertaken, as
we learn from and work with Rabbi Lubliner.
Special thanks must go out to our Minyan Captains for
their dedication in ensuring attendance at our twice-
daily services. Bob Bossen and Fred Kupperman
have particularly taken on a lion’s share of the
responsibility for evening minyanim. I encourage other
congregants to step up and help them and all of our
captains — you’ll be glad you did! Thanks also to
our synagogue’s Chairman of the Board, Philip
Bloom, who has volunteered to take on the task of
coordinating this year’s High Holiday honors.
Religious Committee members for 5765 were:
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Larry Appel, Jack Bettman,
Abe Bielski, Fred Blum, Robert Bossen, Wendy
Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis Fleet,
Sheldon Gendzier, Ira Grann, Michael
Greenburg, Robert Handmaker, Wendy
Honigman, Joseph Honigman, Norman
Kleiman, Fred Kupperman, Jack Mizrahi,
Jeffery Morris, Marco Rand, Barbara Safer,
Eliot Safer, David Schmerer, Joseph Shacter,
Mark Shorstein, Karen Southall, Edward Tannen,
Dan Wohl, and Scott Zimmerman.
We thank those who served as minyan captains during the past
year: Jack Bettman, Robert Handmaker, Jack Mizrahi,
Fred Kupperman, David Schmerer, Russell Selevan,
Harry Shmunes, Jack Silverman, Wayne Southall,
Edward Tannen, Evan Yegelwel, David Zavon,
Sandy Zimmerman and Seem an Zimmerman.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish when
you mourn or observe yahrzeit. We owe the captains not
only our thanks, but also our participation, in order to continue
providing a minyan for each service.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week.
Call Marco Rand, Religious Committee Chair,
at 737-9761.
Shabbat/Holiday Usbers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and Festivals,
ushers help to maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves
the beauty of the service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were our ushers this year:
Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbanm, Scott Balotin,
Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris,
Carl Passen, Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman,
Sandy Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga,
David Schmerer, Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter,
Harry Shmunes, Randall Smith, Steve Solomon,
Tom Spriggs and Leon Yergin
