113
Scouting
Brownie Troop 1022
These Brownies had an amazing, funfilled year. Much of the success is
due to our dedicated mom-volunteers who always said, “No problem —
we can do it!” Thank you: Anna Cohen — assistant leader and troop
treasurer, Natalie Sandler — chorus leader, Liat Walker and Kim
Schemer are our certified camping instructors, Marcy Reindl —
certified first aide. “Yummy” thanks go to Pam Phillips and Melissa
Miller who organized the Girl Scout Cookie sale. With enthusiasm for
selling, our girls doubled their profit from the previous year. Lastly,
Heather Ferman always brings her artistic talent to share with the
troop. This year she assisted the girls in making ceramic Elijah cups.
The girls presented these as gifts to their families to use for the
Passover sedar. What a nice heirloom their future great - grandchildren
will have.
This year, the girls earned
11 “Try-its” throughout the year. Several
girls worked independently at home to
earn extra ones. One favorite Try-it was
“dancersize.” The girls not only enjoyed
learning hip new dances, but really
enjoyed learning how their bodies and
minds work together with yoga. Judy
Mizrahi was our special guest.
One patch that the Brownies are very
proud of earning is the Shabbat Patch. For
the last two years they have done projects that include challah making, havdallah
candles, and spice boxes. This year the Brownies, with the help of Chabad, made
mezuzahs from copper. They also participated in a Shabbat service as a troop. We are
looking forward, next year, not only to participating, but to leading.
Some of the girls had never experienced camping, but during a huge weekend event,
they really learned all about TEAM work. Some enjoyed it so much that they spent a
week at Girl Scout camp. We thank the older, experienced girls of Center Troop 969,
who participated with our troop in both nature hikes and overnight camping.
We had some wonderful“father/daughter” events. Bowling was a huge success and
provided the girls a rare chance to spend a morning alone with their dads and their
friends — no sharing with moms or siblings. Mid-year, the dads escorted their
daughters to a Masquerade Ball(shown below) with each daughter dressed in
a ‘magical gown’. Oh, what a night of dancing they had.
The year ended with a huge Award-Bridging Ceremony. It was
with great honor that Jackie Phillips and Hannah Gendzier
are now officially known as Junior Girl Scouts. We are
pleased that they will remain as part of our Brownie f
Troop by leading some meetings and working toward
their own junior badges. We look forward to
beginning another great year.
— Michelle Grossman,
Troop Leader
Most of the 17 Brownies of
Troop 1022 have been
together since they were
Daisys in kindergarten:
Hannah Gendzier
Sarit Sandler
Sarah Miller
Gabi Cohen
Sydney Gross
Leslie Schemer
Rachel Kessler
Mallory Harris
Jackie Phillips
Rachel Mizrahi
Rachel Walker
Shira Ferman
Eliza Israel
Sami Grossman
Erin Caplan
Rachel Reindl
Eidel Pearl
