29
Special Events
2005 Center Raffle for Education
Back to School Raffle HonoringWillard Kennedy
Most Successful in Center History
The school bell rang at 8 p.m. on Saturday, April 2, as the Center’s Annual
Raffle for Education honored retiring Day School Principal,
Willard Kennedy for his 22 years of dedicated service.
Raffle chairs, Sue & Mitch Levin and Cheryl & Jay Plotkin, and a
hardworking committee, earned an A+ for raising a record-breaking total
to benefit the Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs that provide
enhancements to all Center Schools.
Over 500 attended the delightful raffle event that included a buffet dinner of
gourmet-style, cafeteria favorites by Margo’s Catering, entertainment by
“Bread & Butter” and drawings for cash and other great prizes.
Day School teachers and staff offered their accolades to Mr. Kennedy in a
special presentation organized by Edith Horovitz, Judy Reppert and
Marjie Rogozinski. Meryl Rittenberg and Randi Rogozinski created
an inspired “memory book” filled with good wishes and precious moments
shared by parents and students spanning “The Kennedy Years.” The highlight
of the tribute program was a warm and wonderful video produced by Susan
DuBow, Kim Luellen and Todd Morse. Interviews with Day School
students yielded funny and heartwarming revelations about Mr. Kennedy and
his role as their principal.
Raffle Chairs Sue Levine (left)
and Cheryl Plotkin (right) with
“Mr. Kennedy”
The Rabbi David Gaffney Excellence in Education Award was
presented to Mr. Willard Kennedy for his visionary leadership of the Day
School, which helped mold our synagogue school of the 80s into the
first-class, educational institution that it is today.
This year’s top prize winners were: Mr. & Mrs. Brian Ansbacher, $10,000
Grand Prize; Zimmerman/Jaffe Family, $1,000 Prize; Pat & Ben Frisch
and Gottlieb Family, $500 Prize each. Dr. Dennis Lafer won the 50/50.
Special Thanks: Ardus Design Group - Ray Scott, Cathy’s Creations,
Custom Printing - Renee Berg, DeLand Entertainment, Pat Frisch,
Mimi’s, Oliv’r Twist, Sonya Morris, Reddi Arts, Joan Waitz
as well as Richard Ford, and the Center staff.
2005 Raffle
Committee
Chairs
Sue & Mitch Levine
Cheryl & Jay Plotkin
Committee
Carla Bernard
Helen DuBow
Susan DuBow
Dina Fetner
Rhoda Goldstein
Amy Goodman
Sara Gross
Risa Herman
Edith Horovitz
Kim Luellen
Michelle Margol
Todd Morse
Wendy Pozin
Andy Raitt
Judy Reppert
Meryl Rittenberg
Kim Robbins
Jeanine Rogozinski
Marjie Rogozinski
Randi Rogozinski
