7
Professionals
A Message from the Head of School and
Principal of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Education for all ages continues to be a top priority of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
I look forward to a fabulous year ahead. The focus of the Galinsky Educational
Programs will be on continued growth and retention in all of our Center schools.
We welcome Sherrie Boger as the new Director of the Early Childhood Department.
Sherrie comes to us with a wealth of experience in the field and a commitment to
meeting the needs of our young families. With our participation in the
Florida Voluntary Universal PreK program, we are able to offer tuition-free
Prekindergarten to any Jewish child. This is a strong statement of commitment to
Jewish education on the part of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Creating a seamless
transition from our Preschool into the Day School continues to be a high priority.
It is my privilege to take the role of Principal of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School.
The emphasis in the classrooms will be on meeting our students’ individual academic
needs and focusing on a cutting edge curriculum which is grounded in our educational
philosophy. Our teachers engage each student, fostering a love of learning and
discovery. It begins in the Lower School by equipping students with the tools of
critical inquiry. The Middle School is structured to meet the educational and
emotional needs of early adolescent students who are experiencing rapid physical,
intellectual and social growth. We will initiate a Junior National Honor Society, this
year, in our Middle School. With the addition of Carole Goldberg, Vice Principal of
the Lower School, Edith Horovitz, Vice Principal of the Middle School, and Suzanne
Weiss, part-time Admissions/Marketing Director, an amazing team of dedicated and
outstanding professionals will work with me towards these goals.
Judy Stoner, Ed.D.
Head of Schools and
Principal of the
Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School
Our Religious School continues to be led by Lois Tompkins who, along with her
fabulous faculty and staff, brings excitement and creativity to her program. As a
“Framework for Excellence” school, the curriculum meets the rigorous standards set
by United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism. The goal of the program is to create a
foundation for life-long Jewish learning and living. Together, we continue to
perpetuate a culture of menschlehkeit and learning that makes the Center so special.
Jewish education continues year round at our synagogue. In the summer, the Center’s
Camp Neshama offers popular programs in a uniquely Jewish atmosphere. I am proud
that a large number of our teens participate in summer programs sponsored by United
Synagogue of Conservative Judaism. Camp Ramah Darom, USY on Wheels and a
variety of Israel Pilgrimage trips offer exciting opportunities to grow Jewishly
and have a great time. Youth Groups and Scouting provide
meaningful extra curricular activities.
Emily
I applaud our many faculty members
who, over the summer, have taken workshops or
classes to advance their level of expertise in the
classroom. Our faculty recognizes that a good
teacher is a perpetual student.
On behalf of my husband and my children, I
wish you a Shana Tova U’Metukah , a Healthy
and Happy New Year. May you be inscribed in
the Book of Life.
— Dr. Judy Stoner
Quinn
Michael and Dr. Judy Stoner
