ii
Administration
Executive Director’s Message
The walls are vibrating at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. If you listen
closely. . . what you hear will be truly inspirational.
Pause for a moment and you will hear the sound of Talmud being taught on a
Monday evening. You will hear the echo of men and women davening twice
daily in the Witten Chapel. You will hear the sounds of children planning a
mitzvah project, actively engaging in the act of Tikkun 01am.
You will hear the sounds of Jewish music.
You will hear a young teen preparing for his or her Bar or Bat Mitzvah.
You will hear congregational leaders planning for the future.
Walk through our building and at any given moment, you will hear the sounds
of Jewish life. They are like no other. You will hear the sounds of compassion,
the bursts of laughter, the outreach to others and on occasion
that “still, small voice.”
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
These are the sounds that vibrate in the walls of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Don’t take them for granted. Rather, take an opportunity and come hear
them for yourself. You don’t need an appointment. We are always open.
Most important, we need to hear the sound of your voice, too. Avail yourself of
the many opportunities to experience the very best in Jewish life. Participate
in an adult education program, attend a daily minyan, pray with us on Shabbat,
coach a basketball team, volunteer to serve on a synagogue committee. Make
your voice one that vibrates in the walls of our facility.
I would personally like to thank the dedicated staff of professionals at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center who make so much possible.
Their voices too, permeate our walls.
As we approach the New Year 5766, may the shrill sound of the shofar be a
call to action to have our voices heard in the experience of Jewish life at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. May our walls continue to vibrate in the year to
come with many new sounds and many new voices.
Edith, Sam and Max join me in wishing
you a happy and healthy new year.
— Bruce Horovitz
