97
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Center Religious School
A Message from the Religious School Director
In 2004, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Religious School was designated a
“Framework for Excellence” Model 1 school by the United Synagogue of
Conservative Judaism, in recognition of exceptional academic quality.
To maintain our high standards, we continually enhance our curriculum and
programs. This year, we have focused our attention on our Hebrew
curriculum in the younger grades.
Consecration marks the beginning of a Jewish child’s formal
Hebrew education. Until now, the initiation for Religious school
students began in grade 3. Therefore, Religious School students celebrated
Consecration in 3rd grade at ages 9 and 10, along with Day School
students in 1st grade, who are ages 6 and 7.
Under the Framework for Excellence curriculum, we now begin teaching Hebrew
language and prayer in our Sunday School at a younger age,
beginning with reading readiness skills in Kindergarten. Specific skills needed for
the Consecration service will also be incorporated.
Lois Tompkins
Religious School Director
We are proud to announce that beginning this year, all students of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center will be ready to celebrate Consecration in the
1st grade. To complete the transition, students entering grades 2 and 3 in the
upcoming school term 2005-06 will also be eligible for this year’s celebration.
Youth Congregations
Meet Saturdays, 11a.m.-Noon
The restructured curriculum has many other benefits for our students.
It allows us to parallel levels a little more closely, so students who enter the
Religious School from a Jewish Day School will be able to fit into our program more
comfortably. Supplemental courses for more advanced students
will still be offered in each grade level of the afternoon school,
ensuring that all of our children are challenged and continuing to advance each
year to the best of their ability.
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
Led by Edith Horovitz
Our curriculum ensures that all students, regardless of background or style of
learning, progress at any level of Hebrew, while still enjoying the company of their
age-group, in a fun and stimulating Judaic program. Our dedicated teachers
challenge and nurture the students. Sunday Family Education events and regular
weekday assemblies establish a family connection, teaching the importance of
community, Torah and prayer. Frequent
visits from Rabbi Lubliner and other
synagogue professionals add to the
enjoyment of being a valued part of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The goal of our program is to instill a love
and understanding of our rich cultural
heritage and create a foundation for
life-long Jewish learning and living.
— Lois Tompkins
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
