13
President’s Message
It is hard to believe that a year has passed since I became the president
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. This has been an exciting and
fulfilling year for me and, I hope, for the congregation.
The dedication of our entire Center staff has enabled us to not only maintain
our busy schedule of operations, but to expand them with new programs.
I cannot express how grateful I am to Bruce Horovitz and the administrative
staff and to Richard Ford and the maintenance staff. Bruce has announced that
he is leaving his professional capacity at the Center to join his dad in business,
and we wish him well. I have selected a search committee to find a new
Executive Director with the goal of finding the very best person to continue
building on the great foundation that Bruce has given us.
Last year we began an historic, new campaign to increase our endowed funds
from approximately $3,500,000 to $10,000,000. This was initialized by the
very generous contribution from the Gottlieb Families through the naming of
the Solomon Schechter Day School in memory of Martin J. Gottlieb. This year,
our plan is to complete the Above and Beyond fundraising campaign by the end
of December. The names of the new contributors, as well as those contributors
who have increased their overall contributions to the Center, will be included
on an enhanced dedication wall. We will also have a special weekend in the
spring to thank the contributors and to dedicate the new wall.
Even though the year has gone by rapidly and very successfully, we still have
some areas to address. Planning for our future involves ideas, proposals for
programs, correcting problems, and monetary considerations. We have begun
the process to search for a second Rabbi. This will take time and funds and we
need the help of all of our congregants to make this work. Please feel free to
contact me at any time with your ideas, thoughts, or complaints.
As I said last year, we must focus on membership. Every member of the
congregation is on the membership committee, officially chaired Shirley
Bielski and Talie Zaifert. Please give our congregation a little bit of your time,
so that we can increase our membership and also provide the programs needed
by all of the members. We have the facilities, and we have the professional
staff necessary. Now we need our congregants to come forward with the ideas
and programs that you would like to become a reality.
Seeman Zimmerman
President
In closing, I must say that I have enjoyed the past year as
president and I look forward to the coming year with confidence
and enthusiasm. I want to thank my wife, Nancy, for being so
supportive, along with the rest of my family, relatives, friends,
and, most of all, our congregation. Your encouragement has
made the job much easier. I want to thank Bruce Horovitz for all
of his help and direction, and Rabbi Lubliner for his advice and
involvement in all aspects of the synagogue.
L’Shana Tova Tiketavu,
Seeman Zimmerman
