121
Recreation
Camp Neshama
We had another amazing summer at Camp Neshama!
Our camp just grew and grew every week with campers coming from all over the
United States: California, Kentucky, New Hampshire and Louisiana.
Campers were kept busy with daily activities,
special prjects, specialty camps and night
programs. Each day campers enjoyed
swimming, drama, sports, nature, Judaica,
arts & crafts, music, Israeli fun, computers
and cooking. Campers baked Hallah each
week for Shabbat with
the help of Stella Finck.
We had night swims, a
sleepover, night roller
skating and a dance.
Our Talent Show gave
campers and staff an
opportunity to shine. Color Wars was amazing. Both campers
and staff got into the act with lots of spirit and energy. The
kosher canteen provided much enjoyed snacks.
Specialty Camps were out of this world with: Adventure at
Black Creek Outfitters, Soccer, Tennis, Clown Camp,
Cheerleading, Medieval Marvels with Camp Invention,
Kosher Cooking, Bowling, Hip Hop Dance Camp, Film
Camp, Drama, Karate and Basketball. We had a blast
watching kids dance, create a movie, learn about magic and clowning, and create
catapults.
We took great field trips to play miniature golf, the Jacksonville Zoo, NAS Jax.,
the Old Florida Museum, a boat trip on the Lady St. Johns, the Alhambra Theatre,
ice skating and the Planetarium at MOSH. We had some terrific in house
activities as well, including water slides, train rides, bounce houses, obstacle
courses, petting zoos and the Neon Ninjas.
Our last two weeks of camp we spent with five amazing Israeli’s who joined us as
part of Partnership 2000 and the Jacksonville Jewish Federation. We learned
about life in Israel, music, dances, games, cooking and fun activities that brought
Israel a little closer to Jacksonville.
Pamela Maman
Camp Director
This summer was extra special because of an incredible staff. They were
dedicated, warm, funny, spirited, and hard working. Most of all, they worked
together as a unified group of young men and women who love camp.
I hope everyone will come back
next year for another wonderful
experience at Camp Neshama.
— Pamela Maman
Julie Shapiro
Camp Office Manager
