63
Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on 43rd Street and the entrance is
at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Middle School students of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School and the Etgar class of the
Religious School learn about the respectful
care of the dead, including tending of burial
sites. As a mitzvah project, the students
annually visit the Center Cemetery to clean
and care for negelected headstones. We are
proud and grateful to these children for
performing an important mitzvah.
Future plans for the cemetery include
improvements to the entrances, as well as
additional landscaping. Contributions can be
made to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations
will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Students from the Relgious School
Etgar class cleaned unattended
headstones.
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Seeman Zimmerman
Hevra Kaddisha
The Hevra Kaddisha is one of the oldest and most respected Jewish institutions.
It’s duties were so important that in early times it was one of the first
organizations formed by a new Jewish community.
This is true of the Jacksonville Hevra Kaddisha, an independent society that
serves the entire Jewish community. Dedicated to preparing the deceased with
respect and dignity, our members are some of the most dedicated and sincere
individuals in our community. They seek no reward, only the satisfaction of
performing a mitzvah that requires no “thank you.”
The Hevra Kaddisha is self-supporting and has grown in strength over the years
making it possible to serve all in need, regardless of financial means.
Members are available 24 hours a day to offer our services and comfort. One
need only contact any of our officers for assistance.
The respect, love and consideration that is afforded
individuals while living must also be given to the deceased.
Officers 2005-2006
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President/
Treasurer
Fred Kupperman
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah -
Committee Chairs
Sally Becker
Ava Axelrod
Ilse Gottlieb
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
