209
Community Organizations
American Red Magen David for Israel
Founded as a First Aid Society in 1930, Magen David Adorn
evolved into Israel’s emergency medical, disaster, ambulance
and health care network - serving 24 hours a day - every day.
Everyone in Israel looks to MDA to perform the usual tasks
carried out by Red Cross Societies throughout the world, and
then some. Within minutes, MDA’s rescue units arrive on the
scene - for medical emergencies, accidents and,
unfortunately, terrorist bombings. Trained paramedics
administer immediate help or transport the patient to a
hospital if necessary.
Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle, Shalach Manot cards and
Cards & Certificates proceeds (Naomie Bossen, 739-0151
will send them for you) have been used to help equip MDA
ambulances and First Aid Stations in the Hadera-Eiron
Region with replacement equipment, Bandaids and
Bandages. Each $1 donated to our puzzle project also helped.
If you would like to make a contribution to this fund, please
send a check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4543 Rock River Road W,
Jacksonville FL 32224; your name will go on the back of a
puzzle piece donated to a local shelter while the funds go
directly to Israel.
Our Annual Concert is scheduled for 23 October. Mark your
calendar now so you can support this important fundraising
event.
Efforts are on- going to achieve international acceptance of
our symbol that has been accepted and supported by the
American Red Cross. The International Red Cross’
acknowledgment that there is a problem might be seen as
progress.
Show your support for the State of Israel for only $25 or $200
Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh by joining
today. Mail to Mitzvah ARMDI, 3580 Pall Mall Drive #2804,
Jacksonville, FL 32257
For us it’s only a check, for them, it could mean life itself.
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University Women’s Committee is really a
misnomer, since our organization includes men in its
membership. Our primary goal is financial support for
Brandéis University 6 s educational pursuits. It connects
Brandéis, a nonsectarian university founded by the American
Jewish Community, to its members and their communities
through programs that reflect the ideals of social justice and
academic excellence.
Brandéis - Jacksonville covers a diverse range of interests.
Our Study Groups offer something for everyone, from reading
books and plays to great dining and more.
Our membership includes couples as well as singles (women
and men). We afford our members the opportunity to continue
learning, as well as the chance to just have fun. “Traveling
Gourmet” features dinners at various area restaurants. “Reel
Special,” our movie group, picks films of unusual interest,
followed by dinner and discussion. “Each year the Study
Groups change to reflect the interests of the membership.
We welcome everyone to join with us in this unique
organization. If you would like additional information, please
contact our Judy Gerson at 363-6446.
2005 - 2006 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of ARMDI
Co-Presidents: Wendy Honigman, Joan Waitz
Executive Vice President: Hana Schindler
Membership Coordinator:
Fund Raising Coordinators:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Cards/Donations:
Concert:
Outreach:
Publicity:
Raffle:
Retention:
Board:
Elisheva Shields
Madelyn Glossman
George Glossman
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Naomie Bossen
Penny Powell
Ray Hardy
Stephanie Andrew
Bonnie Hardy
Joann Arinsberg, Gert Bernhardt
Dr. Joseph Honigman , Carol &
Harvey Matorin, Leon Robins, Dr. Andrew Sauer
Emeritus Board: Ilse Gottlieb,
Drs. Olga & Chiel Wind
2005-2006 Officers
of Brandéis University Women’s Committee
Fundraising VP:
Program VPs:
Study Group VPs:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Treasurer:
Auditors:
Directors:
Helene Gold
Gaye Feuer & Betsy Pearl
Gaye Feuer & Betsy Pearl
Leona Toppel
Judy Gerson
Gina Westton
Norma Levy
Elaine Fendell
David Sellin
David Selin, June 2005-2008
Rae Halpern, June 2004-2007
Esther Kahn, June 2003-2006
Norma Levy, Chair
Doris Gross, David Selin, Elaine Fendell, Gina Weston
Nominating Committee:
