23
Committees and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
“Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is dedicated to the enrichment of
synagogue life and the Jacksonville Jewish community. The Men’s Club provides an
opportunity for Center men to work together supporting, sponsoring, and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs,
an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. Through the support of the FJMC, we distribute hundreds of
Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles every Yom HaShoah to our congregation’s families.
This year we will again offer the successful “Hearing Men’s Voices” program, a series
of workshops dedicated to creating a forum for discussion and sharing of issues
relating to Jewish men in today’s world. Thought provoking workshops covering
family, religion, society and health will be led by experts and professionals.
We are committed to supporting Center youth with programs like the Yad Shel
Chai (Hand of Life) award that recognizes and rewards our youth for reading Torah.
We also provide gifts for the Confirmation students, and present a Kiddush cup
to all Bar and Bat Mitzvah. We support Center youth organizations by donating our
time at conventions, as well as financial resources.
Center Men’s Club has established the Horty T. Gendzier Summer
Scholarship Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend Camp Ramah
or other Jewish enrichment programs and honors the memory of Horty T. Gendzier,
who was so instrumental in the pioneering of these programs. Our annual Men’s Club
Man of the Year banquet provides the greatest contribution to the Fund, along with a
portion of membership dues. This annual “roast and toast” event, which is full of fun
and surprises, has quickly become a much anticipated part of our schedule of activities.
We are visible friends of our Center. We sell and build sukkot for our Center
families and help to decorate and maintain the Center’s Goldman Sukkah. You can
find Men’s Club members at the Center’s annual Family Picnic, grilling and serving
refreshments. We are the ushers who greet you at morning services every Shabbat and
holiday. Men’s Club members sponsor, lead and participate in Men’s Club Shabbat
and Armed Forces Shabbat, as well as co-sponsor Adult Education Sunday Seminars.
Over the years, many of our programs have earned Center Men’s Club Torch
Awards from the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs and we are actively developing
award-worthy programs for community service and other activities.
The Men’s Club is a great way for friends to have fun. We have gone on deep
sea fishing trips and had family outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball and
Barracudas ice hockey games. In the fall, we “kick off” our new year with our annual
Membership Party, featuring lunch and raffles, while we watch the Jacksonville
Jaguars play an away game on the BIG screen TV. Our recent pick-up softball games
have been a huge success, and we will keep on playing.
All this and more is waiting you if you are at least 18 years old, male, and a
member of the Jacksonville Jewish community. Join now, we need your help and
appreciate your support!
— Dave Schmerer
Proud Presidents, (l) Dave
Schmerer and (r) Mike Herring
2005-2006
Men’s Club Officers
President
David Schmerer
VP-Programming
Dan Wohl
Secretary
Ira Grann
Treasurer
Neil Gordon
Board Members
Moti Demri
Brad Herbst
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Lenny Magid
Harry Peltz
Don Romo
Jim Richman
Randall Smith
Past Presidents
Ira Grann
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
