Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
425 Newnan Street
OFFICERS
Honorary Presidents Sam Woifson
Leonard Moss
President P. N. Coleman
Vice-Presidents Mrs. Felix Glickstein
Sam Green
Robert Jacobs
J. L. Kipnis
Max Rubin
Mrs. A. E. Stein
Ben Stein
Treasurer Sam Siegel
Auditor R. M. Rieders
Executive Director Ben Stark
BEN STARK
P. N. COLEMAN
WHAT IS THE JEWISH COMMUNITY COUN¬
CIL? The Jewish Community Council is a federation of
all Jewish organizations in Jacksonville. As such, it is the
spokesman for the Jewish community and has the respon¬
sibility for carrying on activities which benefit the com¬
munity as a whole.
HOW DOES IT REPRESENT THE JEWS OF
]ACKSONVILLE? Every Jewish organization elects or
appoints its own representative to the Governing Boards,
one for each one hundred members or major fraction
thereof. These representatives then elect the officers for
their two-year term of office.
WHAT DOES THE COUNCIL DO?
1. The Council conducts the annual United Cam¬
paign. From the funds raised, some 40 agencies—local,
such as River Garden; National, including hospitals, re¬
ligious institutions, civic protective groups, etc.; and Over¬
seas, including United Jewish Appeal, etc.—receive money
and each is helped to carry on its work. Over one and a
half million dollars have been raised in the past six years
and distributed to these causes.
2. Refugee Committee. The Council brought to Jack¬
sonville some 60 individuals, representing 24 refugee fam¬
ilies and helped them to the point where all are now eco¬
nomically self-sustaining. Jobs, housing, clothing, medical
supplies, even furniture and other needs were met. Dur¬
ing the period, these families were becoming part of our
American community. A. H. Rothstein served as chair¬
man of this committee.
3. Our Armed Services Committee has continued to
arrange home hospitality and socials as well as meeting
other needs of men and women in our armed services sta¬
tioned in and about Jacksonville. Seven separate affairs
were given in co-sponsorship with other Jewish organiza¬
tions during the year, with an average of some 50 service
men and women in attendance. Ira Stein is chairman of
this committee.
4. The Public Relations Committee works throughout
the year; combatting active anti-Semitism; developing
positive programs to improve relationships between Jew
and non-Jew. Its membership includes our most able and
thoughtful people, and is representative of the entire Jew¬
ish community. Richard J. Lewinson is chairman of this
committee.
5. The Community Census, which will be ready for
publication soon, represents the work of over 125 women
volunteers, as Enumerators and a host of other volunteers
who helped in the statistical work. It will present an ac¬
curate picture of the Jewish Community of Jacksonville,
and graphically will illustrate — how many we are; who
we are; what we do and where we live. Mrs. Helen Stark,
as chairman and Mrs. William Goldman, co-chairman,
headed this phase of the Council’s program.
6. The COMMENTATOR is the monthly newspaper
put out by the Council and informs everyone what is go¬
ing on and where it is happening. It is mailed free to all
Jewish residents. The quality of this Community News¬
paper can be measured by the fact that in the past several
years it has been awarded special citations as "Best in its
field" at the General Assembly of the National Council
of Jewish Federations and Welfare Funds.
7. The Community Calendar is a service to all organ¬
izations. It lists all events going on and acts as a clearing
house, thus helping to minimize conflicts in dates between
organizations.
8. The Council maintains a complete and accurate file
of the entire Jewish community. The above is a partial
listing of what the Council does. Throughout the year, its
Presidents’ Council meets, bringing organization presi¬
dents together to discuss common problems. Almost on a
daily basis, your Council, in the name of our Jewish Com¬
munity, is represented on various non-Jewish and general
community ventures, such as Council of Social Agencies,
Community Chest, Mental Hygiene Association, Coordin¬
ating Council for Youth, etc.
The Council office is the headquarters for all Jewish
organizations. Through these many activities, it points up
to everyone the value of its motto, printed on the mast¬
head of the "Commentator’’—"SEPARATE NOT THY¬
SELF FROM THE COMMUNITY."
99
