THE JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR
EXPLANATORY NOTES
The Jewish Religious Calendar is the result of many stages of
development. In ancient times the unit of time was the month,
determined by the phases of the moon. The Hebrew Calendar was
thus lunar. However, since religious Festivals are observed annual¬
ly, the calendar soon became related also to the solar system. The
lunar month consists of 291/2 days. In seven of a 19 year cycle an
extra month is added so that the religious occasions that are ob¬
served on the same date of the lunar month will occur in proper
season, which is determined by the solar calendar. Listed below are
the months in the Jewish Religious Calendar with their corres¬
ponding dates in the general calendar.
Tishri September-October
Heshvan October-November
Kislev November-December
Tebet December-January
Shebat January-February
Adar February-March
Nisan March-April
Iyar April-May
Sivan May-June
Tammuz June-July-
Ab July-August
Elul August-September
GENERAL NOTES
In this year’s edition of the Year Book the Calendar is printed
in a new format. The month’s run according to the Civil Calendar
with the Hebrew date appearing in the lower left corner.
On Fridays and on the eve of Festivals, as well as on the
first day of Festivals, there appears the symbol, L.C. "Light
Candles.”
Rosh Hodesh, Beginning of the Month, is observed with
special prayers in the service for that day and with the Blessing
of the New Month on the Sabbath previous. When the new
moon appears in the middle of the day the outgoing month con¬
sists of 30 days and the last day is considered the first day Rosh
Hodesh for the coming month.
The Sidrah, the portion of the Torah read on Saturday,
morning, is indicated. Special Sabbaths will be explained below
under the month in which they occur.
TISHRI
Rosh Hashanah, Jewish Religious New Year.
Fast of Gedalia, commemoratets the assassination of the gov¬
ernor of Judea who attempted to restore Jewish independence
after the destruction of the First Temple by the Babylonians.
Shahbat Shuva, Sabbath of Repentance, derives its name from
the Prophetic reading, "Shuva Yisrael,” "Return, O Israel.”
Yom Kippur, Day of Atonement, is a day of fasting and
prayer, a day for confession of sin and supplication for forgive¬
ness. "For transgressions between man and God, repentance on
Yom Kippur brings atonement. For transgressions between man
and man, Yom Kippur brings no atonement until amends are
made.”
Sukkot, Tabernacles, commemoratets the period when our
forefathers dwelt in booths (Sukkot) during their wanderings
through the wilderness of Sinai.
Hoi Hamoed, Intermediate Days of the Holiday, are observed
as semi-festivals.
Hashannah Rahha, the day on which prayers with the refrain
Hosanah ("O Save Us”) is recited.
Shemini Atzeret, Eighth Day of Assembly, marks the conclu¬
sion of the fall fetstivals.
Simhat Torah, Torah Festival, is the second day of Shemini
Atzeret and celebrates the completion of the annual reading cycle
from the Five Books of Moses and the beginning of readings for
the New Year.
KISLEV
Hanukah, Feast of Dedication, commemorates the rededica¬
tion of the Temple by the Maccabees in 163 B.C.E. The Mac-
cabean triumph over Syrian forces was the first victory for a
people’s right to the freedom of worship. Lights are kindled in
the synagogue and in the home on every one of the eight evenings.
144
TEBET
Asar ah BeTebet, Fast of the 10th of Tebet, commemorates the
betginning of the siege of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586
B.C.E. which led to the destruction of the first Temple.
SHEBAT
Hamisha Asar BeShebat, also known as Tu BeShebat, 15th
of Shebat, is Holy Land Arbor Day or New Year of the Trees.
Shabbat Shekalim, the Sabbath when every adult Jew in the
days of the Temple was reminded to pay his poll tax of a half
a shekel on the first day of Adar.
ADAR
Shabbat Zakhor. On this Sabbath before the Festival of
Purim a special portion of the Torah is read beginning with the
word "Zakhor”—"Remember Amaelk.” Haman is presumed to
have been an Amalekite.
Purim, commemorates the day w7hen, through the intervention
of Mordecai and Queen Esther, the Jews of Persia narrowly
escaped being victims of Haman’s plot to exterminate them.
Shabbat Parah. A special portion of the Bible concerning the
ashes of the red heifer is read, reminding us of the ritual purifica¬
tion by our ancestors in preparing for the Passover Festival.
Shabbat Hahodesh. A special portion of the Bible is read,
emphasizing the significance of the month of Nisan in which
Israel’s great deliverance occured.
NISAN
Shabbat Hagadol, the Sabbath which precedes the great Festi¬
val of Passover, derives its name from the Haftorah which con¬
tains a reference to the "Great Day of the Lord.”
Pesah, Passover, celebrates Israel’s deliverance from Egyptian
bondage. The festival lasts eight days during which matzot are
eaten in the place of leavened bread. The celebration of the
Passover with the beautiful ceremony of the Seder on the first
and second evenings has fostered by Jewish people the ideals of
liberty and freedom.
IYAR
Yom Ha’atzma’ut. The new State of Israel declared its in¬
dependence on May 14, 1948, which was the 5th of Iyar accord¬
ing to the Hebrew calendar.
Lag B’ Omer, the date of a victory by Bar Kokhba in the final
Jewish struggle against the Romans. He was supported by the
sage Rabbi Akiba and his disciples. It is known as "The Scholars
Festival” and marked by field day outings.
SIVAN
Shavuot, Feast of Weeks, completes 7 weeks from the second
day of Passover on which the Omer (a measure) of the new
barley was brought to the Temple. It was also the day when
Bikkurim (first fruits) were presented. Tradition assigned to
Shavuot commemoration of the Covenant established at Sinai be¬
tween God and Israel and the giving of the Ten Commandments.
TAMMUZ
Shivah Asar Be’Tamuz, Fast of the 17th of Tammuz, that
commemorates the breach in the walls of Jerutsalem by the Baby¬
lonians in the year 586 B.C.E.
Ab
Shabbat Hazon, precedes Tisha B’Ab derives its name from
the first words of the Haftorah "Hazon”—the vision of Isaiah,
which foretells the destruction of Jerusalem.
Tisha B’Ab, the Ninth Day of Ab, is a fast day which marks
the destruction of the First Temple in Jerusalem by the Babylon¬
ians (585 B.C.E.) and also of the Second Temple by the Romans
(70 C.E.)
Shabbat Nahamu, Sabbath of Consolation; the first word of the
Haftorah is "Nahamu, nahamu, Comfort ye, My People.”
ELUL
Selihot, Penitential Prayers, recited at midnight in preparation
for the holiday season, "The Great Days of Awe.”
