B’nai B’rith
MARTIN LIND
OFFICERS
President
Harry N. Nestler
Secretary
Treasurer
Warden
Chaplain
Vice Presidents
Simpson R. Walker, Jr.
Martin Lind
Arnold Mayer
Dr. Sanford Arnold
—Dr. Sidney Storch
.—Harvey Freedman
Alex E. Schubb
The goal of A. B. Weil Lodge No. 800 for the com- The local chapter will be guided by national directives
ing year will be to strengthen and increase its member- from the Supreme Lodge for its service activities, which
ship in close cooperation with the B’nai B’rith Women’s include the B’nai B’rith Youth Organizations, Hillel Foun-
chapter. dation, Veterans and Armed Services Programs, and the
Business meetings will be held once a month, and the Anti Defamation League.
Social Luncheon meetings twice a month. The evening All men of Jewish faith are invited to join in this
meetings will have a short business session followed by worthy work,
a cultural and social program with outstanding events
planned.
B’nai B rith Women
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Shoustis David
1st Vice President Mrs. Joe P. Safer
2nd Vice President Mrs. Saul L. Zavon
Treasurer Mrs. Sam Lazarus
Financial Secretary Mrs. William L. Tobias
Recording Secretary Mrs. Lennie Helman
Corresponding Secretary .Mrs. Theodore Hart
Counselor Mrs. Ben Rosenfield §
Publicity - - - Mrs- Norman H. Kristal MRS. SHOUSTIS DAVID
The B’nai B’rith Women’s Chapter continues to keep
its place as one of the most prominent organizations in
this city. Through a strong and active membership we
will accomplish our tasks and services for those in need,
locally, nationally and in foreign countries.
Our program consists of helping to support our Na¬
tional B’nai B’rith projects, such as the Hillel Foundations,
its Youth Organizations, the Children’s Hospital in Israel,
the Jewish National Hospital in Hot Springs, Arkansas,
which is dedicated to the cure of arthritis, B’nai B’rith Ser¬
vice Clinic for the convenience of visitors and patients at
Mayo Brothers Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, the all im¬
portant Anti-Defamation League, and cultural interests of
which may members avail themselves.
Our record for participation in local activities has been
highly commended. We will endeavor to continue this
work in forthcoming campaigns for such worthy causes
as the Heart Fund, Cerebral Palsy, T.B. Sales, Muscular
Distrophy and other worthwhile projects which call upon
us for assistance.
B’nai B’rith Women invite the Jewish women of this
community to identify themselves with this wonderful and
powerful organization, and contribute to its ideals and
concrete expressions of good will towards others.
NEW WAY
POULTRY MARKET
Compliments of
324 Broad Street
2225 Lewis Street
BUCCANEER MFG. CO., INC.
Phone 4-0191
Phone 7-8402
38 Sixth Avenue Brooklyn, N.Y.
116
