Sunday Religious School:
Sunday mornings, 10 to 12; Pre-Kindergarten through 10th Grade, Con¬
firmation Class. 18 teachers. 476 pupils.
junior Congregation:
Sabbath and Festival mornings at 10 o’clock.
Youth Services:
Sabbath and Festival mornings at 10 o’clock for pupils above the 8th
Grade. The worship is in the Synagogue.
Minyan Club:
Sunday mornings at 8:45 for boys of Bar Mitzvah age. Breakfast served
at conclusion of the service by the Center Men’s Club.
Adult Courses:
Institutes on specific subjects are arranged in convenient units of study.
Last year we also offered "The Story of Conservative Judaism’’ in a series
of 5 lectures. For the coming year we are negotiating to bring the "Living
Book Series.’’
(see the section devoted to each in this Year Book)
Sisterhood, Men's Club, Couples Club, Mr. and Mrs. Club.
and Activities Young People’s League - young adults, above age 18.
Center Youth League (U.S.Y.) - teen-agers.
Scouting:
Boy Scouts and Cub Pack
Girl Scouts and Brownies
Athletics:
Programs for youth and adults, men and women.
Social Events:
Scheduled by the various organizations on special occasions or in connec¬
tion with regular worship and meetings.
Community Service:
The Center’s facilities are available not only for the celebration of per¬
sonal events, such as weddings, and Bar or Bas Mitzvahs, but are also used
by youth and adult organizations.
Center Bulletin:
The Center "Bulletin" appears weekly during the active season and is
mailed to our membership and to interested persons whose names and
addresses are submitted to the office.
Center Year Book:
For a fuller description of the Center program and activities, the Center
Year Book published annually on the eve of Rosh Hashanah offers a bird’s
eye view of events for the preceding 12 month period, vital statistics of the
membership, Hebrew Religious Calendar for the coming year, directory of
membership, exchange of New Year’s greetings, directory of community
organizations and other departments.
Know Your
Center
(Continued)
Affiliated Organizations
9
