President And Chairman Of The Board
ROBERT J. GORDON, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
In the name of the officers and members of the Board, I
extend greetings to all of our members with the traditional bles¬
sing for a Happy New Year, Le Shariah Tovah Tiketevu.
"May we be privileged to achieve in 5714 the goals for a
greater Synagogue that will ever bring us profound inspiration."
The above is an excerpt from last year’s greetings to our
congregation from your president, Philip Selber.
The response from our membership during the year was very
inspiring and far exceeded the fondest hopes of our president.
We invite you to take a "Cooks Tour" of the Synagogue at
your earliest convenience. You will be agreeably surprised and
delighted, its quite possible you might also be profoundly in¬
spired.
The progress made thus far represents the expenditure of all
funds contributed to date. When additional funds are available
we can proceed to finish the job in very short order.
We want each and every member of our congregation to
share in the personal joy and pride of having contributed to¬
ward the beautification of your Synagogue. During the coming
year you will be given an opportunity to participate. Should
we inadvertently overlook you, please be advised we will accept
unsolicited, voluntary contributions at any time. There are ab¬
solutely no restrictions to this liberal and unprecedented offer.
To those of our members who have not as yet paid their
pledges, I respectfully submit the following New Year’s resolu¬
tion for their careful consideration.
"I hereby pledge to pay my pledge promptly."
Our Synagogue has had many occasions on the beginning of
a New Year to picture the year ahead as "a critical one" or "a
year of destiny," but never has it had the occasion to stand on
the threshold of a year with greater opportunity or greater
promise than now.
The year 5715 should witness the crowning climax to a
building program which has now extended over some eleven
years. In the year ahead the congregation should dedicate its
new Ark and Pulpit, complete the Synagogue lobbies and install
the elevator, leaving only the renovation of the class rooms and
the first floor of the original building for future attention. With
the dedication of our new Synagogue the opportunity for the
spiritual rededication of our membership presents a real and
tremendous challenge.
In the field of Jewish education too, we find ourselves on
the threshold of a year to which we have long pointed. We
begin the school year in our Hebrew School, Daily Kindergarten,
and Sunday Religious School with the finest staff of teachers in
the entire history of this community. The ceremony of Bas
Mitzvah has come of age to the extent that the number of girls
participating this year will almost approximate the number of
boys who will become Bar Mitzvah.
We have now reached the vantage point in Jewish education
in Jacksonville, where for the first time we are given an even
chance for success in meeting the challenge to devise an educa¬
tional system capable of insuring a meaningful Jewish survival.
We cannot fail this opportunity.
May our congregation meet these challenges with the inspira¬
tion and the determination to acquit themselves well.
PHILIP SELBER, PRESIDENT
21
