OFFICERS
Aleph Godol (President)
Aleph S'gan (1st Vice President)
Aleph S'gan (2nd Vice President)
Aleph Mazkir (Corresponding Secretary)....
Aleph Mazkir (Recording Secretary)...
Aleph Gizbor (Treasurer)
Sweetheart
Advisor
Zadik Aleph
Herman Paul
Herbert Wolfson
Murray Rubens
Gerald Friedman
Arnold Resnick
....Morris Rosenzweig
Marlene Safer
Mr. David Weinstein
HERMAN PAUL
Aleph Zadik Aleph, the junior order of B’nai B’rith, in 1953-
54 had another banner year. It has fully carried out its Eive-Fold-
and-Full Program of religious, community service, cultural, social
and athletic activities.
A.Z.A. sponsored its annual Sabbath and held many inter¬
chapter programs on famous Jewish men and on the various re¬
ligious holidays. The main community service project was a Pesah
party at the Hebrew Home for the Aged. Refreshments were
served followed by a community sing and a few piano selections
by Mrs. Milton Dobrin. Debates, discussions, and oratory con¬
tests highlighted the chapter cultural program. Morris Rosen¬
zweig represented the local chapter at the regional convention in
oratory and discussion. Winning the discussion contest, he repre¬
sented the Florida Region at the District 5 convention in Hender¬
sonville, N. C.
Miss Linda Lovitz, outgoing chapter Sweetheart and reigning
Florida Regional Sweetheart, maintained the chapter motto of a
social-a-month. Included in the socials were a successful hayride,
beach party, and semi-formal dance. Inter-chapter bowling and
ping-pong tournaments as well as a 45-39 basketball victory over
the arch-rival Esquire Club highlighted a successful athletic pro¬
gram.
Last December A..ZA. played host to the annual Florida Re¬
gional Convention. Over 200 B’nai B’rith Youth attended. This
convention was acclaimed the greatest ever and was a credit to the
chairman, Frank Resnick. The local chapter won the state basket¬
ball championship and journeyed to Baltimore, Md., for the Dis¬
trict 5 playoffs only to lose in the semi-finals.
The 13th annual minstrel closed one of the most successful
years in A.Z.A.’s history. A portion of the proceeds was given to
the Leo N. Levi Arthritic and Rheumatic Hospital in Hot Springs,
Arkansas.
A.Z.A.’s success the past year can be credited to our wonder¬
ful advisor, David Weinstein, whose guidance inspired all of our
members. The entire chapter also wishes to thank the Jewish
Center, its staff, and the Jewish Community for its splendid co¬
operation and extends to everyone a Happy New Year.
B’nai B’rith Girls
OFFICERS
President
Vice President
Recording Secretary.......
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Historian
Parliamentarian
Sergeant at Arms
Eunice Price
Margo Pilton
..Raila Michelson
....Marilyn Setzer
Barbara Weil
Zelda Berkowitz
....Helaine Pilton
Phyllis Metz
EUNICE PRICE
B.B.G. is an organization for girls between the ages of 13
and 18. The new members become "Mits” (member in training)
until they are well enough acquainted with B’nai B’rith to become
members.
B.B.G.’s program is seven fold: cultural, religious, inter-faith,
community service, social activities, athletics, B’nai B’rith coopera¬
tion. Each member must take part in all phases of the program.
Community service will be one of our major projects this year.
B.B.G. is planning a toy lending library for under privileged
children, which will be operated from the Public Library on
Adams Street. Another phase of our program in which we plan
to be very active is inter-faith, inwhich we will work very closely
with the Anti-Defamation League. We hope this will help make
our community a better one in which to live.
B.B.G. is the sister organization of A.Z.A. and we work
closely together to help carry out our respective programs.
Girls entering our chapter will find friendship and good fel¬
lowship and have the assurance that wherever she goes she will
always find a B.B.G.
117
