Boy Scouts of
America
MANUEL GOLDSTEIN
Chairman
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 1954
Chairman Manny Goldstein
Advisor Rabbi S. A. Tofield
Committee
Sam J. Fishier
Dr. Carl Hackel
Julius Levin
Benjamin L. Ribak
Bernard Selevan
Herbert M. Smullian
Martin Weiss
Ben Greenwald
Abe Levin
Norman E. Moss
Morty Rosenkranz
Harris T. Shafton
Chas. S. Hollander
Meyer Weiss
Institutional Representative... Joseph P. Safer
Neighborhood Commissioner ....Dave Barnett
Scoutmaster ...Bernard G. Glossman
Asst Scoutmaster Mort Benjamin
Ass't Scoutmaster Marshall Grauer
Explorer Advisor Abe Diamond
BERNARD GLOSSMAN
Scoutmaster
1954 has been a year of intensified activity in Scouting lore, prac¬
tices and skills, with the result that at mid-summer the membership of
Troop 14 is divided into the following categories: 2 Life Scouts, 9 Star
Scouts, 5 First Class Scouts, 1 Second Class Scout and 5 Tenderfoot
Scouts. Scoutmaster Glossman ventures the prediction that this year the
Troop will add one or more Eagles to their roster.
This year’s annual Scout Sabbath saw a Ner Tamid Award for
Reverence presented to Gene Shafton and Aleph Awards presented to
Herbert Fishier and Stephen Freedman. George Glossman received the
Ner Tamid Award during his Bar Mitzvah celebration on April 9th.
Troop 14 was represented by three patrols in the District Camporee
on St. Marys’ River and not only won three A ratings, but was adjudged
the best Troop at the Camporee.
The Troop’s part in the Scout Exposition consisted of a display of
the Merit Badge for Citizenship in the Community, for which it received
top honors. In order to assist the North Florida Council in publicizing
the Exposition, Scouts of Troop 14 made appearances at various civic
and social organizations and gave several radio and television broadcasts.
This year’s Charter Presentation was held jointly with the Cub Pack
and featured a reunion of all graduates of Troop 14. Award winners for
the Troop were as follows: Gene Shafton, Best Scout of the year; George
Glossman, Best Recruiter; and Eddie Robin, Highest personal advance¬
ment.
This year Troop 14 again enjoyed the use of the indoor swimming
pool at the Naval Air Station, under the expert tutelage of Mr. Frank
Woloszynowski. The Troop is greatly indebted to Mr. Woloszynowski,
not only for his excellent swimming instruction, but for character build¬
ing as well.
This year’s sojourn at Camp Eckokotee saw Ronnie Levin inducted
in the Order of the Arrow, National Society of Scouts and Explorers
Honor Campers.
For the first time in its history, Troop 14 had three representatives
on this year’s Philmont Expedition. If the enthusiastic and glowing re¬
ports that Gene Shafton, Mark Greenwald and Hebert Gordon brought
back are any criterion, this may well become an annual event.
In recounting the story of Troop 14 in this year 1954, we would be
very derelict in our duty to honesty and justice should we fail to recog¬
nize the services of the Troop Committee, under the resourceful and in¬
spiring leadership of the Chairman, Manny Goldstein, and the outstanding
services rendered the Troop by its Scoutmaster, Bernard Glossman.
The soil has been tilled, the seed has been planted and God willing,
before long, we shall have fruit.
Upper Left: Troop 14, Committee Members Upper Right: Troop at Charter Presentation Banquet
Loiver Left: Shafton Ner Tamid Presentation Lower Right: Glossman Ner Tamid Presentation.
49
