Message delivered at the United Synagogue Convention,
Miami Beach, Fla., November 17, 1953
Friends:
I bring you felicitations from the Synagogue Council
of America, in behalf of its president, my friend and es¬
teemed colleague, Dr. Norman Salit. He is on on shelihut
shel mitzvah, on a sacred mission to European Jewry, a
mission in which, the United Synagogue of America shares
by its membership in the Council.
With these greetings the other two wings of Ameri¬
can Jewry pay their respects to Conservative Judaism for
the notable contribution it is making towards Jewishly in¬
spired living and to religious motivation on the American
scene generally.
The commendations I bring you are prompted by an
even profounder sense of appreciation. Gratified over its
own accomplishments, dedicated to its lofty purposes,
loyal to its distinctive principles, the United Synagogue
of America yet adds zeal and fervor to the Synagogue,
through cooperation with the other Synagogue federations
in many worthy and vital undertakings.
Timely insight comes to us in the imaginative light
cast by the Midrash on the Sidrah we read this past Sab¬
bath. The Rabbis credit Jacob with rounding out the pat¬
tern of Jewish daily devotion by offering a prayer "when
the sun was set." Moreover, it occured at the site where
the sanctuary at Jerusalem was destined to rise.
■ The Patriarch’s spiritual experience, his foresight and
intense aspiration for a thriving Judaism in the future,
actually molded the program of the Synagogue for all
time to come. Stones he arranged for his protection —
three in number, according to one opinion — he treated
symbolically. Should they remain intact, it would be a
sign that his mission in history is secure. But the stones
contended with one another: "Upon me shall the righte¬
ous one rest his head." Miraculously they were fused to¬
gether, and Jacob was able to consecrate one stone to
mark the spot of his vision and devotion.
What a parable for American Jewry of today!
Divergent views are inevitable; to a degree even de¬
sirable. In this connection it is fitting that we recall the
words of our recently lamented beloved teacher, Professor
Louis Ginzberg, Zekher Zadik Livrakha, with which he
summarized a lecture before the Harvard Divinity School:
"As each man’s emotions, needs and longings must differ,
so must each man’s religion differ. Each man lives his
own religion in his own way."
DR. SANDERS A. TOFIELD
Realities of American Jewish life, however, make it
imperative that the voice of the Synagogue be heard clear¬
ly and unmistakably — with the opinion, interests and
conviction of all directions in American Judaism. If it is
true that "two simultaneous voice cannot be heard," three
voices attempting to speak for Jewish religion at the same
place at the same time, will surely go unheeded.
The dignity and earnestness of the Jewish religious
message demands opportunity for unified expression. The
Synagogue Council of America offers at least a partial
answer to frequent contentions of individual motar and
stones, "Within me shall the righteous and pious find rest
and tranquility." In the halls of government, at the diplo¬
matic conference table, in the councils of other religious
bodies, the very ideals and objectives to which the United
Synagogue stands committed are given deserved emphasis
and illucidation by the Synagogue Council.
May each congregation within the United Synagogue
of America realize the spiritual goals of the Patriarch
Jacob; unitedly within its own fold and in the company
of the other religious fellowships, help humanity attain
the glorious vision:
i
"And your eyes shall see,
And ye shall say:
The Lord is great above — and we may add, within
and beyond — the border of Israel’."
17
