Friends Of The Seminary
A Tribute To Professors Ginsberg And Marx
The late Professors Louis Ginzberg (left) and
Alexander Marx (right) examining a manuscript.
"One comes to the Seminary to associate with great men. In
the Library one finds great books but in the classroom one finds
great men." This statement made by Doctor Solomon Schecter in
1911 has been one of the underlying concepts of the Jewish
Theological Seminary through the years. As the citadel of Con¬
servative Judaism it has attracted scholars and students alike from
all parts of the world and has become one of the great intellect-/
ual centers of the Western Hemisphere. The Seminary has grad¬
uated rabbis and teachers who are learned in Judaism, its rich
heritage and traditions and concerned with the present-day appli¬
cations of Talmudic Law.
Like all other great institutions, the Seminary reflects the
creative genius of its leaders. Among these, in our time, Pro¬
fessor Louis Ginzberg and Professor Alexander Marx stood pre¬
eminent. Their passing during the course of this year, 5714,
brought grief into the lifes of all those who love Jewish tradi¬
tion and revere its great builders. In the fifty years that they
taught at the Jewish Theological Seminary they won world-wide
distinction as two of the greatest Judaica scholars of their time.
They were a rare union of T al mid Hakham, traditional sage and
scholar.
As one of the foremost authorities on the Talmud Doctor
Ginzberg was consulted by great scholars everywhere. It was in
a large measure due to his scholarship that a new dimension was
added to American Jewish life.
To his hundreds of students, colleagues and friends, Doctor
Marx was the epitome of the saintly scholar who combined wis¬
dom with righteousness. World renowned as the Director of
Libraries and Professor of History at the Seminary he succeeded
in building the largest and most valuable collection of books and
manuscripts on Jewish subjects in all of history. When Doctor
Marx was appointed Librarian in 1903, the entire Seminary Li¬
brary consisted of some 5,000 books and three manuscripts. To¬
day, the colection exceeds 155,000 volumes and 9,000 manu¬
scripts.
Professors Ginzberg and Marx truly obeyed the command:
"Rise up many disciples and make a fence around the Torah.’’
Jacksonville
Society Officers
HARRY GENDZIER
President
LEONARD MOSS
Vice President
JOE BECKER
T re¿surer
ABE SELBER
Chm, Membership Com.
97
