Cub Scout Pack 14
TROOP COMMITTEE
Chairman Louis Slott
Cuhmaster Leo Michelson
Joe E. Falis
Ben Lasris
Asst. Cubmasters
Milton Berman
Raymond Cohen
Secretary Raymond Borkson
Treasurer Milton Koegler
Committeemen
Ben Cohen Aaron Schwartz
Irving Franzblau Sid Mack
Carlton C. Miller
Chief Den Mother Mrs. Leo Michelson
Institutional Representative Joe P. Safer
LEO MICHELSON
Cubmaster
Upper: Cub Pack with Cubmaster Michelson on left, Chair¬
man Slott on right.
Lower: Committeemen B. Cohen, I. Franzblau, M. Koegler,
J. Falis, C. Miller, R. Borkson and Chief Den Mother, Mrs.
Michelson in center.
íjilliilBSiiil
ter wMm
-Ss ■.S>f;
mBBm
This past year has seen Pack 14 grow to a membership of
50 boys divided into 7 Dens serving the entire community in all
areas of town. Each Den is led by a Den Mother who serves for
a 4 month period. The Den Mothers and the Committeemen
have developed a most successful program during the past year
that proved both rewarding and fruitful in the knowledge of
Cubbing. Arts and crafts, nature study, games, story telling, com¬
munity service and various other Cub activities involved the
entire Pack in an educational and informative program this past
year.
The Pack’s activity booth at the North Florida Council’s
Scout-A-Rama at the Gator Bowl, May 7th and 8th, earned for
them a Blue Ribbon award.
At a combined Scout-Pack banquet in February, the Pack
was awarded its 15th year red ribbon for renewal of charter.
Five Cub Scouts have graduated from cubbing into Scouting
this past year, and seven more will graduate during the next year.
Many more field trips were held during the past year,
through the combined cooperation of the Den Mothers and the
Committeemen. The entire Pack visited the Standard Oil Can¬
ning plant in connection with "Black Gold" month. A day at
our local Naval Air Station was planned for the Pack by the
Public Information Department of the Navy, in celebration of
"Air Adventure Month."
A family picnic was held in March at Little Talbot Island,
starting with a 50 car motorcade from town. Fishing, ball games
and other activities were enjoyed by the whole Cub family.
Members of Cub Pack 14 won honors at Junior Congrega¬
tion and Sunday Religious School. They participated actively in
Scout Sabbath.
The year’s activities were climaxed by a star-gazing picnic
held at the City Zoo on July 29th.
Only through the whole hearted cooperation of the boys,
their parents, and the Committee, has the past year’s successful
program been accomplished. We look forward to a greater pro¬
gram during the coming year, with more boys participating in
the well rounded activities of Cub Scouting.
51
