Know Your Center
The JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER Is
“The Conservative Synagogue in Jacksonville”
Third and Silver Streets
Phone 6-1504
For over half a century the Center has provided a modern program in Jewish experience, ever increasing its
services and facilities. The current building program is described elsewhere in this book. Upon completion, with the
help of God, we shall have the most completely equipped Synagogue in the area.
We will explain what is quite obvious to our membership of long standing and list information that is already:
at the finger tips of our loyal following.
For the benefit of new members and new-comers to the city, we set forth our program in brief. We also call*
attention that the name "Center” is to be distinguished from organizations by similar names in other communities
that are primarily recreational Centers. We are a "Synagogue-Center.”
Personal Observances
Education
Religious Services
Mornings, 7:30 a.m. (8:30 on Sundays)
Evenings, at sunset (including the eves of Sabbaths and Festivals)
Sabbath and Festivals:
Evenings, 8 o’clock
Mornings: Early service, 8:30; Reading of Torah, 9:30; Musaf, 10 to 11
High Holidays:
Members and their families, service-men and out of town guests are accom¬
modated in our air-conditioned auditorium which seats 1400. (We do not
"sell seats” as the expression goes in some communities.)
Our religious leadership supplements public worship with services on per¬
sonal occasions at the Synagogue and home, such as: Circumcision, naming of
girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confirmations, Marriages,
Conversion to Judaism, Bereavement. The Cemetery Committee is in charge of
Memorial Parks located at Evergreen Avenue and Winona Drive and at 40th-
43rd Streets, East of Main Street.
(registration figures are as of the past year)
Daily Kindergarten:
Monday to Friday, 9 to 12 noon. Four teachers and assistants. 65 pupils.
Week-day Hebrew School:
(1) Primary Grades: "Play way to Hebrew,” for pupils 6 to 8 years of
age, meets Monday and Wednesday, 2:45 to 4 o’clock. 29 pupils.
(2) Elementary Grades: Boys and girls above age 8 are taught on alter¬
nate days of the week, 3:30 to 5:30 or 4 to 6. 172 pupils.
(3) Graduate class meets one afternoon and one evening a week. 12
pupils.
8
