Building Program
backed by contributions to
the Building Fund over the
past jew years has made
possible the program por¬
trayed on these pages.
On Sunday night, April 11, 1954, a large gathering of Center
members attended the Synagogue Loyalty Dinner sponsored by the
Building Fund. The occasion highlighted several distinguished fea¬
tures as shown in the series of photographs that appear above.
Guest speaker of the occasion was Charles Rosengarten of
Waterbury, Conn., president of the National United Synagogue of
America. He praised the Center’s building program and the mani¬
fold activities conducted by the Jacksonville Jewish Center thanks
to the well planned structures completed and under construction.
He also paid tribute to the guest of honor, Harry Gendzier for his
many years of activity in the national and regional United Synagogue
Organizations. The photograph in the center insert shows Mr.
Rosengarten making his address.
A citation of distinguished service was presented to Mr. Harry
Gendzier in recognition of his chairmanship of the Building Fund
committee throughout the years of fund-raising, planning and con¬
struction progress. The presentation was made by Mr. Leonard Moss,
a member of the Building Fund committee. In his response Mr.
Gendzier reaffirmed his faith in the Center Membership and leaders
to see the building program through in its final stages that are within
sight. Photograph in the upper left corner of this page is the presen¬
tation of the framed document with Mr. Rosengarten looking on.
The proposed design of the redecorated Synagogue interior,
drawn in full color, was on display. Shown on the photograph in
the upper right corner of this page is Mr. Burton I. Grossman, who
was toastmaster of the evening, with the co-chairman of the archi¬
tect’s committee, president of the Center Philip Selber and vice
president Ralph Mizrahi.
About $7,000.00 was raised in the course of the evening
towards completing the contracted obligations for the work in
progress. Photographed in the lower center of this page is the
committee actively engaged in the Building Fund Drive and in the
arrangements of the Synagogue Loyalty Dinner. Appearing from
left to right is the guest of honor, Harry Gendzier, Building Fund
treasurer, Robert J. Gordon, his assistant Sam Siegel, co-chairmen,
Ben Setzer and B. B. Yoffee.
Reservations and arrangements for the dinner were in charge
of a committee of ladies headed by Mrs. Ben Setzer as chairman
and Mrs. Hyman Selber as co-chairman.
WHAT WE HAVE ACCOMPLISHED SO FAR AND WHAT
IS STILL TO BE DONE IS SHOWN ON THE NEXT TWO
PAGES.
13
