Center Men’s Club
OFFICERS
President...
Mike Belford
Hymie Fialkow
Secretary
Treasurer
Membership Secretary
Allie Goldstein
Vice Presidents
Lewis Newman
Sam Roseriblum
Richard Hollins
Sam Bryan
...Harold Einbinder
ALLIE GOLDSTEIN
"As The Tree Shall Grow, So Shall Its Limbs.” The
Center Men’s Club has grown too, and now stands as a
strong limb on the "Center Family Tree.” The Men’s
Club, ever striving to aid the Center in attaining its edu¬
cational, cultural, social and religious goals, witnessed
one of its most successful years in 1953.
During the past year, we sponsored a scholarship for
one boy at Camp Tel Yehudah. We presented awards to
outstanding pupils in the Center’s Hebrew School and
Sunday Religious School, as well as to members of other
Center affiliated youth groups. We feel, that through
these efforts, we are furthering the development of future
leaders for the Jacksonville Jewish Community.
The sponsorship of the Minyan Club has long been a
religious activity of which we are indeed proud. This
group is composed of boys who are to be or who have
already been Bar Mitzvah. The Men’s Club arranges
transportation for the boys and act as hosts for the break¬
fast served each Sunday morning. The Men’s Club also
assists, in cooperation with the Center Sisterhood, in the
celebration of Holidays and Sunday School events.
Two of the most enjoyable events sponsored by the
Men’s Club last year were the Boat Ride and Valentine
Dance. All proceeds of these affairs were devoted to the
Men’s Club Youth Projects.
As a further service to the community, the Men’s Club
also maintains a blood bank which is contributed to by its
membership.
Looking into the future, we of the Mens’ Club pledge
ourselves to continue our endeavors to enrichen the Center
Youth Movement. We will always be ready and willing
to assist the Youth of the Center and of our community.
We will continually strive to further the strength and
Top: Portion of lead table at Membership Dinner
Bottom: Section of banquet tables at same event.
development of Jewish life in the Center and its affiliated
organizations.
Names of those who have achieved distinction in the
service of the Men’s Club are too numerous to mention.
However, those who gave of their time and effort to help
carry out the program of the Men’s Club, are justly re¬
warded in their hearts, for they know that in helping
others, they have helped themselves. Each in his own way
has helped the "Center Family Tree” bear sweeter fruit.
39
