River Garden Hebrew Home For Aged
2508 Riverside Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida
SIDNEY ENTMAN
OFFICERS
President....
1st Vice President ..
2nd Vice President
Treasurer
Secretary
Chm. Admissions Board
Medical Director
Executive Director
Honorary President
Honorary Trustee
Harry Gendzier
.Ralph Mizrahi
Joe Becker
...Irving Klepper
Albert E. Stein
Dr. Sam Witten
Dr. Sidney Stillman
Sidney Entman
Ira Stein
...Robert J. Gordon
HARRY GENDZIER
The admonition of the Fifth Commandment to hon¬
or thy father and mother has been translated through the
long years of Jewish history and tradition to honor all
Jewish fathers and mothers. In obeying this command¬
ment, we, the Jewish people of Florida, have interpreted
this concept most liberally in terms of a decent Home,
and a concern for the dignity and worth of every aged
Jewish person in need of care.
River Garden has continued during the past year its
same high standard of service, and particularly concen¬
trated its efforts on the medical program of the Home.
The many deteriorative and crippling diseases, common
in old age, tend to limit the activities of the residents, and
discourage their enjoyment of a rich and full life. The
Medical Board was challenged by these problems, and
reaffirmed our basic assumption that age itself is not a
barrier to good health or comfortable living. With this
principle as a guide, they met with enthusiasm the prob¬
lems of the deteriorative and chronic diseases. Their ef¬
forts resulted in a more comfortable life for the majority
of our residents.
The provision of a good life for our residents has
pointed up the needs of the many waiting desperately to
find such a life in the Home. Although our extension
services have provided security for some of our able resi¬
dents, the needs are definitely for infirmary facilities. Riv¬
er Garden has noted the changing character and needs of
its incoming residents and those on the waiting list. They
are older, feebler people, and require a great deal of nurs¬
ing care and attention. In addition, many are now pre¬
senting problems of personality disturbances, mental con¬
fusion as well as senility. The challenge to the Home to¬
day is to continue to work out services for these problem
aged so that they can live comfortably in a community
setting rather than to commit them to the State Hospital
for mental illness or private sanitariums.
The Executive Board of River Garden is encouraged
by the excellent results the Home has had in serving the
infirm and bedridden aged. They are also enthusiastic
about the fact that no aged Jewish person in Florida has
been committed to the State Hospital in the past 5 years.
As a result, they are planning in the new building pro¬
gram, specialized infirmary facilities to care for the senile
and mentally disturbed aged.
River Garden’s role in the community is that of a so¬
cial agency providing care and comfort to those aged
people who cannot find any other comfortable solution in
the community. By discharging its dedicated responsibil¬
ity to the Jewish communities of Florida, River Garden in¬
deed obeys the Fifth Commandment by honoring all Jew¬
ish mothers and fathers.
H. D. EBERHARDT ROOFING CO.
1854 A Centruy of Service 1954
COMMERCIAL — RESIDENTIAL
METAL WORK — SLATP — TILE
BLOCK PUBLISHING CO.
• FHA FINANCING
• FREE ESTIMATES
“The Jewish Book Concern”
1 831 Spearing St.
Phone 3-1445
31 W. 31st Street New York 1, N.Y.
101
