Jewish Welfare
LAWRENCE RACKOW
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice President...
2nd Vice President
3rd Vice President.
Treasurer
Executive Director .
Irving Klepper
Dr. Irving Diamond
Albert J. Datz
A. J. Bloom
Dave Moss
Lawrence Rackow
IRVING KLEPPER
The Jewish Welfare Society, now a multi-functional
case work agency and affiliated with the Community Chest
has been serving individuals and families in Jacksonville
with financial and counseling services for thirty-seven
years. Organized in 1917 to help the needy financially, it
became apparent after some time, as it did in communities
all over the country, that financial, inter-personal and
some psychological problems with which a case work
agency could be of assistance, occurred to people of all
economic levels and stations of life.
During the past few years, there has been a slow,
steady rise in the number of people served. This occurred
in spite of the changes in staff and fairly good economic
conditions. Part of the increase — at least for the past
year — can be attributed to the growing child welfare
orogram. The Jewish Welfare Society is still the only
icensed Jewish child placing agency in Florida. Last year
the agency placed four children in adoptive homes, had
three other children in temporary foster homes, and stud¬
ied many adoptive applications. Part, too, can be attrib¬
uted to the increased use of our counseling services for
marital problems, both of husband and wife and parent
and child.
The great majority of cases served are requests for
services that do not involve financial assistance. This is
true even though Jacksonville, because of its unique geo¬
graphical position, seasonally has a good number of re¬
quests from transients. The transients usually have short-
time requests. They are helped whenever possible with
food, lodging and, when indicated, with counseling, em¬
ployment or contact with their families.
The problems for which the local clients request assist¬
ance, like all needs, have all gradations. They vary from
minor, even trivial, to very serious. Some are simple and
clean cut, while others are complicated and enmeshed. The
same holds true, of course, for the solution, total or par¬
tial, of the problems. Arrangements may be worked out
by merely a phone call to a hospital, the filling out of a
form or it may involve hours of interviews, letter writing,
calls, and months of time. Long seated family problems
seem to respond best to regularly scheduled weekly inter¬
views. They may be held with the member of the family
who feels the need for doing something about the prob¬
lem, or with all members involved.
With all the developments of case work, there has not
yet been discovered a means that fills an empty stomach
or assures a roof over one’s head as well as money. We
have been fortunate in having a comparatively small num¬
ber of cases that need financial help. We have therefore,
been able to meet emergency needs promptly and help
families get back on their feet in a short time, to care,
over a period of years, for a number of people who are
not eligible for state assistance and to supplement the very
small income that the state provides for other families in¬
volving widows and elderly persons. It is hoped that the
state law permitting assistance for the totally incapaci¬
tated under 65 years of age, may successfully go through
the legal entanglements it is involved in, this year.
The Welfare Society works in close relationship with
the River Garden Home in processing applications and
providing case work services to the residents and their
families. The extension program, which we helped initi¬
ate and supervise, provides for people who can live out¬
side the Home and use its facilities. There is a waiting
list. With the anticipated building program for the Home,
it is believed that the number of applications will increase
even more this year.
Through funds allocated by the Jewish Community
Council and with the help of the Council of Jewish Wo¬
men, the Society helped resettle a number of families in
the city. The families are now financially self sufficient
and as a group, they are making a wholesome adjustment.
These and others, seek and secure our help with problems
of immigration, naturalization and the location of lost
relatives. This year it is hoped that five more families will
be brought over and helped to resettle.
The Society offers a limited social service program to
the prisoners at the State Prison at Raiford.
105
