The Year’s Highlights
Adult Education and United Synagogue Cooperation
"The Story of Conservative Judaism”
In cooperation with the National Academy for Adult
Jewish Studies sponsored by our national affiliates, The
Jewish Theological Seminary, Rabbinical Assembly and
United Synagogue of America, we were privileged to pre¬
sent last year a series of five lectures in January and Febru¬
ary.
Rabbi Mordecai Waxman, (photograph not available)
presented the "History and Background of Conservative
Judaism." Dr. Israel M. Goldman, (upper center) lec¬
tured on "Dialogue With God." Dr. Jacob Agus, (upper
left) spoke on "Can We Live by Jewish Law?" Dr. Ger-
shon Chertoff, (lower center) discussed "Is a United Jew¬
ish Community Possible?" Dr. Max Arzt (upper right)
spoke on "Judaism - Faith and Law."
The Center’s Institute of Jewish Studies for Adults
also presented our own Rabbi in a series of lectures on
"Holidays - The Joy and Meaning of Life." Cantor Mar-
ton led a class on "The Hebrew Prayers." Our principal,
Ted Gross, gave a course on "Bible."
For the coming season we are negotiating with the
Seminary to present here "The Living Book Series" by
some of its most prominent lecturers, who are experts in
their respective fields.
National and Regional Activities
Center delegates to the National United Synagogue
convention held in Miami Beach in November, 1953,
participated in the program and were honored with the
Solomon Schechter Award for leadership in the region.
Portrayed is the certificate being presented to Harry Gend-
zier, in the presence of Dr. Sanders A. Tofield, by Mr.
Bernath L. Jacobs, National Vice-President. The photo¬
graph in the lower corner of this page shows part of our
delegation, seated left to right: Mrs. S. A. Tofield, Mr.
Gendzier, Mrs. Joseph Hackel, Mr. Joseph Hackel; stand¬
ing, left to right, Rabbi Tofield and Philip Selber.
Center President, Philip Selber, was elected President
of the Southeast Region of the United Synagogue at its
annual conference held at Atlanta, Georgia, May 7th to
9th. This recognition came to him as a result of extensive
effort over several years in building up affiliation and ac¬
tivity within the region.
FLOWERS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
VISIT
COHEN BROS. FLOWER SHOP
RAY HALL, MGR. PHONE 6-7311
Compliments of
CONSTANCE GEORGE INTERIORS
Complete Decorating Service
1470 San Marco Blvd. Phone 98-4354
164
