/?5£
w ' V v V w
►
►
*r ^r1 v
’■y"T-
■▼"v ▼ ▼ v
"^r'^r"^ w w
THE DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
The Daughters of Israel serve in the capacity of a sisterhood to the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center, aiding the congregation financially and assisting in all
Center activities. The main purpose of the Daughters of Israel, however, is the
maintenance of the daily Hebrew school and Sunday School of the Center. By
providing every Jewish child with the opportunity to receive a Jewish religious
education, the Daughters of Israel is an important factor in the preservation and
spiritual growth of the local Jewish community.
Last year at the end of the season the Daughters of Israel gave the Center
a check for $1500.00 which helped materially in the refinancing of the Center
Building. Besides this sum of money the Daughters of Israel also contributed a
large gas stove, which considerably increased the facilities of the enlarged kitchen.
Members of the Daughters of Israel catered the delicious Purim S'oodah. A number
of current books were also donated to the Center library.
! ►
MRS. JOSEPH HACKEE, President
The outstanding events of the year were the Thanksgiving Dance with Mrs.
Sam Datz and Mrs. A. E. Selber as chairmen; The New Year’s Dinner Dance,
under the capable management of Mrs. Ben Chepnik, Ethel Joel and Mrs. A. Sager;
The Daughter’s of Israel Sabbath, The Children’s Seder, with Mrs. T. M. Schneider
as chairman and the Closing Luncheon and Installation of officers.
The Daughters of Israel also sponsored through its religious committee, under
the chairmenship of Mrs. Oscar Magezis and Mrs. Max Rubin, all the entertain¬
ments and celebrations of the Hebrew School and Sunday School, such as Simchas
Torah, Chanukah, and Purim, entertainments. The teachers of the Sunday School
were presented with gifts at the end of the school year. All brides were presented
with Jewish Cook Books. Confirmands were presented with Bibles and prayer books.
The Daughters of Israel are looking forward to a successful year of activities
under the capable leadership of Mrs. Joseph Hackel who is beginning her third
term of service.
A list of the outstanding events for the year 1936-37 is to be found in the He-
brew-English calendar included in this year book.
A-.r^- ^ ^ ^ .r#-* iirfÉh ¿tkm
Ai Ai A dfri
■A. jé*. A
JL. .A. ^
Values Unsurpassed
\n
<
<
<
<
at
H AVERTY
FURNITURE
COMPANY
317 MAIN STREET
It's Easy to Pay the Haverty Way'
Wishing All My Jewish Friends a
Happy and Prosperous New Year
JOHN T. ALSOP, Jr.
(MAYOR)
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
Season's Greetings
SOUTHERN PINE
CHEMICAL CO.
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
<
a iAi ¿hi
Iw
3*
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping the Center
