JK¡
7
yy
-y—y
'yyyyyy-yy-yy
r ▼ ▼ y * y
y y
-yy
y y y
y y y y y
y y y y y y y y
-y
y y y y
>
>
JUNIOR HADASSAH
The Junior Hadassah is the Young Women’s Zionist organization of America,
organized for the purpose of mobilizing the forces of American young Jewish
womanhood in the heoric effort of our people to effect a solution of our common
Jewish problem. We accept the premise that full-expression for our people is
difficult, if not impossible, outside of Palestine. We therefore look for a solution
of our economic, cultural and social problems to practical translation of Zionism
as embodied in the Basle program: “Zionism strives to create for the Jewish people
a publicly recognized, legally secured home in Palestine.”
Junior Hadassah’s Problem is Two=Fold:
1. Practical efforts in Palestine through the support of the model home and
school for children in Meier Shfeyah; its financal and administrative support of
the Nurses’ Training School in Jerusalem; the operation of a citrus grove at Pardess
Anna; and participation in the work of the Jewish National Fund.
2. A cultural program aimed at making Jewish life in America self conscious
and creative; to spread a knowledge of Zionism among the Jewish young women
of America so that they will be aware of the new life being created in Palestine,
hnd of its relation to Jewish life here.
In this two-fold program, there is room for every Jewish young woman in
America.
The year 5696 was for the local chapter one of the most successful years, both
socially and financially. The year was ushered in by the first annual Yom Kippur
dance held in the Center which proved to be a most successful event. The Regional
Conference which will long be remembered was one of the outstanding gatherings
bf southern Hadassah Members. Both the Senior and Junior chapters combined
forces and filled every minute of the proceedings with interest and enthusiasm.
Another important event was the visit of Miss Hannah Goldberg of Boston, national
Vice president, who inspired a large audience at the Center.
Junior Hadassah opens another year with the sincere hope that it will be more
successful than the last.
OFFICERS OF THE JUNIOR HADASSAH
Miss Molly Mizrahi President
Miss Raye Botkawsky Vice pres, and Fund Raising chairman
Miss Edith Wolfson ..... 2nd vice pres.
Miss Clara Kramer 3rd vice pres, and Membership chairman
Miss Janet Harris corresponding sec, & Jr. Sr. relations chairman
Miss Ruth Davis Recording sec.
Miss Thelma Segal Treasurer
Miss Kate Bandrimer Cultural Chairman
Miss Ruth Moed Publicity
Miss Bertha Mehlman Chairman of Donor Affair
Miss Bessie Cohen Chairman of Telephone committee
THE JACKSONVILLE ZIONIST DISTRICT
During the past year the Jacksonville Zionist District made a strategic move
for doubling its membership. The organization became affiliated with the Jewish
Progressive Society and all the latter’s members were automatically enrolled
into the ranks of Zionists.
The coming year will see many beautiful programs carried on in the meeting
room of the Progressive Society which congregates regularly and enjoys healthy
membership attendance.
During the past few years it was difficult to sponsor appropriate programs
because of the meager gatherings at regular Zionist meetings. However, by joining
with a social group the Zionist program can be carried out on a much larger
scale.
Several successful gatherings of the Zionist district took place last year when
Baruch Zuckerman, noted leader, and others lectured to the organization and ad¬
ditional guests.
OFFICERS OF THE JACKSONVILLE ZIONIST
Isadore Moscovitz President
Dr. S’am Witten : Vice-President
Nathan Newman Financial Sec’y
Harry Heyman Treasurer
Abe Diamond , Recording Sec’y
Rabbi Morris D. Margolis was chairman of the cultural committee and Morris
Scheinbaum, chairman of the Jewish National Fund committee.
Season's Greetings to Our Jewish Friends
1Cc Capitol Theatre 25c
"Always A Good Double Feature Program"
FREE PARKING LOT—Entrance East 8th Street
WATCHMAN ON DUTY EVERY NIGHT
1941 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5-0335
MEMBER OF JUNIOR HADASSAH
GLASS
For All Purposes
AUTO GLASS INSTALLED
STORE FRONT GLAZING
French Mirror Plate
Glass Company
Established 1908
717 East Bay Street
Phones
5-1571 — 5-1572
MIAMI
Patronize Home Industry
ORLANDO W. PALM BEACH
"THRU THE YEAR
11
w
i+h
EGG NOODLES
SPAGHETTI
0 *
COOKED SPAGHETTI
MACARONI
"AS A CHANGE FROM POTATOES"
Courtesy
C. J. Padgett, District Sales Manager
«i
Kindly Patronize Our Advertisers
