■W T T T T 'T T t 1 T T T T T » T ^ 'T r ■*'
▼ TT'
▼ ▼ ▼ ▼ »r
■y "r" ■»—v y ¥~
—=,—v1 %> 'r »r y '^'"v
-y-’r-v y'T'yr v v ▼ w'r~
lit
ir
i ►
Junior Congregation of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
The Center Junior Congregation was organized two years ago by Rabbi Mar-
golis and was under the supervision of Mrs. Margolis whose guidance assured
its success. The Junior Congregation holds services every Saturday morning, using
the traditional prayer book.
The service consisting of English and Hebrew readings has been arranged by
Rabbi Margolis with emphasis on the important parts of the Sabbath Morning
ritual and Congregational singing.
A secton of the weekly portion of the law is read by three children from the
English Bible, which is usually supplemented by a story told by the instructor
m charge. The congregation elects officers every six months, including a cantor,
a shames, a president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer. On the occasion of
certain holidays, the juniors hold receptions after their services, with the assistance
of the mothers. When a Bar Mitzvah ceremony takes place in the adult congre¬
gation, the juniors go to the main Synagogue for the Bar Mitzvah rites and the
concluding part of the service. ( Musaf)
The number of children attending is around forty. During Passover week
services were held on the first and last two days ,and the congregation enjoyed
an attendance of about sixty children. This year the children are being prepared
again to conduct their own services during Rosh Hashonah and Yom Kippur.
OFFICERS OF THE JUNIOR CONGREGATION
Fruma Blattner President
Louis Safer Vice President and Cantor
Ben Hof fen berg Secretary
Armand Davis, Shames
Ben Hofenberg Asst. Cantor
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER CHOIR
r Choir was organized by Rabbi Margolis 2 years ago and disting-
many ways. The choir consists of two sections, the Men’s Choir who
T 1 * 1 T T 1 1 1 , 1 -m m • i i • -« • -a a -
The Center
uished itself in
*' - %J — -- ^ ~ ~ 7 ’ T ** ~
sing during the High Holydays, and the Mixed Choir who sing during the year at
the late Friday night services. The Men’s Choir made a fine showing on Rosh
Hashonah and Yom Kippur Reading the congregational singing, and rendering
well a number of compositions.
The Mixed Choir also did admirably and helped to enhance the beauty of
several special Cabbath services. Jheir singing was especially impressive at the
joint service of the Center and the Temple, held in March.
An invitation is hereby extended to all who like to sing to join the Center Choir.
MEMBERS OF MEN’S CHOIR
Bernie Berman Meyer Leibovitz
Herbert Talisman Henry Hertzenberg
Julius Soat Irwin Slott
Hilbert Margol Howard Margol
Wilbur Margol Harold Levine
Edith Berman
Julius Mizrahi
S’alome Jacobs
Bernie Berman
Joe Mizrahi
MEMBERS OF MIXED CHOIR
Edith Weiss
Miriam Ezzes
Minnie Smith
Herbedt Talisman
Melvin Margol
Edith Wolf son
Joe Mizrahi
Raymond Cohen
Melvin Margol
Sidney Schain
Ben Hoffenberg
Sarah Berman
Fay Jacobs
Mildred Lieberman
Meyer Leibovitz
Bernard Moscovitz
F. T. E. CLUB
The F. T. E. Club is composed of young Jacksonville Jewish girls. It was
organized five years ago at the Jacksonville Jewish Center for social and charitable
purposes. During the past year, the Club experienced the most active and profit¬
able season since its organization. Many enjoyable affairs were given includnig
its annual fall and spring dances held in November and February respectively.
In honor of its June and mid-year graduates, a houseparty was held* at the Beach.
The Club has been foremost in aiding the Jewish Center and other charitable
organizations of the city.
Various affairs are geing planned for the fall and winter seasons of 193b.
which inculde the annual dance held after the Florida-Georgia football game in
November, and the Anniversary celebration which wil be held in November.
OFFICERS OF THE F. T. E. CLUB
Katherine Kass - President
Edith Levin Vice-President
Sophie Spivak Secretary
Hilda Katz Treasurer
MEMBERS OF THE F. T. E. CLUB
Beatrice Durcker—1825 Blvd.... 5-4204W Sophie Spivak—1643 Walnut 5-6114J
Sylvia Bono—2034 Pearl 5-8808J Katherine Kass—1743 Blvd 5-4464
Hannah Biscow—2057 College .... 7-563- Roselyn Silverberg—2562 College 7-4744
Rita Zoslow—2041 Blvd 3-1414W Hilda Katz—1833/ Boulevard
Mildred Rose—212 E. 6th 5-4788J Ruth Seigel—Bainbridge, Ga.
Rena Miller—2008 Perry 3-0598J Elaine Levy—Houston, Texas
Edith Levin—2260 Laura 5-5930W Annie Lakin—Brooklyn, N. Y.
Gerl rude Haimowitz—Orlando, Fla. Pearl Safer—Orlando, Fla.
Troop 14 Diamond Ball Champs
During the Diamond Ball season Troop
14 entered a team in the Boy Scout
Diamond Ball League. William Katz
was chosen as captain, and Daniel Lipson
was alternate captain. The troop won
the championship of the Diamond Ball
League with only one defeat being
chalked up against them. They rang
up double victories over Troop 29 and
Troop 6, and a single victory over Troop
19. The men that caricd Troop 14 to the
pennant were mainly William Katz,
Melvin M. Margol, Melvin O. Margol,
Simon Rothstein, Daniel Lipson and
Irvin Surasky. Although every man on
the squad helped to win games, these
were the men that did the most work.
The whole squad consisted of: Captain
William Katz, Alternate Captain Daniel
Lipson, Melvin O. Margol, Melvin M.
Margol, Simon Rothstein, Irvin S’urasky,
Alex Schneider, Bernard Sachs, Paul
Weiss, Clarence Berman, Raymond Co¬
hen, Murray Wolf son, Harvey Leitman,
William Schemer, Hilbert Margol and
Howard Margol. Wilbur Margol was
bat boy.
Best Wishes for a Happy J\[ew Year
robin’s
AM
202 Broad St.
502 Main St.
«i
A
^ A A A A A
-A.
A A A A
A. A. ^ -A
■A. A A
.A. A. A. A.
Dime Parcel and
Messenger Service
Phones 5-0941—5-0942
Sincere Wishes for a Happy New Year
Let Us Pay Your Bill, Telephone, Gas, Electric,
Water, Do Your Shopping, Etc.
CARNOT BROTHERS
WE SPECIALIZE IN DISTRIBUTION
Prompt Service Baggage Service
SEASON'S GREETINGS TO MT
ÍEWÍSH FRIENDS
Walter J. Bennett
WEATHER BUREAU
^ A A A étk A 4h i4lfc rfW .A. «Ck A A
- s?
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping the Center
