'V ^ V""?r^rV^,V'V~V^Vr"HT’V W T'T W ’^T
MR. S. SELBER
►
Mr. Simon Selber was born 59 years
/ ago in Lithuania, and lived many years
r in Pushalot, which has sent to Jackson¬
ville a considerable number of Jewish
‘ families. Mr. S'elber arrived in the
► United States in the year 1904. In 1911
► he came to Jacksonville and engaged
in the grocery business. Because of
► illness Mr. Selber was forced to retire
| in 1918 and was confined mostly to his
► home. He was a member of the B’nai
| Israel Synagogue, but did not take an
► active part in the affairs of the congre-
► gation, because of his poor health.
► In 1928 Mr. Selber became a mourner
’ and as a religious Jew he was deter-
► mined, in spite of his ill health, to ob-
► serve scrupulously the Kadish morning
| and evening. This more intimate con-
► tact with the congregation aroused in
" Mr. Selber a great interest in the mani-
► fold activities of the Jacksonville Jewish
► Center, which was built in 1927. Miracu-
' lously enough the daily exercise of
► walking to and from the Synagogue
► brought strength and energy to Mr. Sel-
► ber’s infirm body. This improvement
► in health, for which Mr. Selber was very
| grateful to God, inspired him wih the
► determination to devote all his energies
► to the Center. The Daily minyan which
| was sporadic, and met only in time of a
► members Yahrzeit, became through his
[ efforts, a permanent institution. The
, Minyan is continuing regularly to this
► day, morning and evening. Mr. S’elber
[ became an active member of the relig-
► ious committee, educational committee
” and finance commititee.
►
► Being handy with tools he was
[ general repair man whenever and
► wherever repairs were necessary. His
- annual task is the building of the Center
[ Sukkah, which he always decorates
¡ beautifully. He built a railing around
► the Center lawn, paved a walk to the
[ side entrance and supervised the en-
► largement of the Center kitchen last
year. The task for which the Center
[ membership will be ever grateful to
► him, he accomplished during hte past
' six months as a member of the Center
► Cemetery Committee. The improvements
" which he made on the Cemetery are des-
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
(Chevrah Kadishah)
The Jacksonville Center Cemetery Association is managed oy a committee of
five men elected for life, which supervises and directs all burials taking place in
the Center Cemetery, which forms part of the Evergreen Cemetery.
Last year the Center purchased the Cemetery from the Evergreen Association
and is now sole owner of the property. This change has made it'possible to make
many improvements. The addition of Mr. S’. Selber as a member of the committee
in place of Mr. D. Davis who resigned, was indeed fortunate. Mr. Selber took
charge of the difficult task of improving the grounds of the much neglected prop¬
erty. After six months of hard work Mr. Selber has transformed the Cemetery
into a beautiful park. Some of the work done by Mr. Selber during that short
period of time is as follows: He laid out and installed 800 feet of lineal water
pipe giving many convenient outlets to reach every lot in the Cemetery. City
water was brought in through these pipes. Sixty loads of black muck were de¬
posited on barren grounds. Thousands of bunches of St. Augustine grass were
planted so that every bare spot was covered. Walks were cut out around each lot
and single grave sections. Beautiful shubbery was planted in many advantageous
spots. The roads were improved. Every member of the Center who visited the
Cemetery in recent months, has expressed admiration and gratitude to Mr. Selber
for his splendid achievement. The proverbial neglect of the Center Cemetery is now
a thing of the past. We may well be proud of our beautiful cemetery.
These improvements were financed by a nominal charge of $10.00 per anum,
made to every lot owner.
Members of the Chevrah Kadishah are: Max Rubin, chairman, B. Baker, D.
Moscovitz, L. Bucholtz, and S’. Selber.
In case of emergency members are urged to communicate immediately with
Mr. Max Rubin or Mr. Dave Moscovitz
bribed in the report of the Cemetery Com¬
mittee on this page. It is hoped that
Mr. Selber will be able to carry out all
his plans to beautify the Cemetery and
will continue to supervise the upkeep
of the property for many, many years.
Mr. Selber’s family, his wife, two sons
and two daughters are all devoted to the
interest of the Center, giving their ser¬
vices to the institution at all times.
The Center membership wishes Mr.
S’elber and his family a happy and pros¬
perous year.
Harrell's Pharmacy
Corner Oak and Barrs Street
ALWAYS READY AND WAITING
TO SERVE YOU
TELEPHONE 7-5118
MONUMENTS — Granite - Marble - Bronze
Perpetuate the Memory of Your Loved Ones with a Beautiful Memorial
I specialize in designing and building artistic memorials of select materials
suited to your lot and location.
Write or Call
Suggestions illustrating your own ideas will be cheerfully furnished without
obligations
Phone 5-3659
W. F. EUDALEY
415 WEST BUILDING
Phone 3-1140
By Patronizing
Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping the Center
