►
■’T'T'^r'yT’T’T
-v—*r> ▼ t w
VV*yT*’TTTT'rTT
-v-
A iHrssaiu' from thr íR a It lit
Th e end of the year 5696 finds the Jewish people steeped in despair. Those of us
who read the Jewish Press and keep abreast of world events as they affect the Jewish
people, are overcome by a sense of hopelessness. The list of countries where Jewish
life has become difficlut or unberable has increased during the past year. The unrest
in the Holy Land and the threatened danger to Jewish immigration has had an espec¬
ially depressing influence.
Into this dark picture the Jewish New Year should bring to the Jew a note of hope
and courage. Rosh Hashonah, according to Jewish tradition celebrates the "Harath
Olam", the day of the world's coming into being, or the dawn of human history. If we
want to get a proper perspective of ourselves and regain our courage and faith, we,
the Am Olan (eternal people) must see our present troubles from the point of view
of eternity, God's yardstick of time. Measured by the four thousand years of Jewish
history, our present day troubles assume an entirely difficult aspect. Indeed we are
living today in the most glorious period of Jewish history, when the visions and dreams
of our prophets and sages become realities before our very eyes.
We are not as helpless as some may think and our plight is not as desperate as it
appears. The present Palestine situation, finds its counterpart in a similar situation over
two thousand years ago, when our people returning from Babylonian exile and attempt¬
ing to rebuild their national home met with treachery and sabotage "And the builders
were building while each man had a sword girded about his loins". Let us realize that this
generation was given the opportunity to effect the greatest miracle in the annals of
human history, the restoration of a people to its land from which it was banished for
nearly twenty centuries. Let us realize that we are fortunate to be charged with the
task of carrying out the greatest act of justice for a long-suffering and oppressed peo¬
ple, our people !
Let the sound of the Shofar this New Y ear, rally every Jew about the banner of
Israel and evoke in us greater loyalty, courage and zeal to carry on our struggle with the
forces of darkness and bigotry, and for the restoration of Israel to his ancient homeland.
May the year 5697 bring blessings of health, prosperity, peace and good will to
the Jewish communities and all the citizens of this great land of liberty.
Rabbi Morris David Margolis
AAAAAAA.AA
■AAAA..A..A..A.A..A.A..A.
AAA 4.. ^ a a
Kindly Patronize Our Advertisers
AK
