W ^ W"WW W W ▼ ▼ "
t ? 'f
*y>" y* i^"1^)- n^i^1 y
~y H|> ^ y i^ qy i^> qpp ^i ^|i ^i
▼ w v» w t-
^ W"^‘
'V ▼ "V
5. i4. Freel
Distributing Co
"Service Salesman of
Quality Foods"
P. O. BOX 688
TELEPHONE 5-4710
Jacksonville, Fla.
Distributors
Nucoa — Heilman's Mayonnaise
Mrs. Grass Noodles — Keebler
Crackers — Truck Specialties
MIAMI
TAMPA
►
►
Domestic
Laetidry
SATISFACTORY
LAUNDRY
SERVICE
ZORIC DRY
CLEANING
Phone 7-8686
Happy 7Slew Tear to the Jewish People
Mickl er - Sanderlin
L. R. MICKLER
412 PARK STREET
■m
SENIOR HADASSAH
Hadassah, the Women’s Zionist Organization of America, in its Senior and Junior
organizations, register 50,000 women devoted to service in and for Palestine. During
24 years now, the span of a generation, Hadassah has been carrying on a campaign
for the dissemination of information and knowledge on Palestine and Zionism and
for the gathering of funds to help in the building up program of Palestine.
In the course of years, Hadassah has spread a network of curative and pre¬
ventive health institutions throughout Palestine, including the only tuberculosis
hospital in the country; has waged successful war against native diseases, notably
trachoma and malaria, has raised standar ds of medicine, introduced modern meth¬
ods of treatment, advanced health education among the masses, trained graduate
nurses, given specialized post graduate courses to many physicians, and helped
establish sick benefit societies and rural medical service. Through its manifold
activities, benefiting all races and creeds, Hadassah has improved the health and
lowered the death rate of the people of Palestine.
The immediate tasks of Hadassah are: The completion of the Rothschild-
Hadassah Hospital, which is being built on Mount Schopus, Jerusalem, by the
Hadassah and the American Jewish Physicians Committee; S'upport of the Youth
Aliy ah—Juvenile immigration into Palestine from countries of persecution; the
redemption of the Haifa Bay land for the Jewish National Fund.
Mrs. Ben Stein, president of the local chapter for the past three years, has
devoted much time and effort to the work of the local organization, and her dis¬
tinctive success as a leader and ardent Zionist is manifested by the banner year
which the organization enjoyed during 1935-36.
Assisting Mrs. Stein in carying out the program of the past year were the fol¬
lowing officers: 1st vice-president, Mrs. L. Klepper; 2nd vice-president, Mrs. Her¬
bert Weiss; Recording Secretary, Mrs. Nat Cohen; Corresponding Secretary, Mrs.
Perry Kantor; Executive Secretary, Mrs. Louis Witten; Treasurer, Mrs.
Harry Katz; financial Secretary, Mrs. Ira Stein.
The outstanding event of the year, was the Southern Regional Conference of
Senior and Junior Hahassah organizations, held in this city February 9 and 10. Mrs.
Alexander Lamport of New York dominated the convention with her inspiring
addresses and delightful personality. Memorable events at the convention were:
The Oneg Shabbat held in the Center, Saturday afternoon, honoring delegates and
Visitors. ,It was characterized by inspiring talks and singing of Palestinian songs.
The hostesses on this delightful occasion were the Daughters of Israel; The reception
in the Temple Home, Sunday afternoon, given by the Temple Sisterhood in honor
of the distinguished guests and visitors; The inspiring address of Dr. T. Z. Cason,
who displayed a thorough understandng and knowledge of the work done in Palestine
and especially of the work of the Hadassah; The address by Rabbi Israel L. Kaplan,
who described the cooperative colonies in the Holy Land and the back to the land
movement among the Jews. The convention was a great success and increased the
enthusiasm of members and non-members for the great work of building up the
Jewish National Homeland, and especially the health work of Hadassah.
Other outstanding events of the year were the opening Luncheon under the
chairmanship of Mrs. Ira Stein and Mrs. Dave Harris; the Fall Dance, under the
chairmanship of Mrs. Harry Katz; the December meeting at which Mrs. Ben Stein
gave a report of the national Hadassah Convention which she attended, and Rabbi
M. L'. Margolis gave an enlightening lecture on Jewish Customs and Rituals; The
Hadassah Sabbath held in the Jewish Center in honor of Mrs. Szold’s seventy-fifth
birthday, when Rabbi Margolis spoke on Youth Aliyah; The Donor’s Banquet
addressed by Mrs. Heilman, guest speaker, of Atlanta.
The membership of the Hadassah has increased during the year from 96 to 131.
OFFICERS OF THE SENIOR HADASSAH
FOR THE YEAR 5697
Mrs. Nat F. Cohen - - President
Mrs. Joseph Strauss 1st Vice-President
Mrs. Herbert Weiss — 2nd Vice-President
Mrs. William Silverman 3rd Vice-President
Mrs. Harry Katz Treasurer
Mrs. Perry Kantor Corresponding Secretary
Mrs, Louis Witten Executive Secretary
Mrs. Sam Kassewitz Recording Secrretary
Mrs. Ira Stein Financial Secretary
Compliments of
BRASH - FENDIG COMPANY
General Insurance
Second Floor Buckman Bldg.
TELEPHONE 5-0300
i
The Dairy That Serves Particular People
GRADE A MILK, CREAM and
ALL DAIRY PRODUCTS
Rieker's Dairy Farm
Route 4—Box 587
A AAAA AA A ,A.A
AAAAAAAAAAAA
-A~. A. A
■A. A. A.
AAAA.AA.A.A.A.AA.A.A.A.
Wishing Our Jewish Friends A Happy New Year
Kindly Patronize Our Advertisers
