■v v w -r^r-
tt v-v v ^ r'y~v
■v ▼ y
-yv> yfTvfyyyyvrtv -yyv—v~y*y~y
-yyy^v-v-
yvv
! ►
CENTER HEBREW SCHOOL AND SUNDAY SCHOOL
The Jacksonville Jewish Center maintains one of the best equipped modern
Talmud Torahs in the Southeast. The curriculum provides for a complete six
year course which gives its pupils a thorough training in reading and writing of
modern Hebrew, and the Heorew Bible, prepares them to participate intelligently
in the traditional religious services, and imbues them with loyalty to the aspirations
and ideals of the Jewish people, and to Palestine as the symbol of the regeneration
of our race and its culture. Yiddish is also taught to the older pupils in whose
homes Yiddish is still spoken.
The number of children attending the Tlmud Torah is about 80. Transpor¬
tation is provided for children residing in the Riversde section of the town. About
40 per cent of the chldren receive free tuition because of the inability of the parents
to pay. The school consisted of six classes: a beginner’s class for young children
between the ages of 6 and 8 years; a beginner’s class for children between 8 and
10 years; one elementary Hebrew class; one advanced Hebrew class; one Chumosh
class and a Bar Mitzvah class.
The Center Sunday School has an enrollment of 165 children divided into 10
classes. The curriculum provides for an intensive nine year course in Jewish history
customs and ceremonies, beginning with the kindegarten class and terminating
with the Post-Comformation class. It must be stressed, however, that Sunday
School at its best, offers the Jewish child a very inadequate preparation for active
and intelligent participation in Jewish life and for an understanding of its heritage.
It is only effective as a supplement to the Hebrew School education.
During the year the children of both ths Hebrew and Sunday sponsored many
interesting events on the occasions of the major and minor festivals. The Canu-
kah entertainment and the Purim Carnival were notable success. The Simchas
Torah celebration was also a memorable event. Numerous special programs were
presented by the Sunday School during the assembly periods on Chamisho Osor,
Lag B’Omer, and patriotic occasions. Through their charity fund the children
contributed to local and national philanthropic organizations.
Seven children were confirmed at a very impressive Confirmation Service on
Shavouth evening, in the presence of a large congregation. The confirmants were
Minnie Feinberg, Bernice Berkovitz, Irene Kristie, Abe Spiwak, Raymond Cohen,
Meyer Proctor and Paul Weiss.
During the year the Center schools published the Center Hi-Lights, a monthly
paper which contained articles and poems, written by the children and many other
interesting items. Many of the contributors showed considerable talent and dis¬
played a fine appreciation of Jewish values.
SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHERS—1935-36
Miss Reba Wilensky Miss Edith Weiss Miss Edith Wolfson
Miss Sophie Spiwak Miss Blanche Rothstein Miss Julia Mizrahi
Miss Katherine Kass Miss Gertrude Wilensky Miss Rose S’oloff
Rabbi M. D. Margolis
TALMUD TORAH STAFF
Miss Rose Soloff
Mr. J. Robin
<
*
<
.Hiedriek aod
WMtbmey Coo
CONCRETE CONTRACTORS
564 Stockton Street
Telephone 7-2159
L U C AS
Radiator Works
2024 Edison Avenue
PHONE 7-7886
Ask
For
WEISS'
WHOLESOME
Bakery Products
Phone 5-0674
T1
i
Read...
Season's Greetings To Our Jewish Friends
Delcher Bro.
SyacksnmnUe ¿journal
Evening Hours Are
Reading Hours
PHONE 5-1814
Storage Co.
Fireproof Storage Warehouse
9
Cold Storage For Furs
Rug Cleaning
LONG DISTANCE MOVING
262 Riverside Ave.
Phone 5-0140
^ ^ ^
a a
Kindly Patronize Our Advertisers
