Scouting
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
The world of Cadette Girl Scouting is an exciting
and challenging one, that offers new opportunities for
teenage girls to learn about themselves and their
environment. Senior Girl Scouts explore personal
interests, develop a healthy way of life, develop leadership
skills and provide services to the community.
Girl Scouting is lacking without camping, so we
began the year with a campout at Girl Scout Camp Kateri.
Everyone had a wonderful time.
The girls learned several new skills this year. They
sewed their own Cadette vests, as part of the “Fashion
Design” interest patch requirements. They also learned
about making cosmetics for the “Fitness to Fashion”
interest badge. Earning interest patches, offered the girls
opportunities to have fun while learning about themselves.
Several of the Scouts earned the “From Dreams to
Reality” interest patch, which explores aspects of many
different careers. Several moms told the girls how they
handle the difficult task of balancing jobs and families.
They also talked about how they got their current position.
Then, the girls did research on the Internet to find out
about salary ranges and training requirements for five
different careers, as well as learning about two fields in
which women are in the minority.
Several girls also earned “Cadette Girl Scout
Challenge”, which involves understanding themselves,
relating to others, developing values, contributing to the
community and knowing about Girl Scouting.
We are proud of the tenth grader of the Troop,
who was selected to train and assist the Gateway
Council’s 6th grade event, based on historic St. Augustine
in the 1740s. She helped the younger girls camp and
served as a tour guide for visitors to the historic
recreation. This “wider experience” prepares teens for
adventures in Girl Scouting at the national and
international levels.
The year ended in a day of service to the
community. The girls presented crocheted baby covers
to the Emergency Pregnancy Service Center, toured and
served lunch at the I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the
Homeless, and delivered cookies they had baked to the
Ronald McDonald House.
Thanks to Janis Fleet for serving as Cookie Mom.
Thanks also to all the parents for the wonderful support
of their daughters and Troop 969.
— Helen Shacter
Members of Cadette Girls Scout Troup 969, in the kitchen of
Ronald McDonald House, where they helped to serve meals to guests.
103
