Community Agencies
River (4ÜÍ$jk) Garden
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH & AGING CENTER
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • 260-1818 • www.rivergarden.org
“A Caring Community”
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long . . It was this
commandment which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home in
1946. It was this commandment which nourished the love and care that for more
than fifty years has made River Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence
in its field. It was this commandment that made it necessary to create a Home that
is welcoming to families and encourages its use as an extension of family space.
River Garden residents are a part of the community, not apart from it!
The River Garden Hebrew Home has also become the anchor of a growing
system of elder services including the Home, The Coves, Family Care Support
program and Home Health Agency. The success of River Garden is based on the
tradition of meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community needs and of serving
rich and poor alike with excellence. The River Garden Foundation accepts
donations to help River Garden continue to meet its mission. This would not be
possible without substantial charitable support from the community and the work
of The River Garden Foundation to stimulate planned gift annuities, trusts and
bequests.
River Garden’s programs of short-term rehabilitative/respite care, long¬
term residential care, Alzheimers’ and Adult Day Care, serve over 180 people on
any given day. These programs are guided by a devoted, professional full time
staff of over 200. Staff includes physicians and beauticians, nurses, social workers,
pharmacists, activities specialists, physical occupational and speech therapists,
dieticians, etc. In addition, scores of dedicated volunteers help create a special
caring community.
Located on a 35 acre Mandarin campus containing lush Florida oak and
pine trees, a private lake, meandering walking paths, River Garden is the perfect
setting for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community where people
live, love and care. It is a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content,
and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the Fifth
Commandment.
River Garden
foundation
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Minnie Schreiber
Vice President: Michael Greenburg
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Secretary:
Bernard Datz
Treasurer:
Martin Wolf
River Garden Hebrew Home
President:
Ronald Elinoff
Vice President:
Michael Lissner
Vice President:
Gloria Einstein
Vice President:
Mark Lodinger
Vice President:
Jack Price
Vice President:
Rose Lee Gold
Secretary:
Sidney Engelhardt
Treasurer:
Robert L. Jacobs
Asst. Treasurer:
Martin Wolf
River Garden Foundation
President:
Bob Shields
Vice President:
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President:
Margery Serkin
Secretary:
Stacie Parker Wilf
Treasurer: Jeffrey R. Edwards
The Coves Board
President
Helene Coleman
Vice President
Bernard Datz
Vice President
Donald Romo
Secretary
Dennis Lafer
Treasurer
Jack Price
This elegant yet affordable
retirement community is located on
River Garden’s 35 acre campus in
Mandarin.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit
River Garden Holding Company, The
Coves offers comfort, security,
clubhouse living and the opportunity for
continued growth during the retirement
years, in a Jewishly sponsored
environment.
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established
to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services.
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
197
