Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach
the New Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right
on 43rd Street and the entrance is at the
next right, which is Liberty Street.
This year, middle school students of
the Solomon Schechter Day School learned,
through the Mitzvah Program, about the
respectful care of the dead, including tending
of burial sites. On a visit to the Old
Cemetery, they discovered that several family plots no longer had loved ones
to maintain them. The students rolled up their sleeves and, with great care and
respect, cleaned the neglected headstones of a family that been laid to rest
more than 50 years ago. We are proud and grateful to these children for
performing an important mitzvah.
Future plans for the cemetery include improvements to the entrances, as
well as additional landscaping. Contributions can be made to the Cemetery
Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance
and maintain our cemeteries.
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman
Students from Solomon Schechter Day
School’s Mitzvah Program cleaned
unattended headstones.
Hevra Kaddisha
Officers 2002-2003
President
Nathan C. Sandler
VP/Treasurer
Bob Bossen
VP/Education
Ira Grann
Taharah Committee Chairs
Ilse Gottlieb
Sally Becker
VP/Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Hevra Kaddisha performs the greatest mitzvah of all - caring for the
dead. Jewish tradition demands that all Jews, regardless of their circumstances
in life, be buried in a simple, respectful ceremony.
It is thought that Jewish Burial Societies have been in existence for over
1,600 years. Indeed when the Jewish community formed here many years ago,
one of the first organizations to be founded was the burial society.
Membership in the Hevra Kaddisha has always been considered a great
honor. It’s not unusual to find members from successive generations and they
are all guided by the principle that the deceased must be treated with reverence,
sensitivity and kindness. This is an injunction that has its foundation in the Torah.
Jacksonville can be assured and proud that we have this organization
with dedicated members, willing to serve our Jewish community 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week.
I would like to take this opportunity to reach out to members of our
synagogue and the Jewish community who are seeking to perform a great
mitzvah and suggest that they consider joining the Hevra Kaddisha.
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
59
