^\/Ve cJfsmEmíjEZ ^ü(z sm
We honor the Memory of
Philip N. Selber
“His passion for Jewish life, his passion for the Jacksonville Jewish Center, his hope for
the future - everything Jewish animated his life. ” — Rabbi Emeritus David Gaffney.
Through three terms as president of the
congregation, Philip Selber campaigned to make
the synagogue a center for Jewish life rather
than simply a place to pray. Philip was a
visionary with a grand plan that created a
facility designed to accommodate every
lifecycle event — from the birth of a child, to
bar and bat mitzvah, to marriage — for
generations to follow. He was the instrument
that made it all happen.
In December we celebrated the 100th
Anniversary of our congregation. For more than
sixty of those years, Philip was involved, to
obsession, in making the Jacksonville Jewish
Center one of the country’s premier synagogue
centers. He was the driving force in selecting
this wonderful piece of property, at a time when
it seemed to be at the end of the world. Philip
could see with utmost clarity the rare
possibilities in this bare land. He knew that
there was only one place for the Southside of
town to grow, and that soon it would be in the
center of all of this development surrounded by
a large population of Jews who would take
advantage of all the Jacksonville Jewish Center
had to offer. Through his determined, and
sometimes stubborn leadership, he cajoled, he
prodded, he demanded that we believe his
impossible dream. That dream for our
congregation would blossom into the all purpose
Jewish center we take for granted today.
“He had the indignation of a prophet when
it was warranted, ” said Rabbi Gaffney. “He had
the ability to inspire teenagers and young people
by his authenticity. ” If you were fortunate enough
to be in his Confirmation class, you came away
with a far better understanding of our heritage,
the history of our people, and the importance of
making sure you carried on that heritage and
added to its history into the future.
The sum of Philip Selber’s contributions to
growth of the Jacksonville Jewish Center cannot
be measured in a simple arithmetic formula. He
was an inspiration to the leadership of the Center
in his time, and guiding light for the leadership
of the future. He was a man of boundless energy,
and consummate attention to every single detail
no matter how small or how large. The completion
of his work, as he saw it, is a living endeavor
that will continue to grow and improve.
We’ll miss you Philip Selber, but we’ll see
your mark in every nook and cranny of our
Jacksonville Jewish Center. We know, as the 23rd
psalm says ... “You will live in the house of the
Lord forever ”
This tribute, written by Raymond Cohen, first
appeared in the April 2002 Center Bulletin.
