Committees
Shabbat and Holiday Liturgy
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Baal Tefillah
To be the Shaliach Tzibbur, the
representative of the community, is an awesome
responsibility, and a great honor.
It is my job to be the voice of the
congregation, to bring all the prayers offered in
the synagogue into one cohesive whole.
To do so standing in the same place as my teacher, Cantor Abraham
Marton z”l, is a special priviledge. I am very thankful for the opportunity to
serve this congregation where I grew up.
May the year to come bring joy and prosperity to all of us, and may we
see peace in Israel soon.
Best wishes from D’vorah, lian and myself.
— Tzhaki
Religious Committee
David Schmerer, Chairman
We are entering a new era at the Jacksonville Jewish Center and
the Religious Committee will play a central role in our congregation’s religious
development. This is no small undertaking, for we must blend the traditions
of the past century with the challenges of a new professionals and the current
trends in Conservative Judaism.
Our Committee is about to become one of the hardest working groups
at the Center. We oversee all areas of religious practice, ceremony and
decorum and have a substantial interest in the areas of education and youth.
The Religious Committee is dedicated to ensuring that all facets of the religious
life of our congregation are spiritual, meaningful and central to each and
every congregant.
It is equally important that all of us demonstrate our visible
commitment to Conservative Judaism and to our congregation by attending
Shabbat and Holiday Services and attending at least one daily Shacharit or
Mincha/Maariv Minyan each week. We should also make every attempt to
participate in adult education programs and to join our Sisterhood and Men’s
Club to show our support for those valuable groups. It is critically important,
especially if you have young children, to practice Jewish ritual in your home
like lighting Shabbat candles, doing Havdalah and keeping Kashrut. Wherever
you currently are on the observance scale, try moving it up a notch.
Any member of the Religious Committee stands ready to help you
achieve these goals. All you need to do is ask.
Serving as Religious Committee Members in 2001-2002 were: Jack
Bettman, Abe Bielski, Daniel Blankstein, Fred Blum, Bob Bossen,
Wendy Brezin, Etta Drashin, Sheldon Gendzier, Ira Grann, Dr. Joe
Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Dr. Garry Kitay, Norman Kleiman, Fred
Kupperman, Jack Mizrahi, Dr. Marco Rand, Dr. Craig Sandler, Natalie
Sandler, Barry Schuster, Leonard Selber, Joseph Shacter, Mark
Shorstein, Tom Spriggs and Edward Tannen.
Shabbat Torah Readers
Scott Zimmerman, Coordinator
Torah study has been vital to
Jews for centuries precisely because
it lends itself to search and discovery
by each new generation. The text is
accessible on some level to all
individuals. The teacher is, therefore,
wise to act as a patient guide,
allowing students to discover for
themselves the meanings and
messages of the Torah.
Our liturgy calls Torah a “tree
of life.” Trees sway to and fro in the
wind, but they are firmly rooted in
the ground. Trees can shelter us from
rain, satisfy our senses with sweet
fruit, delightful fragrance, rustling
leaves, and ever-changing beauty.
Similarly, a knowledge of Torah can
root us firmly in Jewish tradition and
keep us from being blown about by
the changing currents of modern life.
Torah study can satisfy our need for
beauty and poetry, a sense of identity,
relevance and meaning.
I would like to thank all the
many members of our congregation
for their dedication and devotion to
maintaining the high level of
participation in reading Torah that our
synagogue has achieved. The
commitment and encouragement of
our synagogue organizations and their
leaders will ensure that this high
quality will be maintained for future
generations to come. I would like to
thank Ted Gross for his guidance and
encouragement as well as all of our
teachers for their continued support
and cooperation and wish you all a
heartfelt Mazel Tov.
— Scott
25
