— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs
Religious Schools
A Message from the Director
Lois Tompkins
Director
Melissa Gibbons
Youth & Education Secretary
The Religious School of the Jacksonville Jewish Center prides itself on
producing young Jewish adults with a well-rounded education in the basics of
Judaism.
In the Sunday School program, students in Kindergarten through 2nd grade
enjoy holidays and Bible studies through a variety of media, including music,
arts and crafts, stories, dancing, and games.
The Hebrew Alef-Bet is introduced, and reading is begun, in the 2nd
grade. The Mechinah (preparation) class meets on Sunday and Wednesday,
as a bridge to the afternoon Hebrew School program. Third through sixth graders
meet on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. They concentrate on the basics:
Hebrew skills in preparation for Bar and Bat Mitzvah, as well as history, holidays,
mitzvot, and current events.
All students participate in special youth services on Shabbat and holidays, where they can practice
these skills with their peers. The 7th grade Etgar program is designed to tie together all of this previously-
learned knowledge, while presenting opportunities and hands-on activities especially intended to prepare
these students to graduate as active, knowledgeable young leaders in our Jewish community.
This year, Serene Victor, a specialist in Jewish education, completed a two-year evaluation program
that began in the spring of 2000, courtesy of United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism. The purpose
was to strengthen our Religious School program. Mrs. Victor
held teacher workshops, discussed curriculum ideas and
zlKJz-zUUo i consulted with Center professionals to establish a new and
Youth Congregations exciting direction for our religious school programs.
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Meets Saturdays, 11a.m.-Noon
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
Meets Saturdays, 10:45 a.m.-Noon
Led by Judy Grundfast
Saturday morning classes will be taught
before services by Sherry Herring, Karen
Morse, Suzanne Pittman, and Sherry
Sommers.
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
Meets Saturdays, 11 a.m.-Noon
Coordinated by Debbie Banks
Among the innovations that came out of these sessions
was the creation of the Etgar ma’adon (clubhouse) for 7th
graders. Now in its second season, the Etgar program
provides a special
place and curriculum
for young teens.
85
