A Message from Rabbi Grundfast
Talmud Torah K’neged Kulam
‘Jerusalem was destroyed only because
the people neglected the education of
school children.’” (Shabbat 119a)
Rabbi Hammuna teaches that no
community can sustain itself without
a strong and vibrant will to educate its
young to the best of its ability.
The Talmud, in Massechet
Shabbat (127a), boldly asserts that a
number of mitzvot are so important and
vital, that when a person fulfills one of
them, two rewards are realized. Among
these essential mitzvot are honoring
one’s parents, visiting the sick and
making peace between one person and
another. The first reward received is
immediate, while the second will
continue to yield its sweet fruit even in
the world to come.
While these mitzvot are of the utmost importance,
the Talmud comes to the conclusion that “Talmud Torah
K’neged Kulam-The study of Torah-surpasses them all.”
The rabbis of old considered this Talmudic section of such
importance that they incorporated it into the beginning of
the Shacharit (morning) service every day of the year, in
order to act as a constant reminder of the essential
message that Jewish education and learning must be
woven into the very fabric of our beings. Jews do not
give lip service to learning and knowledge. We have always
understood quite well that they have sustained us as a people
of faith for over three thousand years.
For one hundred of those years, the Jacksonville
Jewish Center has dedicated itself to becoming a focal
point for Jewish education. Our Preschool, Religious
School and Solomon Schechter Day School have educated
generations of Center members, and given them the
necessary tools to become serious and dedicated Jews
for their entire lives. Offering a high quality Jewish
educational experience to all our children has been, and
must continue to be, viewed as being of the highest priority.
Once again the Talmud teaches, “Rabbi Hammuna said,
I congratulate all those who have
dedicated themselves each and every
day, to the holy task of educating
our precious youngsters. From
administrators and teachers to lay leaders and dedicated
parents, I say todah rabbah for helping to insure the
continued strength and future of our congregation and
of Jewish life by making our educational programs the
best they can possible be. In the years ahead, we must
continue to strive for excellence within the classrooms
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The word in Hebrew for education is hinuch. This
word also can mean to “dedicate” or “consecrate,” as
in the word Hanukkah, when the ancient Temple in
Jerusalem was dedicated anew by Judah Maccabee.
When we successfully educate our children at the
Center, we not only pass on knowledge, but also help
them dedicate their lives for living a meaningful and
serious Jewish life.
In Sefer Hasidim we are taught, “They who
train their children in good deeds from childhood on, train
their children to be good navigators who know how to
steer their ships to port.” I hope and pray that in the
years to come, we will continue to help fashion and
create future generations of Jews, who will be ready
and able to steer their ships in the proper direction with
righteousness, respect and reverence as their guides to
a bright and strong Jewish future. This holy task is
incumbent upon all of us.
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast
On behalf of my wife, Judy, and children, Rachel
and Joe, I wish each of you a Shanah Tovah
U’Metukah — A Happy and Good New Year. May it
be one of Shalom for you and yours, Israel and for the
entire world.
— Rabbi Stephen Grundfast
5
