Religious School Simchas
Confirmation
6 & 7 Sivan 5762 • May 16-18, 2002
The Biblical festival of Shavuot commemorates the
giving of the Torah and Ten Commandments to the Jewish
people. It is natural that this festival should be celebrated
with an accompanying sense of commitment to Jewish life
that Confirmation represents. Confirmands demonstrate the
knowledge gained through the completion of our Hebrew High
(Beit Midrash) program by full participation in Shavuot
services. In addition, this year’s students read essays they
prepared on the theme “What Judaism Means to Me.”
The Confirmation Class of 2002 (above 1 to r) Row 1: Ben
Rogozinski, Jeffrey Shenkman, Alicia Goodfarb, Max Talpalar,
Joshua Appelbaum. Row 2: Adam Glauberg, Laney Cohen. Row
3: Alex Whitman, Dorian Bloom, Rabbi Stephan Grundfast,
Alexandra Abramson, Rachel Wyzan, Jonathan Spriggs.
Etgar Graduation
May 17,2002
These students (above) have completed the Center’s
Religious School training and will be eligible to attend Beit
Midrash in the fall: Janna Cohen, Leah Dubin, Jordan Fertel,
Talia Fleet, Eric Gerbert, Michelle Gershon, Kari Ginsberg, Brett
Jackrel, Michelle Jernigan, Jonathan Kessler, Jessica Kopp,
Elissa Kraemer, Shaun Lesnik, Brian Levenson, Pamela Lewis,
Ali Margolies, Louis Richman, Luria Rittenberg, Dana
Rogozinski, Josh Rosenberg, Jonathan Sandler, Andrew
Schemer, Sam Schwartz, Hope Selevan, Arnie Silverberg,
Michelle Spivak, Brittany Vitiello, Rachel Warfield, Adam
Weiss, Tess Wilensky, Michael Wohl, Joseph Yarish.
Consecration
Shabbat morning, February 9,2002
For weeks, students of the Aleph class of the Religious
School and the 1st grade of the Solomon Schechter Day
School prepared a very special program which they presented
to the cogreagtion during Shabbat services. Todah Rabah to
all the teachers: Hanna Bendit, Rivka Cohen, Paula Horn,
Carole Goldberg, Bonnie Loeser, liana Manasse and Robin
Morris.
We are proud of our Consecrants: Max Ackerman,
Aaron Bernhardt, Megan Block, Maxwell Blumenfeld,
Michelle Cagan, Andrew Clevette, Gabrielle Cohen, Rebecca
Estner, Zachary Fertel, Jeffrey Goldring, lian Goldstein, Jacob
Hecht, Jacob Higdon, Lauren Jaffe, Erica Katzin, Adam
Kessler, Madison Kress, Elana Maiman, Tyler Meek, Hannah
Mizrahi, Trudy Morse, Seth Moser, Sarah Neadle, Britney
Norton, Charles Pett, Carly Right, Julie Rosenberg, Ari
Sandler, David Sherman, Benyamin Spalter, Alex Wolfson,
Jared Wolfson, David Zhukov and Aron Zimmerman.
89
