Special Events
Center Raffle for Education
Yowg, art ttoart fcaffh 2-002-
This year’s raffle surpassed all previous fundraising records. Over
$70,000 was raised! Once again, the big winners were the children of the
Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs who will benefit from
the educational funds raised by this major endeavor.
Susan DuBow, Raffle Chair, is to be highly commended for her
single-minded devotion to this sensational event. Not only were the proceeds
large, so was the attendance at the Raffle Brunch. Over 400 people enjoyed
a fabulous brunch, beautifully prepared and presented by Margo’s Catering.
A most adorable fashion show was staged by Stein Mart, with models
from among the teachers and students of Center schools.
Honorary Raffle Chairs, Fran & Russell Selevan, ticket sellers and
event committees share the appreciation of our congregation for this
wonderful Raffle Weekend. Thank you to Richard Ford and the
maintenance staff, as well as Lori Schoettler, Inez Achord and other Center
staff for all their help.
Of course, the real gratitude goes to the patrons, sponsors and ticket
purchasers whose generous support made all of this possible.
L to R: Raffle Chair, Susan DuBow and
Honorary Chairs, Russell and Fran Selevan,
announced the Ticket Seller Prize winners.
Raffle Committee:
Fran & Russell Selevan Honorary Chairs
Susan DuBow Raffle Chair
Cheryl & Jay Plotkin Patrons
Elyse Whitman & Oren Margol Tickets
Helen DuBow & Robin Allerding. Decorating
Kim Robbins & Wendy Pozin ... Patron Gifts
Fred & Wendy Pozin Event Program
Debbie Banks Preschool Liaison
Stacey Goldring Day School Liaison
Meryl Rittenberg.... Religious School Liaison
Rochelle Proctor ... Fashion Show Consultant
liana Manasse Honored for Educational Excellence
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is pleased to announce that liana
Manasse, Judaic Staff Coordinator and teacher in the Solomon Schechter
Day School for over 35 years, is this year’s recipient of the Rabbi
David Gaffney Leadership in Education Award. Mazel tov to her
Scott Allerding
Shirley Bielski
Linda & Laurie DuBow
Michael DuBow
Rhoda Goldstein
Amy Goodman
Judy Greenfield
Risa Herman
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Rich Katzin
Lynn Maiman
Michelle Margol
Mauri Mizrahi
Sonya Morris
Judy Paul
Kate Robbins
Randi Rogozinski
Jackie Selevan
Lois Schlessinger
Michael Shorstein
Josh Whitman
Bruce Yergin
Fashion Show Models:
Students: Julia Allerding, Nicole Ansbacher,
Nikki Bailys, Geoffrey Berlin, Talia Fetner,
Rachel Herman, Garbrielle Magid, Elana
Maiman, Faye Maiman, Gabrielle Margol,
Hannah Mizrahi, Trudy Morse, Jacob Orender,
Zachary Orender, Sara Plotkin, Shaina Plotkin,
Rebekah Pollan, Dana Rogozinski, Danielle
Rogozinski, Jessica Rogozinski, Jonathan
Rogozinski, Max Rogozinski, Julie Rosenberg,
Katie Schoettler, Rachel Walker, Alex Wolf son,
Jacob Wolf son and Jared Wolf son.
Teachers: Hanna Bendit, Suzanne Cooper,
Willard Kennedy, Britt Linville, liana Manasse,
Michelle Margol, Robin Morris, Dale Schemer
and Marlene Watkins.
37
