Organizations
Center Sisterhood
— 2002-2004 Officers —i
President
Jeanine Rogozinski
Education VP
Debbie Banks
Membership VP
Suzi Weiss
Ways & Means VP
Cheryl Piotkin
Program VP
Diane Rothstein
Torah Fund VP
Gayle Baiiys
Youth VP
Amy Goodman
Treasurer
Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary
Robin Ailerding
Recording Secretary
Etta Drashin
Corresponding Sec.
Peggy Organes
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Budget
Joanne Rosenberg
Nominating Committee
Maxine Romo
Administrative Assistant
Beth Shorstein
Branch Liaison
Phyllis Goldberg
See yourself in Sisterhood! That will be the pervasive
theme for this administration. The mission of Women’s League
for Conservative Judaism is “to strengthen and unite
synagogue women’s groups and their members; support them
in mutual efforts to understand and perpetuate Conservative/
Masorti Judaism in the home, synagogue and community; and
reinforce their bonds with Israel and with Jews worldwide.”
Here is a look back on some of last year’s accomplishments.
At the Installation of New Officers Luncheon last May,
a new award for dedicated and hard-working volunteers was
initiated. The first recipient of the “Volunteer of the Month”
award was Stella Finck, past Sisterhood Youth Vice President and, among other things,
organizer of hamantashen baking for many years. At each monthly meeting, another
member will be recognized for her year-round support of the myriad of projects that are
at the heart of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Phyllis Goldberg was installed as Florida Branch Vice President at the Women’s
League for Conservative Judaism, Florida Branch Spring Conference, held in Tampa.
Installed on the Branch Board were Beth Shorstein, Maxine Romo and Barbara Safer,
who is also International Vice President for Women’s League.
Sisterhood programs and projects promote education, social action, and religious
observance. Through the annual Torah Fund Campaign, we provide support for the
Jewish Theological Seminary and Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies at the University of
Judaism. At this year’s Torah Fund Luncheon, the “Horty T. Gendzier Woman of
Achievement” award was presented to Kathy Osterer, past Sisterhood President, Center
Officer, Simhat Torah Woman of Valor and community leader.
Our financial support for the religious schools and youth groups of the Center
continued through our donations to the Youth Fund, Leagrams for Consecration and
Confirmation, scholarships for Camp Ramah, US Y on Wheels, and summer programs in
Israel. Our support also included snacks for High Holidays, apples and candy for Simchat
Torah, and Hamentaschen for Purim.
Educational and religious programs included enlightening monthly seminars led
by Rabbi Grundfast. Our members and their daughters demonstrated their many talents
and abilities during our spiritually uplifting Sisterhood Shabbat and Women’s Minyan.
We also held several informative book reviews after Shabbat Services.
Jeanine Rogozinski
President
The Center Centennial Menorah provided inspiration at the Installation
of Officers ceremony. (I to r) Jeanine Rogozinski, incoming President,
Marsha Pollock, Installing Officer, and Maxine Romo, outgoing
President.
Among the successful fund raising projects were the
sale of Rosh Hashanah flowers and cards, Nachas Tax, the
annual Donor campaign and our family Spring Picnic. Please
continue to patronize the Sisterhood Judaica Shop, which
provides the congregation and community with beautiful gift
and ritual items, and whose proceeds benefit Sisterhood
programs.
In this coming year, let us embrace our responsibility
to our organization, our synagogue, our families, our future.
Through the act of volunteering, nothing is impossible, and
our success in enhancing the Jewish community around us
is infinite.
Chaim, Rachel, Erin, Jonathan, Danielle, and I wish you
all a Shana Tovah, and a year filled with peace, good health,
and happiness.
—Jeanine Rogozinski
21
