Community Agencies
Jewish Family & Community Services
6261 Dupont Station Court East
Jacksonville, FL 32217 • Phone 448-1933
Iris T. Young, Executive Director
Adopt-A-Senior
You can help support Kosher Nutrition, and the elderly in our community who rely
on the program, by “adopting” a senior. Call 448-1933 to learn more.
Adoption
JFCS continues to place babies into loving homes across the country, including
Florida, Connecticut and New York — three states that require a license to place
children. Last year, we found adoptive families for approximately 90 babies.
Bus Rental
Now the community can rent the JFCS buses to shuttle guests to and from life cycle
events and family gatherings. Enjoy bar and bat mitzvahs, weddings and other special
occasions without the headache of coordinating rides for out-of-town guests.
Community Kosher Nutrition Program
CKNP continues to provide hot, nutritious, kosher meals to the elderly at Mt. Carmel,
in a safe and friendly environment.
Counseling
JFCS provides quality mental health care by licensed professionals, at reasonable
rates. Confidentiality is always guaranteed. Services include counseling for grief,
depression, family issues, parent-child conflict, life transitions and much more.
Feed A Needy Neighbor
With donations of non-perishable food items from a concerned community, JFCS
provides emergency groceries to families and individuals experiencing difficult times.
Jewish Healing Network
The Jewish Healing Network reaches out to those who are struggling, ill or dying
by sharing the rich resources within the Jewish tradition.
Jewish Hospice Connection
JFCS is now collaborating with Community Hospice Northeast to offer services to
Jewish individuals. When a member of the Jewish community enters the hospice
program, a social worker from JFCS will be assigned. If requested, a volunteer
from the Jewish Healing Network will be provided, as well.
Senior Transportation
JFCS transports seniors to religious services, doctors appointments, shopping centers
and recreational activities for an affordable fee.
There’s So Much More . ..
These are just a few of the many services offered at JFCS. For those needs the
agency cannot address, staff is always available to refer you to the appropriate
resource.
JFCS Officers 2002-2003
President:
Debbie Gottlieb
First Vice President:
Sandy Kesler
Treasurer:
Michael Lissner
Chairman:
Mark Shorstein
Vice Presidents:
Lawrence Ansbacher
David Garfinkel
Stuart Herman
Vice Presidents:
Jon Israel
James Kempner
Dr. Ben Lewis
Charles Sussman
Lynn Sussman
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904) 733-6696
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide comfortable
and pleasant surroundings. From the
initial concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens has
strived to create respectable living,
providing more than housing. Mt.
Carmel Gardens offers a 17-story
building on a beautifully landscaped
site, 24-hour staffing, community
facilities, and planned programs, all of
which were developed as part of an
overall concept...a concept of
responding to the desires of retirees for
security, comfort, safety, independence
and the enrichment of stimulating
social-recreational activities shared
with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is
conveniently located, with transportation,
shopping, hospital and doctor’s offices
nearby.
Mt. Carmel Officers
and Board of Directors:
Jack Coleman, President
Brian Benwick, 1st Vice President
Ann Storch, Secretary
Dr. Ben Lewis, Treasurer
Members:
Louise Axelberg
Dolores Dworetsky
Nathan Franzblau
Peter Fryefield
Ardene Halpern
Francis L. “Len” Loving
Terri Poster-Taylor
Jim O’Steen
Ruth Slutzah
John Stafford
David Thorny
George Thornton
199
