—The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Solomon Schechter Day School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
Message from the Principal
The Solomon Schechter Day School of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center exists today as the outstanding educational institution that it is,
because of the persistence and vision of the congregation and its
leadership, both lay and professional, throughout the years.
Beginning in 1961, families were attracted to the school because
it stood for intellectual excellence and Jewish tradition. The embryonic
school grew with the support of the community, rabbis and a growing
number of gifted and dedicated parents.
Upon this base, the school is entering its forty- first year of
serving the youth of the Jewish community.
Our overall structure now embodies a Primary Department
(kindergarten through third grade), an Intermediate Department (fourth
and fifth grades), and now a Middle School (grades sixth through eighth). This marks another milestone
for our school.
Willard M. Kennedy
Principal
We continue to improve our Hebrew Language Program with teacher in-services and training. We
now employ the Tal Sela Program through the elementary program. This year the Ma Tok Program will
be introduced for the study of Bible. Thus, our curriculum will be on a national level with all other
Schechter schools.
Our instructional departments are being wired to bring the Internet to our classrooms, extending
our computer services to every student. This year, an after-school sports program will begin for our
Intermediate and Middle School students, to give them the opportunity to develop their physical skills
beyond our Physical Education Program. In addition, a state-of-the-art science lab was completed this
year, expanding our ability to improve our Science curriculum.
Some ask why we continue to develop our services. The answer, simply
put, is that Jewish day school education has been identified as one of the strongest
forces in preserving Jewish continuity in America. Students who attend our school
establish a firm foundation based on knowledge of source material, Hebrew
language, peer involvement and values clarified through the prism of Judaism.
Schechter students that enter other schools, both public and private, after
leaving us are confident and proud of themselves, both as Jews and as academic
achievers. Our students have been eminently successful
not only as scholars, but as citizens of the schools they go
on to attend.
Robyn Waring
School Secretary
The Solomon Schechter Day School looks back with
gratitude to all those who sustained it during the early years,
who are maintaining its identity today, and who look
forward with confidence and enthusiasm to the years ahead.
Andy White
Administrative Assistant
79
