CENTENNIAL COMMITTEE CHAIRS
Centennial Chair: Marsha Pollock
Rabbi Gaffney
Tribute Dinner: Linda & Laurie DuBow
Centennial
Celebration: Cathy & Bruce Yergin
Anniversary Shabbat: Meryl Rittenberg
Selichot Tribute
to Cantor Marton: Raymond Cohen
Congregational Picnic: Kelly Waeltz
Throughout last year, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
hosted many special Centennial events as tributes
to our 100 years as a congregation. The Center’s
Officers, Board of Directors and Marsha Pollock,
Centennial Chair, thank the following people for
their contributions, both large and small, to these
meaningful programs: Robin Allerding, Sybil
Ansbacher, Ava Axelrod, Allison Bailys, Carla
& Larry Bernard, Shirley Bielski, Linda
Bloom, Raymond Cohen, Joanne Davis, Etta
Drashin, Helen DuBow, Linda & Laurie
DuBow, Susan DuBow, Holly Ernas, Stacy &
David Epstein, Stella Finck, Marilyn Garber,
Sheldon Gendzier, Rhoda Goldstein, Renee
Gordon, Chary Greenburg, Dan Hackel, Leslie
Held, Edith & Bruce Horovitz, Sheila
Jacobson, Rabbi Dov Kentof, Annetta
Kornblum, Michelle Margol, Marilyn & Mike
Mass, Jeanette & Mel Newman, Judy Geller
Nevel, Peggy Organes, Kathy Osterer, Wendy
& Fred Pozin, Robin Rand, Judy Reppert,
Meryl Rittenberg, Kim Robbins, Jeanine
Rogozinski, Marjie Rogozinski, Maxine Romo,
Ellen Rubens, Andrew Ruby, Catrina Ruby,
Margo Ruby, Martha Savage, Barbara Safer,
Shirley Schinasi, Linda Schuster, Mary Selber,
Fran Selevan, Lori Schoettler, Debra &
Leonard Setzer, Ellen & Barry Setzer, Beth
Shorstein, Judy Shorstein, Robin Shorstein,
Joni & Harry Shmunes, Blanche Slott, George
Strumlauf, Ina Taffet, Rexine Trager, Kelly
Waeltz, Alex Whitman, Sharon Witten, Cathy
& Bruce Yergin, and the members of Center
Men’s Club, Center Sisterhood, and Center
Staffs.
32
Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Centennial
Celebration
1901 - 2001
A Toast to an Historic Day at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Saturday, December 9, 2001, was a
Shabbat like no other in the 100-year history
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Our
congregation rejoiced from morning ‘til night
on its Centennial Anniversary.
Michael Shorstein, Center president, offered a toast.
Beginning at 9 a.m., the main sanctuary overflowed
with congregants who gathered to worship and
commemorate the people, events and synagogue buildings
that made such an incredible impact on our lives. Young
and old, recent and longtime members participated in a
memorable Shabbat service. It was like Rosh Hashanah,
Simhat Torah and a huge Bar Mitzvah all rolled into one.
Representatives of families who boast as many as six
generations of Center members led the Torah processions.
Each Torah portion was dedicated to a significant individual
or group. Everyone received an aliyah in categories
symbolizing a member’s proud association — officers,
valued volunteers, graduates of the schools, youth group
alumni, club and committee members, etc. All participants
represented some facet of congregational life. Rabbi
Emeritus David Gaffney delivered a stirring account of his
30 years at the Center and new spiritual leader, Rabbi
Stephen Grundfast offered words of congratulations and
hope for the future. The sanctuary resounded with joyful
singing as the children of the Pre-Junior and Junior
Congregations lined the bima to lead the closing hymn. The
festive Kiddush following the Services provided
opportunities for further reminiscing. Gratitude is extended
to Meryl Rittenberg and Scott Zimmerman for
organizing an inspiring experience.
