Center Youth Department
A Message from the Director
It has been my honor over the past 15 years to work with the youth of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. In my newest position as Youth Director, with help
from the Youth Commission and the youth group advisors, I strive to create warm,
caring and responsible young adults.
Together, we are instilling in our children a sense of pride in their heritage,
and a commitment to the ideals of Jewish life. We are helping our young people to
develop an appreciation for our synagogue, and a willingness to work for its
betterment. They are learning to fulfill the social needs of our community, and to
participate in many civic activities. Together, we have experienced the gifts of
mitzvot.
In an article titled “What Parents ‘Owe’ Their Children,” it is stated that,
“Goodness is not an innate or natural disposition. People are not born good. Rather, they become good human
beings by learning from role models who are good.”
In this, our children certainly have much help from our wonderful youth group advisors. Our younger children
learn from the older ones, and we have so many volunteer adults who serve as excellent role models.
I’d like to thank everyone who gave me their help and support. I
have enjoyed this past year, and look forward to many social,
educational and fun times with our youngsters in the future.
— Gayle Bailys
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and programs
sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including Chalutzim, Kadima,
USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The committee is made up of youth
group advisors, presidents of our clubs and caring Center members who
believe that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through
participation in innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish
leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer
programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar in
Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome, fun and uniquely Jewish
experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth
Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates
stay connected to the synagogue and community. Four times a year, at Rosh
Hashanah, Chanukah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring
warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with
your children by keeping us update on their school mailing and email
addresses. Thank you to Stella Finck for her long-standing devotion to this
project.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment.
To oversee these activities, the Youth
Commission and Youth Director, sets the
standards and policies for these programs.
Gayle Bailys
Director
The Youth Commission inducted new youth group
officers, board members and advisors at the annual
Youth Banquet held on Sunday, May 5. The brunch
program was dedicated to “Our Youth - Carrying the
Light into the Future.”
— Kathy Osterer, Youth Commission Chair
91
