Community Organizations
American Red Magen David for Israel
Founded in 1930 as a First Aid Society, ARMDI evolved
into Israel’s emergency medical, disaster, ambulance and
healthcare network - 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. Every
person in every corner of Israel looks to MDA to perform the
usual tasks carried out by Red Cross Societies throughout the
world, and then some. Within minutes, MDA’s rescue units
arrive on the scene - for medical emergencies, accidents and,
unfortunately, terrorist bombings. Trained paramedics
administer immediate help and then transport the patient to
the hospital if necessary.
Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle and Annual Concert
proceeds this year will be used to help equip all MDA
ambulances and First Aid Stations with Trauma Cardiac
Defibrillators. Each unit costs $5000. If you would like to
make a contribution to this fund, please send a check to
Mitzvah ARMDI, 4485 Rock River Road W., Jacksonville,
FL 32224.
Though the symbol of Magen David Adorn, a Red Star
of David, is recognized by the American Red Cross, and the
International Red Cross has finally acknowledged there is a
problem, efforts are still going on to achieve international
acceptance of our symbol.
Show your support for the State of Israel for only $25
or $200 Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of pikuach nefesh
by joining today. Mail to: Mitzvah ARMDI, 9830 Woodrose
Lane, Jacksonville, FL 32257.
For us it's only a check, for them it could mean life
itself
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University Women’s Committee is really a
misnomer, since our organization has many men, as you will
note from our officer’s list. Our primary goal is financial
support for Brandéis University and its Libraries, as well as
supporting Scholarship funding. It connects Brandéis, a
nonsectarian university founded by the American Jewish
Community, to its members and their communities through
programs that reflect the ideals of social justice and academic
excellence.
Brandéis - Jacksonville covers a diverse range of
interests. Our Study Groups offer ‘something for everyone,’
from Great Literature, Play Reading, Traveling Gourmet, Reel
Special, Creative Writing to Current Events.
Our membership includes couples as well as singles
(women and men). We afford our members the opportunity to
continue ‘learning,’ as well as the chance to ‘just have fun.’
Traveling Gourmet features dinners at various area restaurants
with emphasis on the exotic. Reel Special, our movie group,
picks films of unusual interest, followed by dinner and
discussion. Food for the Mind is the strength of such groups
as Great Literature, Creative Writing, Current Events, as well
as many other offerings.
We welcome everyone to join with us in this unique
organization. If you would like additional information, please
contact our Membership Vice President, Judy Gerson at 363-
6446 or Betsy Pearl, President, at 645-5410.
Officers of the Mitzvah Chapter
Magen David Adorn
President:
MembershipVP:
Retention:
Outreach:
Fund Raising VP:
Concert:
Raffle:
Special Event:
Cards/Donations:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Bulletin:
Chapter Coordinator:
Publicity:
Past President:
At-Large Board:
Emeritus:
Wendy Honigman
Hana Schindler
Gert Bernhardt, Phyllis Garbose
Ray Hardy
Lea Gabbay
Penny Powell
Bonnie Hardy
Madelyn Glossman
Michelle Grossman
Leon Robbins
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Priscilla Schmerer
Olga Wind, DDS
Elaine Furman
Chiel A. Wind, MD
Hana Bendit, Fern Estner,
Joseph Honigman, MD, Jo Marks,
Hannah Rosenberg, Roccio Wind
Ilse Gottlieb
2002-2003 Officers
of Brandéis University Women’s Committee
President:
Program VPs:
MembershipVPs:
Fundraising VPs:
Study Group VPs:
Financial Secretary:
Treasurer:
Corresponding Secretary:
Recording Secretary:
Auditors:
Directors:
Betsy Pearl
Gaye Feuer, Robert Nied
Judith Gerson
Norma Levy, Susan Derby
Rachel Halpern, David Selin
Mildred Kaufman
Martin Wolf
Phyllis Garbose
Feodora Dedrick Weiss
Walter Beissinger, Gloria Burck
Elaine Fendell, Doris Gross, Norman Tasman
201
