Organizations
Center Choral Society
For over 54 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical
music. Over the years, they have given numerous concerts featuring
members of the choir, as well as nationally acclaimed soloists. Many
of the current members have been singing with this group for twenty
years or more. New members are always welcome. Call Raymond
Cohen 733-6979.
2002-2003 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel
Musical Director
Raymond Cohen
President
Stevie Levine
Music Coordinator
Members: Raymond Cohen, Karen
Dubin, Margaret Fleet, Lois Gosa,
Debbie Kaye, Henry Lasris, Stevie
Levine, Karen Morse, Judy Geller
Nevel, Philip Pakula, David
Organes, Peggy Organes, Rachel
Organes, Natalie Sandler, David
Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Anita
Solomon, Steve Solomon and Rebecca
Zapen.
Jewish Singles
The Jewish single adults of our community met
throughout the past year for a variety of activities. Special
parties were held that allowed opportunities for
individuals in certain age groups to meet each other in
informal settings.
A tour of the San Sabastian Winery in St.
Augustine, hiking the UNF nature trails, painting classes
on faux finishes at Home Depot and watching the races
at the Orange Park Kennel Club were among the
highlights. Dinners in members homes were especially
enjoyed.
Brenda Portnoy hosted a “Martinis and More” party
for singles age 35 to 50. As you can see, a good time
was had by all.
Hazak - pm
for adults 55 and up
The United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism
now sponsors an organization for congregants age 55
and up called Hazak.
The name HAZAK is an acronym. The het stands
for Hokhmah (wisdom), the zayan for Ziknah (maturity)
and the kuph for Kadima (looking ahead). Hazak is
designed to compliment congregational programs with
additional social, spiritual and educational components
geared to and for the senior population. Hazak members
will not only have the opportunity to meet on a regular
basis with peers from their own congregations, but with
fellow Jews from other affiliated Conservative
congregations in their community, region and nation.
Hazak offers it members the opportunity to travel
together, participate in retreats, Shabbatonim and
seminars utilizing the skills and knowledge available within
the group as well as outside resources. Hazak promotes
Judaism to seniors through projects and meaningful
experiences both in the synagogue environment and on
a community level.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is forming a chapter
that will answer the educational and social needs of our
empty-nesters and mature members. If you would like
to join a group for older adults, call Estelle Kritz at
636-6636.
17
