Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 enjoyed a great year! The Our dens learned about nature, safety, community
highlights of the year include our two cam
participation from our Pack Family. W
learned how to whittle, played “mad libs”
and were treated to a Pack 14-style bonfire
at Suwannee River and Little Talbot Island.
Our Pinewood Derby drew our
pack’s families together for a morning of
racing competition and family fun at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. This year’s
winners were Harrison Phillips, 1st place,
Jared Wolfson, 2nd place and Larry
Richter, 3rd place. Congratulations to
everyone who entered.
We had lots of fun and exciting pack
meetings - one included a nighttime, hot
air balloon launch!
outs and great and Judaism,
went hiking,
A big “scout salute” to our first-
grade Tiger Cub Den! This program is
geared towards boys in the first grade
and prepares them for entering Cub
Scouting in the second grade.
We congratulate our WeBeLos
who moved up to the Boy Scout Troop
14. We are grateful to our den leaders:
Marty Pett and Craig Sandler, Garry
Kitay, Robert Richter, Lisa Wolfson
and all our volunteer parents, who have
committed their valuable time to our
children, the Cub Scouts of Mighty
Mighty Pack 14!
For information call Cubmaster
Bruce Goldring at 739-2970.
Tiger Cubs — 1st Grade (1 to r) Front:
Jeffrey Goldring, Ari Sandler, Benyamin
Spalter, Adam Kessler. Middle: Charles
Pett, Jared Wolfson, Aron Zimmerman,
David Zukov, Alex Wolfson. Back: Den
Leaders, Marty Pett and Craig Sandler.
Pinewood Derby Winners (l to r):
Harrison Phillips, Larry Richter and
Jared Wolfson.
2nd grade (1 to r) Jonah Kitay, Sam Goodman, Harrison
Phillips, Dor Eitan Spalter and Den Leader, Garry Kitay.
Weblos — Cobra Den (1 to r) Front: Harrison Safer,
Noah Feldman, Aaron Stark, Max Goldstein. Back: Adam
Schwartz, Jacob Wolfson, Steven Lewis, Bradley
Goldring, Corey Brenenson, Mitchell Wohl and Den
Leader, Lisa Wolfson.
3rd Grade (1 to r): Front: Jacob Hecht, Sam
Bernard, Larry Richter. Back: Max
Rogozinski, Ben Hecht, Josh Goranson,
Isaac Pearl, Den Leader, Robert Richter.
105
