Special Events
Jacksonville Jewish Center Centenniel Celebration
(L to R) Bruce & Cathy Yergin, Robert Klein
and Wendy & Fred Pozin.
Cathy and Bruce Yergin, event chairs, deserve
highest praise for planning and hosting this grand
occasion.
Laurie DuBow looked on as Rabbi Emeritus David Gaffney and
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast lit a candle in the Centennial Menorah.
In the evening, over 500 people attended a fabulous
Centennial Celebration. An elegant atmosphere was
created in the Setzer Social Hall and Fletcher-Selber
Auditorium to form a fitting backdrop for the magnificent
event that included cocktails, a sumptuous dinner, a warm
multifaceted program, a sentimental retrospective film,
entertainment and dancing. Nationally known comedian,
Robert Klein, was the featured performer and The Big
Apple Band from Orlando provided music until midnight.
Special recognition is given to Wendy and Fred
Pozin for arranging the superb entertainment, Ellen and
Barry Setzer who chaired the reservation and seating
committee, Margo’s Catering for a superb menu,
attentive wait staff and a beautiful ice sculpture, Susan
DuBow for helping to produce the evenings festivities,
Robert Kanner for donating his time and photographic
talent as well as Richard Ford and the maintenance staff.
The sensational evening was made truly memorable
by the heartfelt participation of Center members in a
series of stirring ceremonies and presentations made
during dinner. Appreciation is extended to: Raymond
Cohen, singing of Hatikvah; Shirley Bielski, poem
preceding performance by Ritz Voices; Rabbi Stephen
Grundfast, Hamotzi; Judy Geller Nevel, accompanist;
Michael Shorstein,
toasts and greetings;
Marsha Pollock, nostalgic
flashlight ceremony;
Laurie DuBow,
candlelighting honorarium;
Fred Pozin, narrator;
Natalie (Pat) Hackel
Glickstein Haas,
Centennial video.
Some of our Past Center
Presidents: Standing (L to R)
Stuart Hecht, Wilbur Margol,
Eugene Kornblum, Philip
Selber, Marsha Pollock, Evan
Yegelwel, Lawrence DuBow,
Nate Krestul and Burton
Grossman. Kneeling, Mark
Shorstein with then president,
Michael Shorstein.
33
