<s>
JCA
Community Agencies
Jewish Community Alliance
'the* &c¿ Pcvih&v ^&iv'x&fv OorvvrvyAAri^t* OcwAyptAfr
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
— Board of Directors —
Executive Committee
Stephen M. Goldman
President
Kenneth B. Jacobs
President Elect
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Randy Kammer
Secretary
Robin Bass
Treasurer
Miriam Honig
Assistant Secretary/Treasurer
Ernest Brodsky
Past President
Irene Jaffa
Past President
Our Jewish identity is important. The JCA seeks to create a positive and affirming
environment of Jewish culture and heritage. We strive to welcome all and share our
Jewish traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life,
culture, and community (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish community
(3) enhance the quality of life for all segments of the community and (4) strengthen
family life. The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality
programs for people of all ages including: childcare and family programs, fitness and
recreational facilities and activities, Jewish education, culture and arts programs, and by
providing a place for family, “neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other
local synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and
celebrations.
New classes and programs are always being added to meet the diverse interests of
our members. We serve the Jacksonville Jewish community with programs like the
NAEYC accredited Gan Yeladim preschool, after school care for elementary age youth,
the Challenge Program, Yiddish for Fun, adult Torah study group, classical music
appreciation, pottery classes, children’s birthday parties, computer classes, yoga, aerobics,
Middle School Night Out; Great Books discussion group; swim instruction; gymnastics;
swim team, tennis teams and clinics, aqua aerobics, youth, teen and men’s basketball
leagues, Theatre of Youth, summer camp and so much more . . .
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to
be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to
all. Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs - after all, YOU
ALREADY BELONG.
Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
River Garden Auxiliary makes things happen...
The Auxiliary is an independent organization that has been serving the
River Garden Hebrew home since its beginnings, in 1922, as the Ladies
Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society.
The Auxiliary gives financial support to the home BUT MORE
IMPORTANTLY, the Auxiliary members work together to enhance the daily
life of each and every resident.
The Auxiliary’s mission is to provide funds for ancillary needs and
services to our residents. The Auxiliary provides a dimension of warmth
and significant funds to meet the needs of the residents. We have an ongoing
commitment to “honor thy father and thy mother”.
- Fran Liebowitz and Evelyn Meisel, Presidents
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2002-2003
Co-Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P.:
Membership V.P.’s:
Services V.P.:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary
Fran Leibowitz
Evelyn Meisel
Andrea Raitt
Betty Abisch
Sandi Roth
Mary Selber
Andrea Raitt
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
: Lillian Meizlik
195
