Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715 • www.jaxjewish.org
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation
serves as a central resource for our Jewish
community. In summary, the Federation
is dedicated to providing for the welfare
of every Jewish person living in
Jacksonville. Through a partnership with
the United Jewish Communities, formerly
known as UJA, we are equally committed
to the survival and quality of life for every
Jew living in Israel and throughout the
Diaspora.
The five major local recipient
agencies of funds raised by the Federation
are the Jewish Community Alliance,
Jewish Family & Community Services,
River Garden Hebrew Home, Jacksonville
Jewish Foundation and the Solomon
Schechter Day School. We are proud of
the invaluable services provided by these
five outstanding Jewish agencies. It is a
privilege to assist them in trying to meet
their goals.
Jewish education is extremely
important, and the Federation is proud to
support the Solomon Schechter Day
School, Beit Midrash Hebrew High and Etz
Chaim Hebrew Academy. Through the
Joan Levin Gift of Israel program and
“birthright israel,” Federation is helping to
make the dream of a trip to Israel a reality
for Jewish teens and college youth in our
community.
The Federation is involved with
community relations, leadership development
and Missions to Israel. We will continue to
work in cooperation with our local agencies,
UJC and the synagogues to address the vital
issues and challenges in the entire arena of
Jewish continuity.
This fall Federation will conduct a
demographic study of our Jewish
Community. We believe this is going to
provide important information as we plan
together for our future.
Our officers and Board of Directors
wish the congregation a happy and healthy
New Year.
— Dr. Mitchell Levine, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
Executive Committee —
President
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Campaign Chair/ 1st Vice President
Dr. Guy Benrubi
Vice President
Melvin Gottlieb
Vice President
Leslie Held
Vice President
Harris Rittenberg
Vice President
Stacie Wilf
Treasurer
Michael Korn
Secretary
Judge Morton Kesler
Immediate Past President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Women’s Division Campaign Chair
Debbie Parker
— Foundation Board of Trustees —
Mel Gottlieb, President
Michael Donziger *
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards
Melvyn H. Fruit
Mark Green, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe,CIMA
Sandy Kadish
Howard I. Korman
Joan Levin
Neil Presser, CPA
Michael Schneider, Esq.
Mark Shorstein, CPA
Stephen Silverman
Richard Sisisky
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Aaron Stein
Michele Block Wiener
Martin Wolf
Dennis Wolfson
Barry Zisser, Esq.
*Past President
Advisory Committee
Lawrence DuBow, Sid Gefen,
Jeff Parker, Jack Selevan, David Stein
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
4131 Sunbeam Road, Suite 275 •Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: 394-0720 • Fax: 394-0956
Email: pkfoundation@yahoo.com
“1 did not find the world desolate when I entered it. As my father planted for me,
so will I plant for my children and my children’s children. ”
Mission: To ensure the future of our Jewish community and life with dignity for
every Jew. To ensure that our synagogues and agencies have the financial resources
they need, so that generations to come may enjoy our rich Jewish heritage and
traditions.
Goal: To secure endowment funds from donors in the form of bequests in wills,
trusts, gift annuities, life insurance policies and a variety of other planned giving
methods, that will become a source of financial support for our synagogues and
agencies and that will enhance the lives of the donors.
Partnership: The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is a partnership of Beth El - The
Beaches Synagogue, Beth Shalom Congregation, Congregation Ahavath Chesed
(The Temple), Etz Chaim Synagogue, Jacksonville Jewish Center, Jacksonville
Jewish Federation, Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and Community
Services and River Garden Hebrew Home.
Summary: The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is truly our Jewish Community
Foundation, providing planned giving and endowment services to our partners in
order to further the stated mission.
Perpetuate your lifetime of giving to Jewish causes. Please remember the
Foundation and the Mitzvah of Tzedakah when making your will.
193
