Special Events
We Gratefully Acknowledge
Our Community Sponsors
Founding Sponsors
Jacl^toville
■ Bank
and The Gottlieb Family
Event Sponsor
Merrill Lynch
Front 9 Sponsor
Burger King
Hole-In-One Sponsor
Coggin Automotive Group
Corporate Sponsors
American Fidelity
Becker & Poliakoff, P.A.
The DuBow Family Foundation
Far East Brokers
Financial Resource Alliance
Jacksonville Greyhound Racing
The Jacksonville Jaguars
Prudential Securities -
The Jaffe Group
The Shorstein Family
SouthTrustBank
Hole Sponsors
Centurion Auto Transport
Crown Moving Systems
First Union Bank
Greene-Hazel & Associates
Law Offices of Daniel Wilensky
Law Offices of Joshua Whitman
Liberty Furniture
Mark Lodinger & Associates
The Jim Kennedy Family
The Kraemer Family
Movsovitz & Sons
Prime Home Mortgage
Promo Depot
Prosser & Hallock
River City Security Services, Inc.
Kim & David Robbins
The Roey Family
The Rothstein Family
Dr. Ken Sekine & Dr. Todd Rasner
Senior Planners
Shorstein & Kelly, Attorneys at Law
Sun America
Vandroff Insurance
Westside Industrial Park
The Yegelwel Family
2 ° 0 i
GOLF CLASSIC
3rd Annual JJC Golf Classic
Fundraiser is a Major Success.
Proceeds to Provide Scholarships.
The 3rd Annual JJC Golf Classic, played on December 17th, at the Ponte
Vedra Ocean Course, is one of only three elite charitable events held at the
prestigious course. Not only was it a great financial success, but a GREAT
TIME was had by all who teed off in glorious weather, on a beautiful course.
Camaraderie was high and the competition was keen.
Congratulations to all.
The credit for this outstanding program goes to
Scott Allerding, tournament chairman, Lori Schoettler,
Center administrative liaison and the committee.
Additional thanks goes to a great crew of tournament-
day volunteers: Robin Allerding, Allison Bailys, Helen
DuBow, Marsha Jawitz, Cheryl Plotkin, Jeanine
Rogozinski, and Suzi Weiss.
The Horty T. Gendzier Cup was presented to the
tournament winners Dan Connell, Paul Vance, Macky Weaver and Ron Weaver of
the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Horty Gendzier was a major force in Jewish education at the Center. Her
lifelong commitment to Jewish education in Jacksonville paved the way for
countless numbers of children to experience the beauty, worth and importance of
leading a Jewish life. Fulfilling Horty Gendzier’s vision, the mission of the JJC Golf
Classic is to make education at the Solomon Schechter Day School accessible to
all Jewish children. This major fundraising event provides scholarships to any
child in need of financial assistance, regardless of synagogue affiliation.
The Horty I Gendzier Cup was presented by Scott
Allerding, Tournament Chairman (second from rt) and
Sheldon Gendzier (ctr) to the winning team representing
the Jacksonville Jaguars.
