Committees
Membership
It is with great pleasure that we welcome all
of our new members to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, and thank all of our long time members for
their support.
The Membership Committee is dedicated to
working together with our fellow congregants to
help each other and our synagogue. The Center
experienced a tremendous growth spurt in
membership last year, but numbers alone do not
reflect the true success of our efforts. It is the enthusiasm and
participation of our members that make us a vibrant
congregational family.
There is always some activity going on at our shul. Our
social, cultural, and fundraising events bring people of all ages
together. Last year, the Membership Committee, led by Phyllis
Goldberg, took on the challenge of providing programming for
special interest groups within our congregational family.
Suzi Weiss chaired the New Member Development
committee that introduced new and prospective members to
fellow congregants and the myriad of activities and
opportunities available at the Center. Throughout the year,
coffee socials, brunches and a special Shabbat helped new
members feel at home in their new congregation.
Karen Morse,
Membership Chair
The year ended with another great Shabbat
dinner. Thanks to all the families who participated
in and made all of our programs so special.
Neil & Bonnie Sandler are experts at
bringing newcomers together to form warm
friendships. They helped form Havurah
(friendship) groups with a variety of shared
interests. Some havurot cater to modern single
households, others to empty-nesters. All provide
the closeness of an
extended family.
Janis Fleet
and her committee
facilitated existing,
successful
programs, and
developed new
activities for all
segments of the
Center’s membership.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is definitely a
happening place to be.
Michael Shorstein welcomed new and prospective members
at a Brunch in their honor.
Young Family Programming had a busy year, under the
leadership of Wendy & Jeff
Sapolsky. From creative
services to holiday parties,
this group focused on the
needs of families with children
aged five and under. A
wonderful Shabbat dinner in
the Sukkah was made special
by a Shabbat story acted out
by Rabbi and Judy Grundfast.
Many families enjoyed a
beautiful Flavdalah program,
in the fall. The Hanukkah
party, with many games and
treats, was part of a special
day for all Center Members.
My challenge to you, as in-coming Membership Chair,
is to get involved! Whether you are interested in Jewish
education, or are just interested in stimulating conversation
and recreation, like our summertime Saturdays with the “shul
& pool” bunch, there is always a place for you.
Please join us on our committee and help us to better
provide programs of value and interest to all our members.
Membership welcomes your ideas.
L’Shanah Tovah. Wishing you a happy and healthy
New Year to you and your family.
— Karen Morse
A Young Family Havdalah.
There was lots to do at the
Young Family Hanukkah Party.
27
