— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
Message from the Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool was first
established in 1942, making this our 60th year of providing
outstanding secular and Judaic education for Jacksonville’s youngest
students. Many changes have occurred over these years including
staff, programs, classrooms and even the location of the school.
But one thing that remains the same is the Center’s desire to provide
our precious young children with the best educational foundation
possible.
Our Early Childhood Department plays an important role in
the overall development of our young children. Studies show us
that a great deal of a young child’s critical physical, social, and
cognitive growth takes place in the first five years. Our high-
quality program addresses all these areas of development, by providing an age-appropriate, developmental
program in a nurturing and safe Jewish environment.
This coming year we look forward to many physical changes in our facility. Plans for the renovation
of both our indoor and outdoor playground have begun and our new “baby blue” paint has brightened
our halls and classrooms.
Dale Schemer
Director
In addition to the physical changes, we are always striving to enhance our curriculum. This year,
our weekly Shabbat program will add an exciting new dimension. Judy Grundfast will continue her
involvement by planning a monthly Shabbat celebration with special visits by Rabbi Grundfast. We also
look forward to adding a very unique “Mommy and Me” program.
Suzanne Cooper, our capable and dedicated Extended Day Coordinator and her terrific staff, will
be returning this year. They have worked all summer making plans to expand and invigorate the activities
available for our day care students.
With these and many other new programs planned, we are looking forward
to another exciting and successful school year.
Robin Morris
and Michelle Margol
Judaica Teachers
Suzanne Cooper
Extended Day Coordinator
Shirley Thacker
Secretary
75
