Beyond Hebrew School
On September 28,1942, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
entered a new phase of Jewish education when it opened a
Nursery-Kindergarten program for 15 three-year-olds. The
children met weekdays from 9 to noon with Mrs. S.H.
Rosenberg and Mrs. M.J. Rieser. Everyone who grew up at
the Center over the next 24 years remembers Tillie Rieser’s no-
nonsense approach to child etiquette and love for youth
theater.
After WWII, Jewish education at the Center began to
focus on motivation not just skills. Inculcating our young
with a love of our
traditions and culture,
a loyalty to our people
and community, the
harmony between
Americanism and
Judaism and adding
extra activities for
enjoyment became
curriculum objects.
In 1947, Ted
Gross was hired to be
the Educational
Director of all the
Center’s schools. He
ushered in a modern
era of instructional
Jewish education and
began a devoted
career that touched
our lives for over 50
years. Through his efforts, “Bas Mitzvah” for girls became
the norm. A Consecration ceremony for first year Hebrew
students was instituted. A group of skilled Torah readers was
trained and is now training our children and grandchildren.
That year, Mr. Gross invited Dr. Azriel Eizenberg, Director of
the Philadelphia Council of Jewish Education, to evaluate our
program. He reported we were “well on the road to making the
Jacksonville Jewish Center one of the outstanding schools in
the country.” Under Ted’s guidance, nearly every child of
Center members received a comprehensive Jewish education.
In 1958, the Confirmation Class had 42 students. Other
programs were seeing large class sizes as well: 638 in Sunday
School, 95 in Kindergarten, 304 in Hebrew School. In 1959, the
school building was enlarged to make room for expanding
school programs.
The Ultimate In Jewish Education
In 1961, Rabbi Moshe and Evelyn Goldblum introduced
the concept of Hebrew Day Schools to an enthusiastic, if
small, group of parents. Among its strongest supporters were
Sylvia Shorstein and Horty and Sheldon Gendzier. Through
their efforts, the Jacksonville Jewish Center opened a Solomon
Schechter Foundation School with 13 first-grade students. It
combined secular and Hebraic studies for a total educational
experience. The inclusion of Israeli-born teachers to the staff
added an authenticity to spoken Hebrew and a new spirit of
Zionism. Ten years later, under the guidance of Principal
Marilyn Sandler, the Day School program had an enrollment
of 131 in grades 1-6 and 80 in the Nursery-Kindergarten.
1976 was a monumental year as the Jacksonville Jewish
Center moved to the present Mandarin campus. The
magnificent synagogue-center envisioned 50 years earlier was
now a reality. School wings for the Day School and Preschool
allowed the program to grow at an amazing rate. Soon it
would be necessary to make two separate departments, each
with its own executives. Marilyn Sandler became Director of
the Preschool, which now included before & after school Day
Care. Willard Kennedy, a former private school headmaster,
was hired as Principal of Solomon Schechter Day School, as
it neared its 25th anniversary.
In 1977, Rabbi Dov Kentof became the Director of
Education & Youth,
and gave the
traditional Hebrew
School program a
much-needed shot in
the arm. To him,
education was not just
acquiring skills for life,
but life itself. Rabbi
Kentof’s innovative
approach included
now famous projects
of epic proportion.
Beginning with a
Jerusalem Fair in 1979,
the congregation and
Jewish community
experienced Noah’s
Ark, A Fantasy Trip to
Israel and The World
of Our Grandfathers
along with lavish Purim
celebrations and Holocaust Commemorations. Classroom
education gave students Hebrew skills and a love for Jewish
living. To Rabbi Kentof, even camping is a Jewish experience.
With youth education well in hand, Rabbi David Gaffney,
spiritual leader, turned his attention to adult education. During
his 29 years at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, he developed
the Safer Shabbaton, Setzer-Levit Memorial Lectures, Sunday
Minyanaire, Sisterhood Seminars, Adult B’nai Mitzvah
programs and a full curriculum of Jewish studies for adults.
By the 1980’s the Center was again bursting at the seams.
A massive enlargement gave much needed classroom space,
a modem computer center, play areas and an expanded library,
as well as meeting rooms and office spaces. The 1990’s saw
record enrollments in all Center school programs, and we opened
our classrooms to the community Beit Midrash, Hebrew High.
Today
Looking back on the past 100 years of education at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, we can say with pride that we
affirm the Talmud’s teaching, “The whole world rests on the
breath of children in the classroom.”
Join us on November 17th, when we celebrate
Yom HaMorim, a special day honoring the
teachers of the Center Preschool, Solomon
Schechter Day School and Center Religious School
for 100 years of Excellence in Education.
