Administration
Executive Director’s Message
It is indeed fitting that this
Yearbook, the first of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center’s new Centennial,
celebrates 100 years of education.
Education has been the cornerstone
of the Center’s existence since its earliest
days. Our commitment to education is the
very reason the Center has produced
such outstanding leadership in the
community and in our congregation over
the past century.
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Our schools benefit from state
of the art computer and science labs,
as well as the latest advances in
Judaic and secular curriculum. As in
the past, our educational programs
are led by dedicated and committed
administrators, teachers and
volunteers.
As we enter our second century
as a congregation, we can be assured
that the strong educational foundation
forged during our first one hundred
years, will carry us well into the future.
Every principal, teacher and
volunteer who has ever taken part in the educational life
of our congregation has our gratitude and admiration.
Your influence continues to inspire us and move us
forward.
A final note about our Centennial year which has
come to a close - it was a remarkable year of
celebration, transition and progress.
The Center’s commitment to education has never
been greater than it is today. On any given week, more
than 400 students participate in our many Galinsky
Educational Programs including the Solomon Schechter
Day School, Preschool, Religious School and Beit
Midrash.
The Centennial celebration, held in December 2001,
was perhaps the most memorable night in the history of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. We laughed and cried,
as we celebrated a hundred years of congregational life.
Last year, we also welcomed our first new Rabbi
in thirty years, made extensive renovations to our facility
and happily received a large influx of new members.
My hope and prayer is that we continue this
progress in the years to come and that our congregation
be blessed with happiness, health and peace.
L’ Shana Tovah from Edith, Sam, Max and me.
— Bruce Horovitz
7
