President’s Message
What an exciting time to be part of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center Family.
We have just completed celebrating the
congregation’s first 100 years. Our
mortgage is completely paid, and we have
been blessed with many new members.
Yet, challenges and opportunities remain
in the years to come.
Philip Bloom
President
Education has always been a pillar
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and will continue to
be an important focus of my administration. The Center
is one of only a handful of Conservative synagogues
around the country with a Solomon Schechter Day School
on site. We also have a strong Preschool and Religious
School. While our programming for these schools is
excellent, the need exists to continually improve the quality
and the number of programs offered to our young people,
as well as our adults. Our greatest challenge over the
next two years is to increase our membership. With a
large congregation, the demands for increased funding
may be met.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is, however, much
more than an educational facility. It is a gathering place
where the needs of each congregant, at each of life’s
milestones, is met. Like a large extended family, every
birth is cherished, every death is mourned, and every
marriage and Bar or Bat Mitzvah is celebrated as a family
event. As an extended family, the next greatest challenge
is to increase the involvement of every member.
Volunteerism must remain an important aspect of
achieving whatever goals we set. Future leaders are
needed, and our existing and past leaders must become
mentors for those coming up.
The situation in Israel over the last
year, and the events of September 11 here
at home, have created a heightened
awareness of security issues. Fortunately,
we began working on the security needs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center several
years ago. A master security plan was
already in place so our time-frame for
implementation was simply accelerated.
This past summer, security cameras were
placed throughout the property and
around the building. Additional security lighting was
installed. The security contingencies of our synagogue
will continue to be reviewed and modified to keep the
Jacksonville Jewish Center safe.
I am very excited to lead the new Officers, Board
of Directors, and Committee Chairs that have accepted
the challenge of leadership. Under their guidance and
with their enthusiasm and energy, there is so much that
can be accomplished. With the support and active
participation of every congregant, our membership will
increase, our schools will grow stronger, our after-school
education programs will flourish and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center will continue to be a leading force in the
community as well as in each of our lives.
On behalf of my wife, Linda, and our children,
Lauren and Sasha, and from all of us at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, L’Shana Tova.
— Philip Bloom
11
