Committees
Adult Education
Etta Drashin, chair
This year, the Adult Education Committee, chaired
by Etta Drashin, coordinated a wide variety of classes
to answer the diverse needs of our congregation. Hebrew
literacy, Talmud, workshops, speakers and discussion
groups formed the basis of an ongoing curriculum.
In his first year at the Center, Rabbi Stephen
Grundfast taught a variety of classes. Talmud classes
met on Sunday mornings. On Monday evenings, he
taught an Introduction to Judaism class, which was open
to Jews who wanted to learn more about their heritage,
as well as to non-Jews contemplating conversion. In the
spring, Rabbi Grundfast led three, Thursday “Lunch and
Learn” sessions at the offices of Shorstein and Shorstein.
In addition, he met with expectant couples to teach them
the Jewish traditions that deal with birth and babies. Rabbi
Grundfast’s program for members who live at the Beach
was well received. He plans more outreach of this kind
in the coming year.
Judy Grundfast held a “kumsitz,” a Hebrew sing-
a-long, in the Goldman Sukkah in early October.
Hebrew Literacy classes for those that either never
learned to read Hebrew, or needed a refresher course
was offered. Arlene Yegelwel and Etta Drashin taught
on a weekly basis. Lor the first time in several years, a
conversational Hebrew class was offered. The teacher,
Marc Leventhal, was wonderful and there was a lot of
learning and a lot of fun to be had in his class.
Israeli Dancing met, and continues to meet, every
Monday night in the Levin Indoor Playground at seven-
thirty. The dancing, which is choreographed to music
from the Shabbat liturgy as well as popular Israeli music,
has been great exercise and great fun.
On January 10, the Center hosted the 4th JTS
Llorida Institute sponsored by the Jewish Theological
Seminary, along with the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, Beth
Shalom and Beth-El Beaches
synagogues. Two senior
rabbinical students from the
Seminary, Michelle Lisher and
Menachim Creditor, led study
sessions on issues of
contemporary Jewish
observance. They
were a joy to listen to
and to learn from.
The annual Safer Shabbaton Weekend featured Dr.
Jack Wertheimer, provost at the Jewish Theological
Seminary, As scholar-in-residence his topics included:
The Jewish Lamily, Tensions
Between Jewish and Western
Values, the New Anti-
Semitism, and American Jewry
after September 11.
100 YEARS OF
EXCELLENCE
IN EDUCATION
29
