Scouting
Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14 continued the
scouting tradition begun in
1919 at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, with another
year of outdoor fun,
adventure and activities in
2001 -2002. B ob Fleet served
as Scoutmaster, and was
assisted by Assistant
Scoutmasters Louis Schwartz
and Billy Wilensky.
This year, the troop went on campouts to
Anastasia State Park, Crooked River State (Georgia)
Park, Cumberland Island National Seashore, and Walt
Disney World Fort Wilderness. At Anastasia, they
completed the St. Augustine Historic Trail hike. At
Cumberland Island, the scouts witnessed racoons
unzipping the tents and taking crackers out of their
backpacks. At Walt Disney World, the troop enjoyed
Blizzard Beach Water Park. Other activities included
miniature golf, laser tag, and go-cart racing.
The scouts built a Sukkah out of bamboo, using
lashings they learned to craft. Troop 14 participated
in Saturday morning Shabbat services at River Garden
and at the Center on Scout Shabbat. The scouts
collected and delivered hats for the Wolfson Cancer
Ward.
A lot of scouts made strides in advancement
this year. Max Schwartz and Jared Fleet became the
most recent members of Troop 14
to earn Boy Scouting’s highest
honor, the rank of Eagle. For his
Eagle project, Max collected
toiletries, which were donated to
the Sulzbacher Center for the
Homeless. Jared rebuilt the
campfire pit at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center’s campsite, for his
project. A double Eagle Court of
Honor was held at the annual Blue and Gold Banquet.
Also at the Blue and Gold Banquet, Bob Fleet, after
six years as Scoutmaster, turned over the reins to Louis
Schwartz.
Fourteen scouts attended summer camp with
Troop 14, at Camp Daniel Boone in North Carolina.
They were led by Scoutmaster Louis Schwartz, Steve
Meisel, and Scott Vining. Max Schwartz and Shaun
Jackrel went on a 2 week trek at Philmont Scout
Reservation in New Mexico.
Troop 14 looks forward to continuing its proud
tradition of providing Jewish youth with a Boy Scouting
experience. If you enjoy camping, sports, a variety of
outdoor activities, and are between the ages of 11 and
18, we invite you to participate. The troop also
welcomes participation from adults interested in
providing volunteer assistance.
For more information call Louis Schwartz
at (H) 268-8717.
Bruce Horovitz spoke to Eagle badge recipients
(r to l) Jared Fleet and Max Schwartz at the annual
Blue & Gold banquet.
Troop 14
107
