A Brief History of Education at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
1902-2002
V’shinantam L’vanecha
True to the principals of our faith, the founders of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center instituted a Hebrew School
simultaneously with the 1901 charter of Congregation B’nai
Israel, as our synagogue was then named. At first, it was in
the form of a typical European cheder, familiar to
the largely recent-immigrant membership of its day.
Over the next 100 years, education would evolve
and expand keeping pace with, and often driving,
the growth of the congregation itself. Today, we
boast an award winning system of schools that
reflects our unique southern Jewish culture, while
promoting the highest standards of education in
the Conservative tradition.
The Early Days
In 1907, when our fledgling congregation had
increased to 75 families, the first synagogue
building was erected at the corner of Jefferson and
Duval, in what was then a fashionable residential
section of Jacksonville. It was designed not only
with public worship in mind, but with much
emphasis placed on the educational activities of
the youth. To that end, provision was made in the lower level
of the building for three classrooms and a larger assembly
hall. There, the shochet and acting cantor, Rev. Benjamin
Safer, along with other melameds, taught daily lessons in
Hebrew reading and prayers and gave Bar Mitzvah training.
From the beginning, the Daughters of Israel, the
forerunner of our Center Sisterhood, were the strong promoters
of Jewish education. By 1922, they had assumed the full
responsibility of maintaining the Talmud Torah and succeeded
in instituting modern educational methods.
In 1926, Rabbi Samuel Benjamin was elected rabbi. A
graduate of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America,
Rabbi Benjamin introduced Conservative Judaism to our
Orthodox congregation and revolutionized our thinking of
the purpose of synagogues. He saw in the younger
generation a desire to adapt Jewish life to American
conditions. He promoted the idea of the “synagogue center”
as a way to reenergize and crystallize modern religious life in
our community. Rabbi Benjamin envisioned a Jacksonville
Jewish Center that would be a “magnificent structure, worthy
of the large, wealthy community” we were becoming. It would
have facilities for religious, social, cultural and educational
activities. It would attract and hold the interest of young
Jews. Rabbi Benjamin wanted to literally bring the school out
of the basement, out of the now deteriorating neighborhood,
and into beautiful classrooms that would inspire them. He
began by reorganizing B’nai Israel’s Talmud Torah.
Rabbi Benjamin had a profound affect on the
congregation. Within a short time of his arrival, the
membership increased to 200 families. He hired a professional
educator to be the principal of the Hebrew School. The
curriculum adopted by “the best Hebrew schools in the
country” was instituted. Classes for four levels of students
plus Bar Mitzvah were now taught upstairs in the vestry rooms
of B’nai Israel. A bus was engaged to bring children from all
over the city. Enrollment in May 1926, was 125 with a projection
of 200 students for that fall. Sessions continued
during the summer.
A Board of Education formed with Joseph
Witten as its chairman. Adult education classes
and programs were developed. All of Rabbi Samuel
Benjamin’s innovations have become familiar
features of Jewish education in our congregation,
and all generations since have benefited by them.
The Beginning of a New Era
On January 8,1928, the long cherished dream
of Rabbi Samuel Benjamin was realized with the
dedication of the Jacksonville Jewish Center on
the corner of 3rd and Silver Street, in Springfield.
The first payment on the Center’s site had been
made entirely from pledges of members of
Congregation B’nai Israel, and now they were its
charter members.
The building was a triumph. It housed a beautiful
sanctuary that would accommodate almost a thousand people,
a spacious auditorium with a stage for plays, lectures, meetings
and banquets, as well as game and meeting rooms. Although
most of the congregation now embraced Conservative Judaism,
the Center wished to attract all members of the Jewish
community, so it provided a chapel where Orthodox services
were held.
With education always at the forefront, a wing devoted
to the Hebrew School was attached. It had eight spacious
classrooms that could also be used for club activities. Ornate
architecture above the entrance proclaimed it “Talmud Torah
- Education and Social Service.” Though it was remodeled in
later years, most of us remember passing through these doors
on our way to Hebrew and Sunday Schools.
The Path of Progress
In 1932, Rabbi Morris Margolis, also a JTS graduate,
began a long and productive tenure. Despite the hardships of
the Depression, the Center maintained its educational
programs and even added new opportunities. A Junior
Congregation was instituted in 1934. In 1936, the Center
maintained the only Hebrew School in the vicinity with a
school building and permanent classrooms. Buses now
brought students in from the growing community of Riverside.
By 1938, education for youth was a 9-year program that
included the study of Jewish History, customs and ceremonies.
The 1939 Center Yearbook published a financial policy
that continues today, “No Jewish child is denied a Jewish
Education because the parents are unable to pay for the tuition
of their children. continued on page 2
