Committees
Shabbat Greeters Daily Minyan Captains
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the friendly volunteers who
give of their time to perform the mitzvah of welcoming people
to services with a friendly “Shabbat Shalom.” Greeting is a
good way to introduce yourself to people and make newcomers
and visitors feel welcome. We thank Martha for her dedication
to the Center and to all of the people who volunteered to greet
over the past year. Anyone interested
in joining the Shabbat Greeters, please
call Martha, 733-3671
Thank you to those who were
greeters in the 2001-2002 season:
Shirley Bielski, Linda Bloom, Cheryl
& Fred Blum, Sue Ann Blumenthal,
Ruchel & Steve Broadman, Bea
Broudy, Polina Koropova & Yefim
Brunfon, Susan & Norman Cohen,
Dereen Murray & Martin Cox, Janis
& Dave Dorman, Sandi Driben, Elayne
& Robert Feigelman, Dina & Howard Fetner, Ben Finck, Stella
Finck, Beth & Michael Fleet, Janis & Bob Fleet, Margaret
& Joel Fleet, Missy Frisch, Marilynn & Ira Goldfield, Rhoda
Goldstein, Barbara & Lewis Hunter, Rosely & Robert Kanner,
Vivian Kaplan, Ellen & Hank Kopp, Iris & Mark Kraemer,
Dodi Kress, Samantha & Michael Levin, Tracy & Oren
Margol, Faye & Steven Mizrahi, Eta Perras, Cheryl & Jay
Plotkin, Andy & Marc Raitt, Deena & Jim Richman, Leah
Robbins, Kate Robbins, Maxine & Don Romo, Joanne & Sandy
Rosenberg, Ellen & Alan Rosner, Ellen & George Rubens,
Irma Sandler, Marilyn & Nathan Sandler, Natalie Sandler,
Neil Sandler, Tammy & Martin Schemer, Risa Schneider,
Lori & Jim Schoettler, Joan & Frank Shafron, Felice &
Morris Shriftman, Lilly & Jerome Sorkin, Lois Thompkins,
Gloria Weintraub, Cathy & Dan Wilensky.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and holidays,
friendly volunteer members serve as ambassadors to Center
congregants by helping with seating, guiding and acknowledging
newcomers, and welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers help to
maintain synagogue decorum which preserves the beauty of the
service for all of us. We thank all of our ushers for their efforts
throughout the year.
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten men. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
We thank those who served as minyan captains during
the 2001-2002 season: Jack Bettman, Raymond Cohen, Jack
Mizrahi, Fred Kupperman, Joseph Shacter, David Schmerer,
Jack Silverman, Edward Tannen, Billy Wilensky, Evan
Yegelwel, Leon Yergin, Seeman Zimmerman and Bill Zoske.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish
when you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe the captains
not only our thanks, but also our participation, in order to
continue providing a minyan for each service. Please become
a “regular” for at least one minyan a week. Call Dave
Schmerer, Religious Committee Chair, at 268-9168.
It is with deep sadness that we mark the passing of one
of our most devoted minyan captains, Philip Selber, who
served longer than any other captain. He will be especially
missed by those attending services on Friday afternoons and
Sunday mornings.
Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
Minnie Schreiber and May Goldie Stillman, Chairs
This maginificent library is the result of 50 years of
devotion and assistance from countless synagogue members
to whom we are eternally grateful. Those who served in 2001-
2002 were: Chairs - May Goldie Stillman and Minnie Schreiber.
Committee - Svetlana Goldiner, Roselyn Selber and Blanche
Slott. Assistants - Debbie & Stephanie Schacter.
The Center Library began in 1959. Philip Selber had
attended a United Synagogue Convention, where the
importance of a Judaic library was emphasized. He felt that the
Jacksonville Jewish Center needed such a library, and
expressed his desire to his wife Roselyn. This became her
project.
Books were gathered from everywhere in the building at
3rd & Silver Streets. Funds were obtained from the Center
Sisterhood as well as from individual synagogue members.
Roselyn Selber was assisted in her endeavors by Minnie
Boatwright, Charlotte Glossman and many young people, who
are adult members of our congregation, today.
From this modest beginning, we now have the Henry
Kramer Library and Resource Center which houses the
Solomon Schechter Day School Library, Tofield Reading Room
and the Hebrew/Yiddish Collection.
We are proud that our library belongs to the prestigious
fraternity of libraries and gatherings of Judaica and Hebraica.
23
2001-2002 Shabbat Ushers
Stuart Appelbaum, Scott Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred
Blum, Philip Bloom, Stuart Cohen, Mike Herring, Joel
Morris, Carl Passen, Fred Pozin, Jim Richman, Harris
Rittenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David
Schmerer, Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry
Shmunes, Steve Solomon, Randall Smith and Tom
Spriggs.
