M a s a d o
LOUIS 'SAFER
President
Officers
President Louis Safer
Vice President Harold Bloom
Secretary .. Irwin Gendzier
Treasurer Harry Koenigsberg
Executive Board Julius Friedlin
Leo Moskowitz
Joe P. Safer
With the return of many Jev/ish veterans to Jacksonville,
Masada, Yeung Zionists of America, one of the strongest
young men’s organizations of the pie-war Jewish community,
was reorganized.
The reorganization movement, initiated by the local Z. 0. A.
and furthered by the able assistance of Carl Alpert, nationally
known Zionist figure, culminated in the election of Harry
Lasris as president at a meeting attended by twenty-five
members. Other officers elected at the time were Joe P.
Safer, vice-president; Manny Ehrlich, secretary; Louis Safer,
treasurer; Henry Halpern, Harold Bloom and Leo Moskowitz
on the Executive Board.
immediately following their reorganization, Harry Lasris and
Louis Safer were sent as delegates to the national convention
held in New York. At this convention, Louis Safer was
elected a member of the National Executive Council of
Masada.
Inspired by the report of the delegates as to the important
work that Masada could do in the establishment of the Jewish
Homeland in Palestine, the local group launched a membership
drive which almost doubled their membership.
Masada’s sp.ing elections found Louis Safer as president;
Harcld Blocm as vice-president; Irwin Gendzier, secretary;
Harry Koeningsberg, treasurer; and Joe P. Safer, Leo Mos¬
kowitz, and Julius Friedlin, on the Executive Board.
Masada sent two delegates, Twin Gendzier and Irving Scott,
to the Southeastern Regional convention held in Birmingham
on Labor Day, and at that convention, both delegates were
named to the Executive Board of the Southeastern Region.
Included in the program engaged in by the local group dur¬
ing the year were numerouse cultural and social activities,
besides their work in the Zionist field.
The only fund raising affair sponsored by the local group
was the presentation of the play “Out of the Frying Pan”' in
conjunction with Junior Hadassah. The great success of this
play which was enjoyed by several hundred persons, indicates
that this joint venture with Junior Hadassah will become an
annual event. Hans for a fall fund raising affair have al¬
ready begun as Masada intends to sponsor a minstrel show,
made up of old-time A. Z. A. peí forméis.
With the Zionist movement gaining momentum daily and
with a show down concerning plans for the Jewish national
homeland in Palestine drawing nearer, Masada will endeavor
to increase its activities this year s d that the young men of
Jacksonville will be able to take their place along side of the
young men mother American communities in demanding jus*
tice for the Jewish people of the world.
b-ftCE Ü-íaOS O'
»04£ist(i<s2m-t)'«as»b'«a»()«a»(4'>
I King's Seed Co.
| FLOWERS - BULBS - EVERGREENS
I VEGETABLE SEEDS - SHRUBS
I
j 140 East Bay Street Phone 5-4781
Compliments of
Rivers Body
Factory, Inc.
Truck Body Builders
¿304 N. Myrtle Ave. — Phone 5-0043
oegel
ing Co.
Plumbing and Heating
1463 San Marco Blvd.
Phone 9-2646
o«aacu«a^o c
Page Fifty-One
