Daughters
MRS. JACOB BECKER
President
Officers
President ..Mrs. Jacob J. Becker
First Vice President .Mrs. Abe Newman
Second Vice President-—.—-—.-,, .—Mrs. Irvin Rothstein
Third Vice President— —Mrs. Harry Jaffe
Recording Secretary .... .......Mrs, Norman Moss
Corresponding Secretary.. ......Mrs, Joe) F\ec\
Financial Secretary............... .Mrs. Bernard Davi§
Jacob Plooro
The activities of the Daughters of Israel during the past
year, under the leadership of Mrs. Charles Fink, president of
the organization for the past two years, have brought close
to realization the ideals and goals of the group for the better¬
ment of the Jewish Center.
These plans visualized by the entire membership, became
realities through the cooperation and expenditures of efforts
by both the executive board and the general membership.
Among the most important accomplishments were the gen¬
eral improvements made to the Center building, including the
carpeting of the aisles in the synagogue, the screening of the
auditorium, outfitting of the Rabbi’s study, furnishing of the
Cantor’s study, supplying of kitchen equipment, the installa¬
tion of a public address system, to be used in the synagogue
and auditorium, and many other similar improvements.
Refreshment! indicative of the specific holidays throughout
the year were provided for the children of the Sunday School
and Hebrew School. Seders were sponsored as models to
demonstrate to the children the customs and ceremonies eon*
nested with Passover.
Of Israel
Prizes were awarded to outstanding pupils of the Sunday
and Hebrew Schools, and teachers of the Sunday School were
presented with cash gifts for their services throughout the
year.
The civic work was outstanding, especially in the Tubercu¬
losis Seal sales, and in the work undertaken with the Com¬
munity Council and the Joint Distribution Committee for
overseas relief. The Daughters of Israel have donated sub¬
stantially to the local Red Cross, Hope Haven Hospital, Tuber¬
culosis Association, and the National Council of Jews and
Christians. Excellent work has also been accomplished in the
Red Cross sewing groups, bandage rolling and U. S. 0.
hospitality.
Two affairs, the Annual Thanksgiving Dance and New
Year’s Eve Dance were brilliant successes in the seasons social
activities. The proceeds helped to support the financial needs
of the organization.
Much credit for the success of the past two years is due to
Mrs. Charles Fink, outgoing President, who has labored un¬
tiringly in the constant aim of the organization to be of
maximum aid wherever possible in the betterment of Jewish
community life.
Mrs. Jacob Becker, newly elected president, has issued the
following New Year’s message to the membership of the
Daughters °f Israel*
f<prom the Ta|mud, we learn that “God’s Blessings are
granted through the woman of the house.”
MTHis implication immediately offers a challenge to woman-
kind, for our sages surely felt that their observation was
justly deserved and in their wisdom reasoned that certain
duties must ever remain the responsibility of woman.
“When we examine this in the light of the many perplexing
questions which confront us, not only in relation to our own
families, but in a larger sense—our community and our peo¬
ple everywhere, we become fully aware of the significance of
such a comment. It then becomes apparent that the duties of
any any woman are not only to care for the physical welfare
of her family but to enlarge the sphere of her services; min¬
ister to the cultural needs and develop an appreciation for
Jewish values.
“If we are to keep faith with ourselves and sincerely de¬
sirous of fulfilling our obligations, then the message of the
New Year should reveal to us very tlearly our aims and
pu,poses—our deep sense of duty to our people. As befits
true ‘Daughters of Israel' let us dedicate ourselves to promote
a better educational program which is the Srux of our present
day problems,"
Tixirty-Sevos*
