B’Nai B‘Rith Women of Jacksonville
Mrs. Max Meyer
President
OFFICERS
President
Vice President
Corresponding Secretary
Secretary
Treasurer
Mrs. Max Meyer
Mrs. A1 Edwards
Mrs. Sam Bryan
Mrs. Maurice Bartley
Mrs. Sidney J. Brown
Through the B’Nai B’rith Women of Jacksonville,
the name of B’nai B’Rith has become well known
in the community. The local Red Cross Chapter
has recognized it as a significent group and on tobe
depended upon to work in any capacity. It has re¬
sponded to all Red Cross activities such as sewing
groups, surgical dressings, knitting, blood donors,
nutrition and canteen aids, civilian defense work,
salvage collections, etc.
The auxiliary is credited with furnishing eight
day rooms, servicing of four ships with portable
organs and game kits, two regular monthly visitat¬
ions to the Jacksonville Naval Air Station Hospital,
U. S. O. dances at our Center and Temple on
Saturdays and Sundays, and parties for service men
in the day rooms, in addition to affairs sponsored
with B’Nai B’Rith groups.
The Auxiliary is now engaged in, in cooperation
with the Men’s lodge in furnishing a reception
room for the Veteran’s Hospital in Lake City.
Mrs. Max Meyer, President of the group, has
made the following New Year’s statement: “It is
a great satisfaction to know that the name of B’Nai
B’Rith Women is becoming known in Jacksonville.
Other organizations have come to recognize us as
a significent group, one that can be depended upon
to work in any capacity it is called upon. The B’Nai
B’Rith women of Jacksonville has set a high stan¬
dard for themselves and will continue to work so
as to be an outstanding link in the chain of chap¬
ters in District 5’’.
“May I take this opportunity to express my sincere
thanks to my loyal fellow officers, whose efficiency
dependability, and willing spirit, made possible
the great work we have done”.
COMPLIMENTS
OF
FLORIDA STATE THEATRES
OF
JACKSONVILLE
Florida - Palace - Temple - Arcade
Capitol - Brentwood
San Marco - Empress - Imperial
Fairfax - Roxy
Page Eighty beven
