River Garden Hebrew Home For The Aged
Sidney Entman
Director
Officers
Ira Stein ...Chairman
Joe Becker ...Vice Chairman
Mrs. Nathan Dwoskin Secretary
Dr. Sam Witten Treasurer
in accordance with the modern concepts of institutional
care. Within the four walls of River Garden there is
complete community living. The Home not only pro¬
vides for scientifically prepared diets, but also conforms to
the.precepts of orthodox Kassruths.
Medical, dental, optometry, chiropody, and pharmaceutical
services are provided for by our Medical Board, who so gra¬
ciously and generously donate their services to the Home.
The Medical Board is under the direction of Dr. Jacob V.
Safer, Medical Director.
The religious life of the residents of River Garden is ob¬
served in a beautifully furnished chapel, where seivices are
held by the residents themselves on the Sabbath and holidays.
For their cultural and recreational needs, there is a well
stocked library of Jewish and English books, movies are shown
frequently, as well as a program of forums, lectures, and out¬
ings to points of interest in the surrounding community.
A program of occupational therapy has been instituted.
The residents engage in those activities in which they are
interested. These include leather goods, pottery, painting and
carpentry.
River Garden is a demonstration model. Its faciliites are
limited. It is difficult at this time to take care of the chron¬
ically ill and bedridden patients who need care most. In the
near future River Garden plans to expand and construct a new
and modern building to provide more adequate care for the
aged Jews of Florida.
(Continued on Page 61)
March 24, 1946 marked the opening of River
Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged. Thus was
added to the already impressive list of social, wel¬
fare, and relegious activities, a new kind of service
to the Jacksonville Jewish community. This service
is to give protected care to our aged Jewish breth¬
ren.
River Garden is the result of twenty-five years
of effort, devotion, and struggle to carry out the
dreams and hopes of the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering
Aid Society of Jacksonville. This society' was
founded in 1920, when a group of noble-hearted
women organized to take care of the problems of
some of our more unfortunate fellow Jews. In
carrying out their humane and kind deeds, they
discovered the need for a Home to care for the
aged.
Since the opening of River Garden, the program
has been under the direction of Sidney
Entman, Executive Director. The Horn 5 is run
RIVER GARDEN HOME
Page Fifty-Nine
