Jewish Welfare Society
MORTON HIRSCHBERG
President
Officers
President Morton R. Hirschberg
First Vice President I. M. Lieberman
Second Vice President Sidney J. Brown
Treasurer Joseph M. Glickstein
Executive ecretary Mrs. Estelle G. Stern
Mr. David Davis. Mr. Davis’ fine inspiration, his helping
hand and his wise counsel will be sorely missed. The great¬
est tribute that can be paid to his memory will be the earnest
continuance of the work which was so dear to his heart, to
the greatest good of the greatest number of unfortunate men,
women and children. Death also took from the organization
two of its most valued board members, Miss Ray Halle and
Mrs. Nathan Max. “May the memory of the righteous be
for a blessing.”
Morton R. Hirschberg, first vice-president of the Society,
was elected president upon the death of Mr. Davis. A word
of praise is also due Miss Cassie Joel for her indefatigable
efforts as chairman of the jail and hospital committee.
The principal problem facing the Society at the present
time seems to be that of finding houses for the handicapped
and foster homes for children, and an earnest plea is sounded
here for homes for these unfortunate co-religionists. In con¬
nection with this problem, Mrs. Estelle Stern, Executive Sec¬
retary of the Society stated, “Surely there can be no greater
form of charity, no finer way of showing our gratiaude to
God for our many blessings, than to provide shelter for the
sick, the blind, the lame, and for little children deprived, by
various causes and through no fault of their own, of their
parents; to help them feel a little less the fact that they are
burdens to society, and to give them some small sense of
security, of belonging.”
The Jewish Welfare Society, an agency of the Jacksonville
Community War Chest, has, during the past season, continued
to assist families and individuals with whatever has been the
requirement in each case, from financial aid to psychological
advice. Community problems have also been given their full
share of consideration.
The organization suffered a read tragedy this year in the
death of its president and guiding spirit for the past 26 years,
Recently a survey has been made, by Mr. Sidney Jacobs,
Regional Director of the Council of Jewish Federations and
Welfare Funds, of the activities of the local Jewish Welfare
Society, in view of broadening the scope of the organization.
Friends of the Jewish Welfare Society are reminded that
when wishing to perpetuate the memory of a friend or loved
one it is well to contribute to the Memorial Fund of the
Society.
Page Sixty-Three
