Zionist Organization of America
John Becker
President
OFFICERS
Jacob Bcker
Herbert Sandler
Harry Sob el
William Silverman
President
Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
the District always included interesting programs,
made available through the efforts of the Program
Chairman, Mr. Isadore Moscovitz. A round table
discussion was held on the subject, *’Resolved that
Armed Resistance by Jews in Palestine is Justifiable
and Necessary to the Achievement of the Zionist
Goal”.
Through the efforts of Mr. Isadore Greenberg,
the Jacksonville Zionist District was successful in
securing free time over Radio Station WMBR every
Sunday morning for the presentation of ’’The Drama
of Palestine”.
from 250 to
^cksonville looks
to its ensuing year of activity with a certainty of a
measure of success. Jacob Becker, President of the
District, made t'he following New Year’s statement:
”The Jacksonville Jewish Community has ex¬
pressed its steadfast belief in t’he ideals of the Zion
ist Movement through the gratifying addition in the
rolls of the local Zionist District. We have now
over four hundred members - - an increase of al¬
most 100o/c compared to last year’s record. I’m
convinced that’ the Zionist idea is firmly entrenched
here, despite the insignificantly small vociferous
minority in the inner chambers of our community.
‘’Judaism without Zionism is only a hollow shell
where the assimilationists and escapists are trying
to hide their inferiority complex. The light of reason
and the course of history are bound to expose their
folly eventually.
The local District of the Zionist Organization
continued its progress of the past several years, with
another period of continued membership growth
and cultural attainment.
The local branch opened its season with a protest
meeting against the British Government’s policy
concerning Palestine, sponsored jointly with
Hadassah The season was highlighted by the Sou¬
thern Zionist Region conference held in Jacksonville,
with the local district as hosts. Through the ener¬
getic leadership of Harry Katz, conference chairman
the meeting proved to be one of the most success¬
ful conferences in the history of the Southeastern
Region. Mrs. Harry Katz and Rabb i David H.
Panitz, who planned the conference agenda, both
played necessary and important roles in assuring the
success of the conference.
The District was singularly fortunate in having
had a Zionist dynamo in the form of Mr. Carl
Alphert, whose tireless devotion to all phases of
Jewish life was of immense benefit to the District.
The bi-weekly luncheons of the executive comm¬
ittee proved to be of considerable aid in increasing
the efficiency of the organization. The meetings of
The present situation of the Jewish People, par¬
ticularly those who are still on the volcanic European
Continent', is very dark indeed. Our history is re¬
plete with such colossal tragedies. No people can
compare with us when we count our national calam¬
ities. Zion has always been the only light in the far
distance which guided our difficult path in t'he
struggle for survival. No brutal force is strong
enough to extinguish forever an idea and a cause
that is just. Truth is bound to triumph ultimately.
Our fight’ for Zion will persist as long as we, as a
people, will continue to exist.
’’The year 5 707 belongs to the Hitler era due t'o
British policy. Many of our so-called friends and
protectors picked up the threads where Himmler
left them. Our wounds hurt so much more because
the insults and injuries are being committed under
the guise of progressive labor humanitarianism.
Only inner strength will help us pull through the
present dilemna. Faith, Courage and perseverance
will finally result in the realization of a Jewish Nat¬
ional Home in Eretz Yisroel.
Page Seventy On<
