Center Sunday Religious School
The Sunday School, consisting of ten regular grades and
one kindergarten group, completed a year of continued pro¬
gress. This one day a week school offers a ten-year curric¬
ulum in history, customs and ceremonies.
Under the supervision of Rabbi David H. Panitz, the Sun¬
day School’s educational program achieved new heights with
its newly introduced curriculum. Aside from the newly in¬
troduced inter-class competition program, a new incentive of
competition for the individual students in the form of an
Honor Roll, proved to be very successful this year. Jacque¬
line Falis receive dthe Florence Mae Bono award for her
achievement in her essay.
This year’s graduation class, though comparatively small,
with only eight members, was a very impressive group at its
Confirmation exercises held on June 5, with Rabbi Panitz and
Cantor Harry Bettman officiating.
The Sunday School staff consisted of the following: Martha
Magezis, Mildred Leonard, Mrs.M . J. Reiser, Gertrude Meyer¬
hof f, Mrs. Shelby Traeger, Bernice Margol, Martha Mosco-
vitch, Mrs. Carl Alpert, Mrs. David Panitz, Mrs. Irvin Roth-
stein, Philip Selber, Harry Broida, Isadore Moscovitz* Carl
Alpert and Rabbi David Panitz.
In addition to the regular curriculum, appropriate assem¬
blies were held commemorating the holidays, with playlets
and dramatic skits being presented. A special Lag B’ Omer
picnic was held on the Sunday of the holiday, with special
games and attractions being presented at the City Zoo.
Special contests were continued for best Sunday attendance,
the best weekly attendance at Sabbath services and the best
percentage of contribution to th weekly Keren Ami Social
Service fund.
Photo on the Left:
The Center Day Camp
visits the local Naval Air
Station. Many similar visits
and tours were undertaken
by the Camp as part of the
Camp program.
Compliments
of
ELI EDWARDS
Owner
i
i
SMITH & EDWARDS
GARAGE
Complete Automotive Work
Body and Fender Painting
702 W. ADAMS ST. PHONE 5-0781
EDWARDS GARAGE
45 S. HOGAN ST.
Inside Storage and Parking
PHONE 3-2077
Page Twenty-Seven
