Jewish Center Men's Club
HERBERT SANDLER
President
Officers
President Herbert Sandler
Vice President Julius Levin
Dr. Julius Sloat
Leo Weinstein
Louis Safer
Secretary Moe B. Safer
Treasurer Joe Krestul
Executive Committee Eugene L. Henry
Lou Feigenbaum
Irving Cohen
Sam Bryan
Completing its first year as an integral part of the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center, the Center Men’s Club made great progress
in its effort to achieve its desired program in aiding the work
cf the parent organization,
Scarcely more than a year ago the Center Men’s Club was
organized with the intention of relieving the Center of many
of its burdens, the type of undertakings that an organization
of its kind could successfully accomplish. A program was
adopted and partially achieved in improving the religious
services, the educational and cultural activities, the rec na¬
tional program and the all important youth work of the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center. A program of good fellowship in the
nature of supper meetings and entertainment was launched
to give the Center membership the feeling of “belonging”
rather* than the status of paper membership. The Men’s
Club also undertook, as Jews, to keep the Center membership
abreast of the developments of the times, by holding dis¬
cussions and debates on topics vital to the welfare of the
membership.
Each meeting featured a dinner meeting with a well pre¬
pared cultural program. Among the programs enjoyed by
the members was a Monte Carlo Night and a Quiz contest,
as part of a “Ladies Night” program. Another meeting
featured the discussion, “Can American Jewry Fashion An
Effective Educational Program for Jewish Survival”, the dis¬
cussion being led by Rabbi Panitz, Rabbi Lefkowitz and Mr.
and Mrs. Carl Alpert. At a special supper meeting, honoring
returned service men, a discussion was held on the subject,
“Whether Or Not The Occupation of Germany is Succeeding”,
with former service men, Harold Bloom, Irving Klepper and
Ernest Reis as participants and Harry Broida as moderator.
One program was supplied by the Young Judaean debators,
who presented a debate on the subject, “For the Present,
Zionists Should Place the Emphasis on Sending Refugees to
Palestine, Rather Than Political Demands”.
With a fuller and more complete program already formed
for the coming year, the members of the Center Men’s Club
are looking forward to an even greater year of accnmplish-
ments.
| A & A UPHOLSTERING CO. j
1 I
c a
FURNITURE UPHOLSTERING - REFINISHING AND
REPAIRING BY FACTORY EXPERTS
I I
I Free Estimates — Reasonable Priees — Prompt Service
I I
I 930 WEST BAY STREET TELEPHONE 3-1431 I
_ ___ _ \
Page Thirty-Nine
