Religious Activities of the Center
The Center occupies an unusual position in offering religious facilities
for both the Orthodox and Conservative elements of the community.
ORTHODOX SERVICES
For these orthodox adherents, the institution maintains a
separate congregation on the High Holy Days, featuring strict
adherence to the orthodox type of service, including segrega¬
tion of sexees. It also máintains a year-round cycle of ortho¬
dox services, such as the early Friday evening service (Kabala
Shabbos) and all holiday services. It has also aided the
orthodox group in all of its endeavors to promote a more in¬
tensive type of orthodox observance.
CONSERVATIVE SERVICES
On the other hand, while catering to the needs of orthodox
Jewry, the Center has with the same interest and vigor con¬
tinued to develop a conservative type of service for those de¬
siring this trend in worship. As a result, late Friday evening
services have been developed into the most successful phase
of the year-round religious activities of the Center. During
the past year the services were conducted by Rabbi David H.
Panitz and Cantor Harry Bettman. Several visiting Rabbis
also conducted services from the pulpit during the summer
months, among these were: Rabbi J. Leon Hurwitz of Butler,
Pennsylvania, Rabbi Samuel Geffen of Teaneck, New Jersey,
Rabbi Hyman Cohen of Meridan, Connecticut, Rabbi Harry Z.
Zwelling of New Britain, Connecticut and Rabbi Carl L.
Manello of Wichita, Kansas,
Organizations participating in the services included the
Jacksonville Zionist District, Senior Hadassah, Young Judaean
Clubs, Boy Scout Troop 14, Girl Scout Troop 2, Cub Pack
14, Daughters of Israel, Junior Hadassah, and A. Z; A.
RELIGIOUS STAFF
For the first time in a number of years, the Center last
year, had a complete staff to handle the religious duties of the
institution. Rabbi David H. Panitz conducted all services
and assumed the spiritual guidance of the congregation. Rev.
Harry Bettman officiated as cantor at all services and assisted
the rabbi in the various ritual ceremonies held during the year.
Rabbi Safer conducted the orthodox services on Saturday
mornings and acted in the capacity of second cantor, reader
and mohel.
Although the Center on one hand increased its staff, it
suffered a serious loss in the resignation of Rev. J. Robin from
the Center staff due to ill health. Rev. Robin had acted for
the past thirteen years as sexton. In addition to his various
religious duties, Rev. Robin also supervised the maintenance
of the building and handled the preparation of the bar
mitzvahs. His loss will be hard to fill.
With the resignation of Rabbi Panitz, Rabbi Harry Z.
Zwelling of New Britain, Connecticut, has been called to the
pulpit of the Center. Succeeding Cantor Bettman will be
Cantor Abraham Marton, who comes to the Center from the
Madison Jewish Center in Brooklyn. Cantor Marton is al¬
ready training and developing a Junior and Senior Choral
Group to participate in the Sabbath services.
Palmer's
Beauty Shop
HAIR STYLIST
St. James Building
Phoné 5-1946
1BLLL
McNAMEE &■ JACOBSEN
507D7
SIGNS
6 SOUTH
NEWNAN
Over 30 years T^elicible Service
'Ewinty-l'Sim
