SENIOR HADASSAH
Mrs. Harry Katz
President
OFFICERS
President
First Vice President
Second Vice President
Treasurer
Secretary
Financial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Mrs. Harry Katz
Mrs. Herman Klauser
Mrs. Seymour Burns
Mrs. Mac Presser
Mrs. Lou Feigenbaum
Mrs. David Rothstein
Mrs. Helman Setzer
Mrs. Joe M. Witten
The Senior Hadassah Chapter of Jacksonville,
organized over two decades ago, has grown to a
membership well over 500. Through the capable
leadership of its officers and with the cooperation
of the many loyal and devoted women, it is today
considered one of the outstanding model chapters
in the southeastern region.
As part of the biggest Zionist organization in the
United States, it is the spearhead for activity on be¬
half of the people of Palestine, and the tens of
thousands of refugees who hope to settle there.
Striving to make Palestine the most healthful area
in the Middle East, so that the Jewish pioneers may
continue their nationhood, strong of body, sure of
mind and high of hope - - Hadassah maintains such
projects as infant welfare clinics, hospital and med¬
ical centers, supervises school hygiene, provides
school luncheons and has vocational education and
recreational centers. It also cooperates in Youth
Aliyah and in conjunction with Jewish National
Fund reforestration and land buying.
Participating in the supporting of these phases,
the local unit of Senior Hadassah, sponsors a num¬
ber of outstanding affairs during the year, empha¬
sizing some special project.
Among these are the Thrift Luncheon for the
support of the school luncheons; the Linen Shower
whereby many useful linens are gathered for
use in the hospitals and for refugees, and the sew¬
ing circles that function throughout the year, display
their handiwork.
The social events of the year include a Member¬
ship Tea. when paid-up members are entertained,
a brilliant Donors Banquet, in celebration of the
completion of the Hadassah Medical Organization
fund drive, and a gala Fall Dance.
For its educational program, the chapter sponsors
a number of Oneg Shabbat gatherings during the
year, and conducts a novel Education Day program.
Through this medium Jewish history and culture is
brought to the membership in the form of book re¬
views, lectures, symposiums, and discussions that
lead to a better understanding and appreciation of
our heritageas a Jew.
To strengthen cooperative relationships within the
Hadassah family here, joint meetings are held
annually with the Business and Professional Womens
Division and with Junior Hadassah. The Seniors also
take an active part in the youth work of the comm¬
unity, lending guidance and assistance to the Young
Judaea groups and to the Youth Commission.
For PRINTING Service
CALL 5-2886
ATLANTIC PUBLISHING CO.
PRINTERS
HAPPY NEW YEAR
ASHERS CHOCOLATES
Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Akins, Owner
1449 Miami Road Phone 9-2455
South Jacksonville
LODGES - CLUBS - PARTIES
825 WEST FORSYTH STREET
OUR SPECIALTY
Page Eighty Three
