Double Gold Stars
THEIR LEGACY IS PEACE
BY HELEN KANTZLER
Among the families who mourn the loss of 10,780 Jews
already known to have died fighting for America there are
known to be at least 90 Jewish families, each of whom sac¬
rificed two sons in the bitter war against the Axis. Accord-
ing to documented casualty lists of the National Jewish Wel¬
fare Board (JWB) Bureau of War Records, in one family
alone death struck three times, leaving the grief-stricken par¬
ents bereft of sons.
These are facts which proclaim the sacrifice of American
Jewish lads who gave their lives to leave a legacy of peaces
these are facts which do honor to the sorrowing mothers and
fathers whose bravery in suffering equals their sou s heroism.
From America’s towns and cities, from farms, offices, fac¬
tories, shops and schools, young Jews of this country joined
the armies of liberation to free the enslaved and oppressed.
Among the typical cases of brothers who died in service to>
bring freedom to the world—for lack of space, the story of
courage and sacrifice revealed by all the double gold star cases
cannot be told here—were the three Liebfeld boys from St,
Paul Minn. Lt. Sigmund Liebfeld, a Librator Bomber pilot
and vetran of three years in the Army Air Corps, was return¬
ing to his home base in England from a raid over Europe when
his plane was lost over the 'English Channel—just one month
after his brother, Morris, a Marine lieutenant, had been killed
in the Pacific during an assault on Saipan.
The bereaved parents, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Liebfeld, receiv¬
ed some measure of comfort from the knowledge that their
only surviving son, serving with the American forces in Eng¬
land, would not b e sent to the front lines. In cases of mul¬
tiple deaths in one family, the sole remaining son was not kept
in combat area. Sam, an aviation engineer, was thus recalled
from England and assigned to flight test duties in the IX S„
Risky as his assignments were—his work included the testing:
of jet-propelled planes—Sam escaped danger time and again*
only to meet death near Minneapolis in a plane crash during
a routine flight. Three sons had left, none came back home
again.
The story of the Emmer boys of Clayton, Mo., is especially
dramatic because of the coincidence of circumstances which
surrounded their death. First, 19-year old Raymond Emmer
was killed with a Browning automatic rifle in his hand, some¬
where in Germany, on the birthday of his brother, Captain
Wallace Emmer, ace flyer of Word War II, who held a record
of 18 enemy planes shot down in combat. A year later Cap¬
tain Emmer, determined to avenge the death of his closest
friend who was shot down over Germany, piloted his Mustang
over enemy territory. Flak hit his plane and he was forced
to bail out. He died of heart failure, a prisoner of the
Germans.
Double tragedy struck the home of Jacob and Mary Gans
of the Bronx, N. Y., too. Only a few days apart they received
War Department notifications that 22-year old Solomon,' a
lieutenant in the Infantry, had been killed in France, and that
their other son, Ralph, had died in England four weeks later.
Other double gold star families are the Wilners of Washing¬
ton, D. C., whose boys, Bernard, an army major, and John,
a tank company commander, died in the cause of freedom;
the Lowes of Jamaica, L. I., whose two sons, David and
Gordon, were killed in action; the Weissmans of Chicago who
lost both sons in Germany—Leonard, a lieutenant colonel in
the Medical Corps, and Louis, a navigator on a bombing
plane; the Steins of Mt. Pleasant, Tenn., whose son, Morris,
was killed in the Philippines less than a year after his brother,
Hyman, who was in France on D-Day, succumbed in the Battle
of Normandy; Mrs. Harris Lumberg of Long Beach, Calif.,
whose boys, Bernard and Milton Sahl, gave their lives for
victory over fascism; the Heismans of Philadelphia, who lost
two sons—Bernard, holder of a Silver Star for “gallantry in
action” and Herbert, killed in the North African campaign.
These and 34 others are the families who made the greatest
sacrifice of all, who gave two sons that the world might be
safeguarded against the evil of tyranny. Their children,
Jewish fighters from communities throughout the U. S., served
with their Christian brothers, generously, courageously and
without thought of the cost, that America might live in a world
without fear.
Page Seventeen
