Foreword
It is with a great deal of pleasure that we present our
annual Jewish Center Year Book and Directory, this being
our 43rd annual presentation.
We wish to thank the numerous commercial advertisers and
those who extended their annual New Years greetings through
the medium of our book. We extend to them our heartfelt
thanks and appreciation for their help in making possible the
publication of this book. We wish to take this opportunity to
wish them a healthy, happy and prosperous New Year.
As the members of the institution know, proceeds from the
publication of this book go toward the maintenance of the
Center’s program, providing as it does for the educational,
religious, cultural and social needs of the Jewish community
of Jacksonville. With the tremendous increase in the size of
the book during the past several years, this source of income
has become an integral part of the financial set up of the
Jewish Center, we therefore take this opportunity of calling
to the attention of our membership the directory of advertisers,
which this year will be found on the pages directly following.
We hope that our members will take cognizance of the various
firms that are listed among our advertisers and we feel cer¬
tain that they will cooperate with the Center by patronizing
these firms that have cooperated so well with us.
As in the past, this Year Book contains the usual features
which are valuable for year round information and which form
a record of the activities of the past year. The Hebrew-
English calendar may be referred to on every occasion for
the exact date of a holiday or a memorial occasion and our
complete membership list is a constant source of information
for the Jewish Community. The complete statistics on births,
bar mitzvahs, marriages, deaths, confirmations, etc. are a per¬
manent record forming the historical record of a community.
The pages of this book record the activities of the various
affiliated organizations, outline past activities and set forth
the plans and aspirations of the Center for the future.
In conclusion, we wish to thank all of the organizations that
have so graciously cooperated with our staff in the publication
of this book.
Center Year Book Staff
Hyman Selber, Chairman
*3eM’04M-0'<
Member Federal Reserve System and Federal Insurance Corporation
jfeBARMETT
NATIONAL^BANK
£>§, jaxk&jytwiik.
DEPARTMENTS — Commercial • Savings • Safe Deposit
Collection • Investment Service Department • Ladies
Trust and Financing • Fire and Casualty • Insurance Premiums
Page Five
