B'Nai B'Hith Youth Commission
Officers
Chairman T Ozeas Marcus
Secretary Miss Mary Hecht
Treasurer ....Max Becker
Religious Chairmen Rabbi Sidney Lafkowitz
Mrs. I. Silverberg
Cultural Chairmen M. J. Reiser
Mrs. Sidney J. Brown
Community Service Chairmen Mrs. Edith Galoob
Max Becker
Athletic Chairmen Mrs. M. J. Reiser
Sam Bergman
Social Chairmen Harry Jaffee
Mrs. David Cowan
Though only one year old, the Youth Commission of the
local B’nai B’rith groups showed considerable progress during
the past year in developing and strengthening the three junior
divisions of the B’nai B’rith organization.
The B’nai B’rith group, which is the central executive group
guiding the work of all the youth groups, assumes the respon¬
sibility for the moral, cultural and financial support of the
several groups. It also aims to coordinate the work of the
groups into a single overall program.
The B’nai B’rith groups consist of the A. Z. A., for boys m
age group of fifteen to eighteen; the B’nai B’rith Girls, for
girls in the same age group; the B’nai B’rith Young Women,
for young women between the ages of eighteen and twenty-
lve. All three of the organizations maintain a well-rounded
program, divided into five phases of activity; religious, com¬
munity service, cultural, social and athletic.
All of the groups have compiled excellent war service
records and are still engaged in a number of post-war service
projects. The membership of the groups has been greatly
increased during the past year and several joint activities
sponsored. The outstanding project of the year was the
highly successful annual bazaar, the proceeds of which were
divided among the three organizations to assist them in carry¬
ing on their programs. The .B’nai B’rith Youth Commission
is composed of representatives from the men’s lodge and the
women’s auxiliary, together with representatives from the
youth organizations themselves. The work of the commission
is so divided that one man and one woman form the chairmen
of the five phases of the overall program.
“ “*
j Compliments of
Compliments of
o
1 SHEPHARD BROS. CO.
idersfield Motor j
INC.
i
Rebuilding fir Exchange Co.
1 Edgewood Ave. Phone 2-0324
1038 Miami Road Phone 9-2447
Greetings
Greetings
MERMAID TAVERN
GENERAL LINEN
SUPPLY CO.
AND
ROSE ROOM
JACKSONVILLE BEACH
¡
411 East Bay Street Phone 5-3005
1
Opposite Pier j
FINE FOODS AND LIQUORS j
Page Fifty-Two
