BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL DIVISION OF HADASSAH
Mrs. Harry Ruby
President
OFFICERS
President
First Vice President
Second Vice President
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Mrs. Harry Ruby
Mrs. Harry Kolitz
Mrs. Jack Rubenstein
Mrs. Esther Rosenberg
Mrs. Frances Kunsberg
Miss Lottye Salzman
The Business and Professional Women's Division
of Hadassah is that portion of the Senior Chapter
which is unable to attend the regular monthly meet¬
ings because the membership is employed during the
day, but whose awareness of the Zionist problems
demand their participation.
These women do in the evening what Senior
Hadassah does in the daytime. The organization
concerns itself with the same projects as the Senior
Chapter. Last year for the first time, the B and P W
Division were allocated a separate quota and under
the capable leadership of Mrs. Herbert Panken,
most of these quotas were filled and oversubscribed.
Their members did exceptionally well in Blue Box
collections, collecting approximately 30 per cent of
the total collected.
At the organization’s meetings, which are held
monthly at the homes of various members, there
have been presented interesting programs, such as
news broadcasts, given by the members themselves.
This broadcast is a summary of world events for
that month. In addition, occasionally, there is sched¬
uled an outside speaker who is well versed in
Zionism.
Besides its Zionist program, the B and P W div¬
ision has devoted much of its time to local and
national activities, outstanding of which has been
its participation in the work of Hadassah.
Mrs. Harry Ruby, President of the group issued
the following New Year’s statement: ”In critical
times as these, we must stand as one. Having a very
small membership we invite any one interested in
our work who cannot attend the afternoon meet¬
ings to join and aid us by giving of their time
and energy to the establishment in Palestine of a
National Home for the Jews.”
GOTO
LANE DRUG STORES
To Fill Your Every DRUG Need
ALWAYS THE BEST
10 STORES IN JACKSONVILLE
BRIGHT CLEAN Modem T; 3 COMPLETE
Page Eighty Five
