The President's Message
HARRY GENDZIER
President
I wish, first of all, to give generous Kudos and praise as
well as thanks, to those officers and members of the Board,
who have willingly and freely given their time, and their
energies to the affairs of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. To
these men and women, all credit must go. Our institution
can be proud of their lay leadership, because despite all sorts
of difficulties, they have succeeded in making outstanding
progress.
Due to the fact that we have suffered from a lack of full
professional leadership many members may have lost proper
perspective of the present situation. For example, it is well
to note at this point that the enrollment in our Hebrew School,
Sunday School, and Kindergarten-Nursery have grown each
year. True cur turnover of part of the staff has been large,
but it is nonetheless true that we have been able to maintain
all of our services on a high level. #
The committees have functioned ably and have constantly
endeavored to improve the curriculum*’ of our school and the
standards of our institution. The Cemetery Committee de¬
serves special praise, because here too in spite of shortages
of man power they have maintained their usual high stand¬
ards of dignity and decorum in the hours of bereavement of
our members.
The Jewish Center Expansion Program is still Number One
on our agenda. Committees are now at work with architects
making drawings of contemplated building projects designed
to increase the facilities of the Center in all its branches of
endeavor. Regardless of what community programs might
come into being, we of the Jewish Center are firmly resolved
to achieve and develop the finest possible program for the
building of a knowing, proud and positive Jewish youth. Our
clubs, such as the Cub Pack, Girl Scouts, and Boy Scouts,
Page Eighteen
have been revitalized through active assistance of older lead¬
ers, and these leaders are due for fine praise. Their work is
done quietly, and only these that can compare the standings j
of years gone by and today can see the transformation.
The Daughters of Israel and the Men’s Club have expended
worthwhile efforts to carry on important projects, and will no
doubt continue to do so for the ensuing year.
We have every reason to be happy over our staff. Harry
Kolitz has not only been a good teacher, and a good executive
of the Day Camp, but is an inspiration to the youngsters and
will be even more able to accomplish things through more
experience. Cantor Marton has come to us as a cantor and
teacher. He has an excellent voice and repetoire, and is
already forming a choral group. This will enhance the beauty
of our services to a great extent and will be an inspiration to
all of us. Already the Men’s Club has sponsored the pur¬
chase of music and gowns for the choral group.
Your president accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hackel
attended the Convention of the United Synagogues of Amer¬
ica. We learned that our Community is part and parcel of
the total Jewish community and that our problems are neither
new nor isolated. Particular problems are prevalent every¬
where. However with a willingness to serve, to discuss, and
to adjust, we can further the ideals of Judaism, bring modern
services to the Congregation, and yet maintain our tradition
so that our elders will always remain with us.
Since this will be my last term of office, I feel duty bound
to present certain facts to the membership. I feel that we
give too much value for the little we have obtained in dues.
A thorough change in the dues schedule is inevitable. Costs
are ever increasing. Salaries and wages as well as other
expenses have almost trebled, yet some members feel that they
ought to pay as little as they can.
All credit must go to those members who pay all they can,
and see to it that the functions of the Center are maintained.
.
I do not believe in refusing any person who is unable to pay
for any services, but similarly, I feel that the time has come
when all members should shoulder their responsibility. They
should understand there must be no bargaining with a re¬
ligious institution. If we are to foster Jewish life, if your officers
and directors are to build a program that will make your
children proud of their heritage if we are to be able to engage
high ranking and competent staffs, you must give us the
tools to work with.
Again I state it has been a pleasure and a privilege and
indeed an honor to serve as your president.- I hope you will
accept the coming of a new year as a challenge to each of
you to work heartily for the welfare of the Jewish Center,
We have a fine record, yet we can constantly improve.
We are living in a troubled world. May God grant us
peace, health and happiness. May each of you be inscribed
for a good year, and many, many more good new years.
