4
Jewish Center Day Camp
CAMP PERSONNEL
Director Harry H. Kolitz
Athlete and Recreational Director
Frank C. Gu-ky
Hebrew Instructor Mr. Pinchas Goodblatt
Hebrew Instuctor Mrs. Pinchas Goodglatt
The Summer Day Camp program was arranged
to give all the children that attend a well rounded
program consisting of arts and crafts, athletics and
sports, hebrew singing, indoor games and trips of
interest. The general principles that were achieved
during the camp were the stimulation of the in¬
terests of the children to cooperate as good sport-
men in all the activities, surrounded by a real Jew¬
ish atmosphere.
Some of the children were very shy, while others
Were of the extreme opposite. Byt the proper
handling and training, both groups were brought
to a level of cooperation and consideration, one for
the other. All the children that attended camp
gained from 7 to 1 0 pounds, because of the prop¬
erly supervised exercises, eating habits and rest
periods. The closing of camp saw a flock of healthy
looking sun tanned bodies to surplant the pale win¬
ter, schoolday faces which entered.
The children took various trips of interest that
Were very educational as well as entertaining and
relaxing. Some of the trips taken were to the follow¬
ing places: St. Augustine, Marineland, Jacksonville
Naval Air Station, The Children’s Museum, The
Zoo, The Airport and several trips to the Beach.
A number of the children developed a hobby as
a result of taking the handicraft work. Most of the
children learned how to play varous sports and
games correctly. A good number of the boys learned
the fundamentals of boxing. Hebrew, as the achieve»*
ment, was the biggest success.
There were 31 children that never had Hebrew
training prior to attending the Day Camp, and 25
of this number were developed far enough to be
considered for the advance beginners class. A few
of these children could even go on the second
grade if they had one more month of concentrated
study.
The entire staff of the Summer Day Camp, all
of whom were experienced teachers, and the pos¬
sessors of considerable experience with children,
performed an excellent job with the camp.
The progressive attitude taken by the Center in
regard to the Day Camp made it a great success, and
insures an even more successful season next year.
Page twenty Nine
