Dedication
REV. JOSEPH ROBIN
This 43rd annual issue of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Year Book is this year dedicated to Rev. Joseph Robin, for¬
merly Sexton of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and beloved
communal worker.
In all of the years that the Year Book has been formally
dedicated to an individual, it can truthfully be said that at
no time has the community felt more joy and “nachas” than
in the dedication of this book to Mr. Robin. After more than
fourteen years as a member of the Center staff, Mr. Robin
resigned his position as Sexton because of ill health. So re¬
luctant were both the Center and Mr. Robin to terminate his
position, that the final decision was reached after more than
a year of consideration. In accepting Mr. Robin’s final tender
of resignation last year, the Center Board bestowed upon him
the signal honor, never before tendered, of an honorary life
membership in the institution.
If it is true that the character of an institution is primarily
determined by the men and women who are part of it, rather
than by its physical properties, then the Center owes much
to the friendliness, warmth, religious zeal and enthusiasm
characterizing the personality of Mr. Robin. His genial per¬
sonality and broadminded modern religious philosophy made
him one of the most beloved and revered members of the
entire community, loved equally as well by the young and
the old.
The discharge of his duties as “Shamus” represented only
a small part of the tremendous responsibility which he volun¬
tarily assumed on behalf of the Center. He almost single-
handedly collected the entire dues schedule of the Center, he
supervised the maintenance and operation of the building, and
supervised the maintenance staff. He provided for the gen¬
eral needs of Center members. In addition, for a period of
fourteen years, he prepared approximately 150 boys for ^heir
Bar Mitzvah rites. He has officiated on the High Holidays
as Baal Shacharis or Baal Musaf, as the occasion required.
He assisted the Chevra Kadisha (Cemetery Committee) in
performing last rites for the deceased. In fact, he was almost
indispensible to the successful operation of the institution and
his recent resignation has confirmed this opinion as the Center
even now tries to fill positions, the duties of which were for¬
merly discharged by him.
Aside from the multiple functions performed by Mr. Robin
for the Center, he is a devout Zionist and has given much
of his time to Zionist activities, his pet project being the
Jewish National Fund. It was largely through his efforts
that the J. N. F. has been developed to its present position
of prominence in the community.
On this occasion of the dedication of the Year Book to Mr.
Robin, we pray to the Almighty that he and his family may
be granted many years of life, good health and happiness.
Page Thirteen
