Army Navy Committee
National Jewish Welfare Board
IRA STEIN
President
JULIUS COHEN
Officers
Ira Stein .Chairman
Sidney Brown.. Treasurer
Julius Cohen USO-JWB Area Director
Membership composed of representatives of all major
Jewish organizations in Jacksonville
President Harry S. Truman, in a letter to the recent 29th
annual meeting of the National Jewish Welfare Board, stated
in part: “Coming on the eve of the first anniversary ot
V-E Day, the keynote of your meeting serves to emphasize
what too many have forgotten—that the laying down of arms
and the signing of an armistice do not of themselves bring
peace, and that the effective transition from war to peace
requires the same kind of national unity and consecration to
duty as did the building of the arsenal of democracy and
the winning of the war.”
“From War to Peaee” has been the dominating theme for
USO-JWB programs in the Jacksonville area during the past
year. This program cannot be valued in terms of statistics
alone: Of the thousands of servicemen, “Guardians of
Peace”, who availed themselves of special USO-JWB social
and cultural activities arranged in Jacksonville; of the re¬
ligious services held regularly at the Naval Air Station; of the
Oneg Shabbats with USO-JWB junior hostesses; of Jackson¬
ville’s major Jewish organizations who have cooperated so
splendidly at the weekly affairs in the Jewish Center where
a new attendance record was reached during the past several
months; of the Jewish organizations’ activities at the Duval
Street USO Club; of the myriad types of personal services
rendered for hundreds of members of the armed forces; of
inter-faith relationship and good-will carried to all corners
of America by those who received a “good deal.”
It is a credit to the Jacksonville Jewish Community that
it has not—and will not—“let down” the members of the
armed forces who served valiantly in time of war and those
who have been called to the colors to preserve the ways ot
peace. The saying, “Once ye too were strangers in the land
of Egypt” has not been forgotten. To the youngsters away
from home for the first time in sarange surroundings, there
has been brought cheer and understanding so much so that
many have written that acksonville to them has been a “home
away from home.”
i
Harry's Men's Shop
Main and Duval Streets
Chas. H. Stephens
■
HAPPY NEW YEAR
Roofing & Sheet Metal Co.
London & Yarn
Commercial - Resident - New or Repaired
GROCERIES
24 Years of Competent Roofing Service
MEATS and PRODUCE
Res. Phone 3-2166-W Bus. Phone 5-0334
336 East 6th Street
1803 Hendricks Ave. Phone 9 1648
Page Sixty-Five
