Junior Hadassah
MISS HEIDY MAYER
President
Officers
President . Heidy Mayer
Vice Presidents Charlotte Rose
Martha Magezis
Leah Marks
Recording Secretary Sylvia Cherry
Corresponding Secretaries Miriam Cohen
Ruth Spiwak
Treasurer Evelyn Herzberg
In November 1945, Junior Hadassah, at its annual national
convention, proudly celebrated its twenty-fifth anniversary.
Junior Hadassah’s 250 units maintain the model children’s
village of Meier Shefeyah in Palestine, and Pardess Anna, an
orange grove where many Meier Shefeyah graduates are now
working. A great number of children came to Palestine
through the Youth Aliyah movement, to which Junior Hadas¬
sah also contributes. Together with Senior Hadassah, the
Juniors support the Henrietta Szold School of Nursing in
Jerusalem and contribute to the Jewish National Fund.
Toward these projects, the Jacksonville unit raised over a
thousand dollars during the past year, nearly doubling its
quota. This was done by an infoimed and hard-workiiig
membership of 87 girls between the ages of 18 and 25, who
tirelessly waited on tables for the community’s social func¬
tions, collected “Blue Box” money for the Jewish National
Fund, and gave a Donor Dinner and a Yom Kippur and April
Fools Eve dance, which also ranked high on the list of Jack¬
sonville’s social events. Together with the local chapter ot
Masada, the unit presented “Out of the Frying Pan,” a play
which was well done and well received.
The Jacksonville unit boasts two Southeastern Regional
officers: Heidy Mayer as Vice President and Chalutziut Chair¬
man of the region, and Gertrude Meyeihoff as Education and
Program Chairman.
Through the Jacksonville Zionist Youth Commission, which
works closely with all Zionist Youth Groups in the city, three
Junior Hadassah girls, Ruth Spiwak, Gabieilla Mayer, and
Ethel Gruber, received scholarships to the Brandéis Camp
Institute, the national Zionist leadership training camp. They
gained knowledge and enthusiasm, which they are ready to
apply in the coming year’s work for Junior Hadassah and
Young Judaean clubs, of which many Junior Hadassah girls
are leaders.
Junior Hadassah sponsored several particularly, enjoyable
U. S. 0. dances—participated in Friday night services held
at the Naval Air Station, and entertained many serviceman
at the annual membership affair. >
The members of Junior Hadassah are ever mindful of the
ideals of Zionism and the practical fulfillment of those dreams.
They strive to instill in themselves a spirit of pride in all
things Jewish—past and present. Junior Hadassah’s cultural
programs form a harmonious partnership with its practical
work in Palestine, and every project is invested with a deeper
significance and vitality.
With a realization of the need that Palestine has for their
work and their even greater need for the Spirit of Judaism,
which can only be achieved through a Jewish National home¬
land in Palestine, the Junior Hadassah women look to greater
achievement in the future.
t
I
i
)
I
I
I
i
i
J
I
Greetings
Dr. Leonard H.
Grunthal
Holiday Greetings
J. M. Gregory
Heating & Plumbing Co., Inc.
Oil Burning Utilities
Sheet Metal — Air Conditioning
PHONE 5-3438
318-22 RIVERSIDE AVE.
Greetings
E. G. Golder Co. I
j
2329 Boulevard
M
Page Forty-Nine
