Jewish Progressive Credit Union
Time and again, many of the Jewish merchants,
for various and sundry reasons, had found it well
-nigh impossible to obtain business loans from their
local banks, when they were in dire need of funds
with which to liquidate their due bills so that they
could continue to receive muchly needed merchan¬
dise without any hindrances or delays in shipment.
Hence, on February First, 1 940, several of these
merchants met to discuss ways and means of obtain¬
ing assistance of this nature in the then ”trying”
times.
It was decided to form a Credit Union which was
to be sponsored by the Jewish Progressive Society
of Jacksonville, Florida.
Under a charter from the National Credit Union of
Madison, Wisconsin, a system originally founded
by Edward A. Filene, the Progressive Credit Union
was inaugurated to foster savings and promote in¬
vestments and loans,
The success with which it met is attested by its
rapid growth which, as of October First, 1946,
shows a membership of one hundred and eighty, and
assets approximating one hundred and ten thousand
dollars. Since the date of its birth, the Progressive
Credit Union has made five hundred and twenty-
five loans with an aggregate total of more than half
a million ollars.
Savings in the organization are known as shares,
and all shares up to one thousand dollars are
’’covered” by FREE Life Insurance on the following
percentages;
Up to 55 years of age -
100% of the amount of savings.
55 to 60 years of age -
75% of the amount of savings
60 to 65 years of age -
50% of the amount of savings.
65 to 70 years of age -
25% of the amount of savings.
Peggie Hale, Inc.
WOMEN’S APPAREL
204 Main St. Phone 5-5582
ASSOCIATED CONTRACTORS
Jack Boyes Coimmercial Bldg.
William Millward Repair or Remodeling
Jack Demetree Home Building
1077 Kings Avenue
Phones 9-7105 and 9-7180
COMPLIMENTS
Louis Schemer
AND
Family
These savings funds, or shares, not only have an
’’overseer” of a Credit Committee of Five Members
who pass upon applications for loans, but also a
Supervisory Committee of three who check the
monthly statements, as well as a Certified Public
Accountant who audits the books periodically. Too,
all books of the Progressive Credit Union are ex¬
amined each year by the State of Florida Banking
Examiner just as the books of all banks in the
state are.
Dividends commensurate with the earnings - -
after the expenses of bookkeeping, bank examin¬
ation charges, and group insurance costs are deduct¬
ed - - are declared to shareholders. Too, a rebate
of interest is granted to borrowers.
Last year the Progressive Credit Union became
a member of the Florida Hospital Service - - better
known as the Blue Cross - - which, for a moderate
annual charge, offers hospitalization service to those
who belong to it.. An additional service - - medical
care - - now is in the progressive stages of develop¬
ment.
The extent of the assistance which an organization
of this nature offers its members is proven rather
conclusively by the fact that there are forty-seven
Credit Unions in Duval County alone.
The Progressive Credit Union is proud of the
fact that, in all the years of its existance, it has not
lost a single dollar on any of the aforementioned
five hundred and twenty-five loans it has made.
Any person of Jewish faith, a resident of the
State of Florida, is eligible for membership in the
Progressive Credit Union.
For Foot Comfort
Health Spot Shoe Shop
OMER YOUNT, Manager
221 Hogan Street Phone 5-2022
The Raker and Dwelle Co.
Realtors
Stockton Street Drug Store
R. T. Carlisle, Prop.
Prescriptions for 25 Years
Corner Stockton and Rosselle Phone 7-6092
Page Seventy Nine
