Jacksonville Jewish Center Building Expansion Program
The past year has witnessed the crystallization of the
building plans of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for the future
expansion of its facilities. Although the project for expansion
is slightly more than one year old, much progress has been
made towards the realization of the projected program.
The first step taken during the past year was the collection
of the various pledges made during the 1945-46 campaign.
As a result much of the $75,000.00 pledged has been paid,
with prospects in sight for the immediate payment in full of
all outstanding pledges. Plans are now being completed for
the launching of the second phase of the campaign intended
to double the previously accumulated sum of $75,000.00. It
is planned by the campaign committee that the forthcoming
drive will be extensive and will be designed to reach practically
every member of the Center regardlss of the size of their
probable dcnaticn.
The second phase of the Center building program under¬
taken during the past year was the crystallization of the na-
tuie of the planned extension program. At an early fall
meeting, the Board of Directors of the Center passed a resolu¬
tion recommending that all future expansion of the Center
building facilities be undeitaken at the present location at
Third and Silver Streets. The following circumstances dictat¬
ed the conclusion reached:
(1) At the present time the Center owns approximately
159 feet on Third Street and approximately 160 feet on
Silver Street, exclusive of the alley now running through the
Center property. In addition, the Center owns a plot of land
in the middle of the block directly adjacent to its other prop¬
erty, this plot measuring approximately 70 feet by 70 feel.
Thus the utilization of the present location would obviate the
necessity of using any of the building funds for the purpose
of purchasing land, thus allowing for a much more consider¬
able building program.
(2) Secondly it was felt that by centering all further ex¬
pansion at the present location, the present building of the
institution, could be utilized, thus saving a considerable sum
of money, especially in view of the high cost of building at
the present time.
Page Fourteen
(3)The present location of the institution is centrally
located as far as the distribution of the Jewish population is
concerned. Earlier in the planning of the expansion program,
it was thought advisable to consider Riverside or Southside
as a more centrally located site for the Jewish community,
but a more detailed study showed it to be inadvisable to
attempt' to locate the site in one section of Jewish popualtion
to the detriment of other sections. Building in Riverside or
Southside today might be as much out of line with conditions
twenty years hence as a building program in the central part
of Springfield would have been some twenty years ago.
It was the concensus of opinion that the institution should
be located in a part of the community central to the entire
city and comparatively as easily accessible to all parts as la
one. The obvious site for such a location would be the
downtown section of the community. It was in this light that
the present location of the Center presented itself as an ideal '
site, because of its location on the boundary of what is fast
becoming the business center of Jacksonville. The present
downtown section of Jacksonville is definitely expanding
northwards and will no doubt in the future have as its north¬
ern boundary Hogan’s Creek. This trend will place the:
present Center site adjacent to the downtown section. At the
present time the Center is no more than twelve minutes walk,
from the heart of the downtown business area.
Another attractive feature of the present site is its location
in the heart of a section already replete with many civic and
church buildings, such as the State Board of Health, city
parks, municipal radio station, St. Luke’s Hospital, city play¬
ground, swimming pool and tennis courts, and a number of
the outstanding churches of the community. The future
character cf the neighborhood is thus assured.
Having reached the conclusion to make further expansion
at its present site, the Center Board then embarked upon its
next move in the crystallization of its plans. The Archirec-
ural film of Kemp, Jackson, Bunch and Mizrahi was retained
to draw plans for the expansion of the present building facil¬
ities and the erection of whatever new buildings are needed.
Mr. Ralph Mizrahi, a member of the firm and an enthusiastic
member of the Center, is already engaged in the process of
drawing the preliminary plans and sketches.
