Jacksonville Jewish Center Building Expansion Program
(CONTINUED)
Thus the past year has seen considerable progress in !he
Center’s plans to expand its building facilities to house the
extended program of the institution. The present tentative
plans for expansion are aimed to meet the following geneial
requirements:
Synagogue
A synagogue capable of accomodating not less than 1200
worshipers and preferably 1500 so as to accomodate the pres¬
ent expanded membership of the institution. The present
edifice takes care of the seating requiremnts of only a portion
of the general membership. At present, each member receives
only two seats, irregardless of the size of the family, thus
negating the principle of family worship. The most deplor¬
able result of this situation is the separation of the child from
his parents during services.
In addition*'to expanding the size of the synagogue, it is
hoped that the enlarged structure will be so decorated as to
make for reverence and beauty and to provide an environment
conducive to inspiring and decorous services. A much larger
auxiliary chapel is also needed to meet the needs of the en¬
larged Junior Congregation and the daily minyon.
Auditorium
One of the chief requirements of the Center is an enlarged
auditorium capable of seating not less than 750 persons and
equipped to serve comfortably at least 500 persons for ban¬
quets and dinners. In addition to enlarged floor space is the
pressing need for adequate kitchen facilities, stage equipment,
motion picture equipment, cloak room accomodations, etc.
The present auditorium has shown itself on numerous
occasions to be inadequate for even the present needs of the
community, not to mention its future requirements. Recent
presentations of the lyceum series, appearances of well known
artists, and even normal school affairs have shown the gross
inadequate seating facilities of the present auditorium. Social
affairs such as dances, banquets, carnivals, etc., have been
restricted by the present auditorium facilities. Unless this is
remedied the Center will be unable to cater to future social
and communal affairs, but will witness the removal of these
activities to other accomodations.
Educational Facilities
The present inadequate educational facilities of the Center
present the strongest argument yet for the contemplated ex¬
pansion program. The minimum requirements for the future
consist of a modern educational building capable of meeting
the needs of twelve classes in session at one time, equipped to
provide for a Sunday School of 300 to 400 students, a
Hebrew School of 100 to 150, a daily kindergarten of from
50 to 75 children; and a Day Camp of 100 to 150 children.
Such facilities as private offices for principal and teachers,
library, storerooms, etc., must be provided. These require¬
ments are based on a minimum anticipation of future needs
for the next 25 years, which space of time is the minimum to
be used in planning for future needs.
The present practice of holding Sunday School classes in
such places as private studies, synagogue, daily chapel, lounges,
etc. is not conducive to the obtaining of the best educational
results. None of the present rooms used are large enough
nor or they properly equipped. The daily kindergarten does
not meet in the proper type of room, nor does the Day Camp
have the proepr facilities. These improved educational
facilities must be provided.
Educational and Social Needs
The Center must provide for its members and especially for
its children facilities for wholesome recreational and social
activities. The provision of such facilities is in keeping witha
one of the characteristic and traditional phases of the syna¬
gogue as a “Bes Haknesses’’ or House of Assembly for the
Community. The supplying of these activities is only a normal
function and role of the modern synagogue center.
Especially is this type of program necessary for the assur¬
ance of the success of the educational program of the Center,
which requires that Judaism be taught as a way of life.
The present facilities consisting of the recreational and lounge
facilities in the auxiliary home on Third Street, the basketball
court in the rear, and the Center Auditorium are still not up
to the standard required for a modern synagogue center.
Page Fifteen
