Young Judea
MRS. ABE HOROWITZ
Chairman
Young Judean Group
1945-46 was an active year for Jacksonville’s six Young
Judaean Clubs. “The purpose of Young Judaea has been and
will continue throughout the coming year to bring to the Jew¬
ish boy and girl the love and understanding of Zion and
Zionism.”
The senior clubs enjoyed a Chanukah party collectively,
while the three junior clubs held individual parties. One ot
the high lights of the year was the Palestine Fair held a week
before Purim. This was held in the Jewish Center, and aíl
clubs had booths at which handicraft made by the members
was sold. There was also a Tel Aviv Cafe and a Puppet
Show, as well as a Palestine film shown. The proceeds of
the event went to Jewish National Fund, Youth Aliyah and
Karen Hanoar.
Herbert Sohn, a member of the Meyer Levin Club, and past
vice-president of the Southern Region, was appointed Presi¬
dent of the Southern region at a business conference of the
regional officers in Memphis.
Another outstanding event of the year was the Senior Clubs
debating tournament. Due to the fact that one of the debat¬
ers became ill at the closing contest, the tournament will be
concluded in September at the opening tea of the senior clubs.
A feather in the cap of the editor, Stanley Hammerman, was
HERBERT SOHN
President
Southern Region
of Young Judea
the Young Judaea newspaper, which made three appearances
last year. This contained news and comments of the clubs.
Closing the year for the senior clubs was a luncheon held in
the Seminole Hotel. Louis Safer, president of Masada, was
the main speaker. While the clubs operated collectively
through the Senior Council and had many affairs together,
each club carried on its own activities. The Chaim Weizmann
club held a chess tournament and the Henrietta Szold Club
held a swimming party and a weiner roast. Features of these
events were Palestinian folk dancing and singing. Another
project in which all clubs combined was the Choral Group
which sang at the Zionist Youth Commission Banquet in
November.
The Junior Clubs, which are the “Aliyah,” “Theodore
Herzl”, and Rothchild,” each had picnics and did handicraft
work.
Through a uniform and developed program, the Young
Judaean clubs of Jasksonville, which range in age groups
from 10 to 18, intend making this next year one filled to
capacity with a program led by adult advisors in debate and
argumentation, Palestinian arts and crafts, Palestinian singing
and dancing, athletics, and a clear understanding of Zionism
and Palestine.
Page Forty-Five
