Cub Pack No. 14
BEN CHEPENIK
Cubmaster
, . II . If ■
m v m
i f$ g
i I
*
NAT FREIDLIN
Chairman of Pack Committee
Officers
Chairman, Cub Committee Nathan Freidlin
Cubmaster .....Ben Chepenik
Asst. Cubmaster Phil Sher
Secretary Mrs. Ben Chepenik
Treasurer Mrs. Perry Safer
Den Dads Hyman Selber
Chief Den Mother.
Den Mothers.........
Cub Scout Pack No. 14, of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
concluded the most successful year in its history at a joint
Cub and Scout Banquet held in the Center auditorium on
May 5, 1946.
A number of extremely pleasant affairs have taken place
in the Cub Pack since it was reorganized in May, 1945. A
most enjoyable picnic was held at Rubin’s Camp in June,
1945, with food and fun and frolic galore. July saw the
Pack at a beach outing together with the members of the
Center Summer Day Camp. Many contests and prizes marked
the event. August was high-lighted by a fishing trip to Pear¬
son’s Camp; not much fish, but again plenty of fun. More
recently the entire Pack visited the 16th Fleet at Green Cove
Springs, and once again it was a tired but happy bunch that
returned home in the evening.
These activities and many others at the regular pack meet¬
ings were made possible by the wholehearted cooperation of
all the Cub Parents, particularly the Committee Chairman, Mr.
Robert J. Gordon, and Committeemen, Messrs. Hy Selber, Sam
Cherry, Dewey Goldberg and Harry Katz, who was secretary
Jack Landau
Sam Cherry
Mrs. Hyman Selber
Mrs. Jack Landau
Mrs. Sam Cherry
Mrs. Sam Markowitz
and treasurer. Much credit is also due the following Den
Mothers for the part they played: Mesdames Sam Cherry,
Albert BrCSsler, Nathan Dwoskin, Nathan Freidlin, Dewey
Goldberg, Harry Katz, Ralph Mizrahi, Adele Rosenkranz,
Perry Safer and Hy Selber.
During the year impressive graduation ceremonies were held
for the following boys: Paul Becker, Joel Bressler, Melvin
Freidlin, Larry Goldberg, Sammy Gordon, Norman Green-
baum, Harold HorwitZ, Stanley Kantor, Harry Katz, Jr.,
William Lassk, Stanley RoSenkranz and Stanley Ruby. These
boys are now all rnembeis of Scout Troop 14. Numerous
boys Were invested in the pack duiing the year replacing the
graduates. They are as follows: Alan Landau, Byron Sel*
ber, Danny Rosenberg, living Cohen, Paul Newman, David
Baker, Morry Sher, Alfred Freidlin, Buddy Shorstein, Sheldon
Torn, Neil Chonin, Samuel Bono, Sidney Setzer, Ernest Mark¬
owitz and Stephen Schulman. Cubs holding the rank of
Wolf as of May, 1946 are Bill Isaac, Norman Spitzer, Joel
Selber, Bernie Nachman, Sollie Safer, Stephen Schulman and
Sidney Setzer. In the Bear Rank are Bennie Dwoskin,
Donald Lovitz and Matthew Robins.
.Page Forty-Three
