Rmituu-Lncj, ike tyecVi
By ABE NEWMAN
President of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
It is but natural that at the advent of a New Year,
we take note of conditions around and about us. Tbe dark
clouds of hunger, despair and bitter persecution that hovered
over millions of our people have only been lifted for those
who are no longer among the living, and the only silver
lining beckoning to us is the fact that the problem con¬
fronting the Jew has become the problem that confronts
all mankind.
Outstanding among the events ol an outstanding
year in the world s history, was the conference held by
President Roosevelt and Winston Churchill at which were
announced certain principles that gave new hope to the
downtrodden masses of mankind. 1 hey were based upon
the fact that all people are entitled to life and to liberty
and it is my hope that the time is not far distant when
they will be a fact instead of a hope.
The world is composed of many individuals and the
actions and attitudes of many of them determine the kind
of world we are going to live in. It is our duty as individuals
to start with ourselves and by our own deeds and actions
help to build the kind of world we would like for it to be.
Locally we have had a fairly successful year. During the
pas't year, we inaugurated the plan of trying to maintain
our entire budget by dues. We had two objectives in mind,
the first of which was the elimination of a certain type of
Page Twenty-six
fund raising that was not only objectionable to many
people but also detracted from the dignity of our services.
Secondly and more important is the fact that it will give
us more time to devote to the constructive work for which
the institution stands, and it is my hope that we will be able
to contact the remainder of our members very shortly and
put this plan into effect.
Most oustanding ol the problems yet lacing us as
we enter the New Year is the problem of Jewish education
in this community. It is one of the most serious problems
facing Jacksonville Jewry. If the parents would realize
how much a Jewish education and Jewish background
would mean to their children they would cooperate with
us more fully in our effort to increase our educational work.
Let us enter the New Year fully resolved to carry out
the tasks which we have undertaken through the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center. Let us pray that God will bless the
work of our hands and that we shall enjoy a year of good
tidings, of peace and harmony in our midst, of prosperity
and happiness.
I want to thank the Rabbi and the other members of
the staff, the fellow officers and directors for the assistance
that has been given me during this past year, and wish
them and all our members a Happy and Prosperous New
Year.
