OxhámíAcL a fílate Signified
(
ReMgiauá, £e/uUce
“True conservatism is substantial progress; it holds
fast what is true and good in order to advance in both.
—To cast away the old is not of necessity to obtain
the new.—To reject anything that is valuable, lessens I 1 n
the power of gaining more. That a thing is new does
not of course commend; that it is old does not dis¬
credit/'—Tyron Edwards.
Nothing is more apt in describing Conservative Judaism
than the above excerpt. The Jacksonville Jewish Center for
the past two decades has constantly striven to maintain
in Jacksonville a type of Judaism that would embody all
the tradition, principle and richness of the old orthodoxy
and at the same time to render it appealing and interesting
to the modern generation.
Many changes have already been made in the tradi¬
tional orthodoxy wh ich h ave given it strength without
sapping its virility. English readings and sermons have been
added . . . prayer books have been made uniform . . :
separate pews for men and women have been abolished.
But in all of the se changes, nothing has been taken or
deleted which might render our religion less potent. In
fact most of these changes have been in the nature of ad¬
ditions and improvements rather than omissions.
The Center has conserved as much of the old orthdoxy
as possible. Prayers are still read in the traditional and
ancient Hebrew language . . . the daily Hebrew School
has been enlarged and constantly improved . . . youth
facilities have been increased . . . the traditional funeral
and burial practices have been retained. . .a daily minyon
has been maintained . . . dietary laws have been strictly
adhered to. It would be possible to go on at great lengths
in detailing those principles and tenants of Orthodox Ju¬
daism that h ave been conserved.
However, many members of our institution have as¬
sumed that other practices and customs were also such an
integral part ol orthodoxy that any change to them would
be a desecration o I their conception of Orthodoxy Judaism.
Some members still believe that lack of decorum at syna-
Page Six
gogue services is also a part of orthodoxy. Some members
think that fund raising at religious services is essential.
Consequently, religious services were often exploited for
the purpose ol raising money, either by auction, a direct
appeal or a similar method.
j : ■; * - ... i ~
Many members also bel ieve that orthodoxy required
services on the High Holy Days to continue until 2:30
P. M. . . . that these services were designed as a sort of
continuous performance . . . that it was proper and correct
to come in and out of the services at will, staying for various
lengths of time ranging from ten minutes to an hour with
periodic, intermissions . . . that these services were the
proper time for the general meeting of individuals and the
exchange of gossip upon the steps and in the corridors of
the building and, more regretably so, on the adjoining
sidewalk, street and park.
( ■ \
However, these practices have become repulsive to a
large majority of the members. I hey are not only unnecessary
for the preservation of Judaism, but a thorn in the eyes
of the young people who want a dignified service. With
the advent of a new, more active and energetic leadership,
however, much has been done during the past year to remedy
the situation.
An analysis of the situation disclosed that at least a
share of the blame might be attributed to the evil of attach¬
ing fund raising to religious services. The a ppeals and con¬
tributions at the time of the reading of the Torah unneces¬
sarily prolong the services, causing inattention, restlessness
and disorder. Th erefore, as the first step in the campaign,
a new method of financing was adopted and successfuly
put into operation. An analysis was made of the sources of
income for the institution and the conclusion was reached
