•r •>*'"
(íenteA
During the past four years
! Rabbi M. D. Margolis conducted
the Jacksonville Jewish Center
radio program over station W. J.
A X at 12:15 every other Sun¬
day. These broadcasts met with
widespread approval. Many re¬
quests were received for copies
of these talks. One Baptist
church (Dariem Ga) was moved
to contribute $25 to help Jewish
refugees. One poor Christian
woman sent the following note
with her small donation. \Vhat
I cannot do with money I shall
try to do by prayer to( your God
and to my God who is our
God”. Funds were never solicited over this program but
contributions to Jewish causes were frequent. One Christian
woman sent in fifty dollars to be turned over to any charity
Rabbi Margolis will choose. It was giveft to the
Jacksonville Jewish Community Council. Since then this
fine woman has been making annual contributions to that
agency. One Christian gentleman was so impressed with
the teaching of Hillel as quoted in one of the talks that
he took the trouble to print a thousand copies containing
the saying, “If I am only for myself, what am I?” He
placed himself on the corner of a busy street in the down¬
town area and distributed the cards to the passerbys. One
local business man sent a circular letter to all his customers
asking them to listen in to the Center program.
We hereby reprint a few of the many letters received
by Rabbi Margolis is response to his broadcasts:
Radio. pAoc/Aam
£nj,ay,á, Wide TxpfxutaAity,
Dear Rabbi Margolis:
As you know very well, while we are members of your
Congregation, living at the Beach, and being in a business
which takes up every day of our time practically, it is very
seldom that we come to hear your Friday or Saturday ser¬
mons. Too, on Sunday it is difficult for us to remain at
home to listen to the broadcasting of the Jewish Center.
However, today—Dad and I—who are more or less
under the weather—had occasion to listen to your address.
It was a revelation to us! Don’t misunderstand—not that
we doubted your ability but never have we listened to a
talk so inspiring, so clear, so beautifully rendered and one
which covered the grave situation in which our peop Ie find
themselves so thoroughly and withal, simply.
Congratulations and keep up the good work! At this
time, more than ever, it is necessary for our leaders to de¬
clare themselves in a dignified but unmistakable way.
May I ask if it would be possible to get a copy of your talk?
I have been made Political Chairman for Senior Hadassah.
I feel I could use the content very well in my work.
Dad and I both wish to convey to you the pleasure it
gave us to hear you.
Cordially yours,
Miriam Carter, Atlantic Beach
Dear Rabbi: f
You gave us an excellent talk. You pulled down the
white masks (white paper) and bared the black souls of
the Chamberlain boys. Had you argued the case before
a Court of competent judges, the accused would stand
convicted. The facts, coupled with your masterful delivery
would have convicted them.
Co ngratulations,
Chari es Rub in, Jacksonville, Fla.
My d ear Rabbi Margo I is:
My wife listened in Sunday to your broadcast, which
she thoroughly enjoyed and if you have a copy of this
address I would appreciate it very much if you would
let me read it.
With cordial greetings
Sincerely and fraternally yours,
George Solomon, Rabbi
Congregation Mickve Israel
Savannah, Georgia, Oct. 15, 1940
Dear Rabbi:
Your program over WJAX is one that every Jew and
Christian should make it their business to listen to; keep
up the good work.
As ever,
Mrs. Jo se ph Witte n
I elegram to Station WJAX
Accept our thanks for the enlightening and inspiring
program rendered over your station by Rabbi Margolis.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hackel
Jan. 10, 1940
NEW YEAR GREETINGS
from
^ATLANTIC
BANIC
V | L t E
MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
NATIO
OF J A C K. S
Page Sixty-three
