fachionuátle A. Z. A.
£eadincf, &iapl&ti in the, Mate
Abe Spiwak
Outstanding among local Jewish
groups is the Junior Order of B nai
B rith. Led by a group of energetic
young men and guided by an efficient
advisory board, the local chapter has
gained a prominent place in the
Jewish community of Jacksonville and
is ranked the leading chapter in the
state of Florida.
The Jacksonville chapter sent 25
delegates to the Southern Regional
Convention of District 5, held in Sa¬
vannah during the month of Decem¬
ber. This was one of the largest dele¬
gations ever sent to the Convention.
Although defeated by Savannah in
the semi-finals, the local basketball
team was praised by the officials for
its spirited playing and fine sports-
manship.
Continuing its splendid work in
the religious field, the chapter again
conducted a Friday night service us-
ing A. Z. A. members exclusively.
Louis Safer spoke on the topic, Five
Fold and Full.”
I he highlight and best attended
o f the social activities of the club,
was its annual Georgia_Florida foot¬
ball dance, held in the Japanese Room
of the Windsor Hotel. The dance will
be held again this year in November
following the football game.
Many other social events includ¬
ing dances, a wiener roast, and a
watermellon cutting were held. The
Fifth Annual Minstrel was directed
this year by Joe P. Safer. Although
somewhat handicapped by lack of
talent, the boys presented a good
show, which was followed by a dance.
Guest speaker at the chapter’s
annual banquet was Milton Friedman,
Miami attorney who serves the A. Z.
A. as deputy for the Florida Region.
Other guests included Nat Shorstein,
president of the local B nai B rith
Lodge who is responsible for the closer
cooperation between the parent or¬
ganization and its junior auxiliary;
Abe Newman, president of the Cen¬
ter, and Leon Shapiro, who acted as
toastmaster. The banquet was followed
by a dance.
Of extreme interest to the mem¬
bers was the series of talks on voca¬
tional guidance conducted by the fra¬
ternity in order to enlighten its mem¬
bers as to the job opportunities open
to them in various fields. Mr. Harry
Broida, advertising manager of Furcfr
gott s inaugurated this year s series
with a realistic picture of the occupa¬
tional possibilities in department store
work.
The outstanding Americanism
program given by the youths this year
was the Y ou'th and Democracy”
rally in cooperation with the Sons of
the Legion and the DeMolay. The
gathering featured Commander Clark
of the Naval Air Station who gave
an enlightening talk on the nation s
defense. Also present were ex-Mayor
BI ume, Judge Criswell and Mr. Wal¬
lace, president of the National Safety
Council.
The local organization attended
en masse the Florida convention in
Orlando. A bus was furnished for
the purpose by the parent organiza¬
tion. Besides having the largest dele¬
gation present, the Jacksonville chap¬
ter made a clean sweep of all events,
winning the diamond ball tournament.
All members o f the diamond ball
team were awarded medals. At this
convention, Jacksonville was desig¬
nated as the site of the winter tourn¬
aments which are expected to draw
Alephs from all the six chapters in
Florida. The local chapter will be
host to the first annual Florida Re¬
gional Convention, tentatively plan¬
ned for December 28, 1941. Cities
expected to send delegates are Miami,
Orlando, Tampa, West Palm Beach
and Saint Petersburg.
Much credit for the success of
'the club during the past year should
go to the retiring officers and the ad¬
visory board. The retiring officers in¬
clude: Abraham Fink, president Abe
Spiwak, vice president; Louis Safer,
secretary; and Herbert Weinstein ser-
geant-at-arms. The advisory board is
capably headed by Jay Markowitz.
Meyer Weiss, who recently was draf¬
ted into the armed forces of !the Uni¬
ted States, tendered his resignation,
but the club unanimously turned it
down because of the splendid service
he has offered the chapter.
A. Z. A. is a Jewish You'th Or¬
ganization with an approximate mem¬
bership of 12,000 boys in 450 chap¬
ters throughout the world. Every Jew¬
ish boy of good character between the
ages of fifteen and twenty-one is
eligible for membership. When a boy
reaches the age of twenty-one he is
considered a life member and becomes
a B nai B rith.
Officers
Page Seventy-four
