that a large portion of the income was from indirect sources
such as appeals, sale of aliyahs, exploitation of Bar Mitzvahs,
weddings and other festive occasions, and various other
methods of schnorering ’, Members of the institution were
contacted by the officers of the congregation and all were
unanimous in their approval of a plan whereby all sources
of indirect income should be eliminated, with individual
members paying increased dues to cover this loss. The mem¬
bers willingly agreed to this proposal and accordingly
raised their dues. While the members were paying no more
than before, under the new plan their contributions were
being made in a much more systematic, orderly and dig-
nifi ed manner.
This achievement then made possible the next step.
Since it was no longer necessary to raise funds during re¬
ligious services, it was found that much of the lack of de¬
corum and dignity could be eliminated. Therefore, during
the coming High Holid ay Season, no appeals will be made
nor will any aliyahs be sold nor will any contributions be
made at the time of the reading of the Torah.
The elimination of these practices should permit ser¬
vices to conclude not later than 12:30 P. M. The schedule
of the services for the High Holy Days provide for the
Blowing of the Shofar at 9:45 A. M. and the delivery of
the Rabbi’s sermon at 10:00 A. M. This schedule means
that from 9:45 until 12:50 there will be a compact, orderly
and dignified Musaf service. There is no reason for any
breach of decorum or lack of dignity at this year’s services.
All members are urgently requested not to leave their seats
during the course of the Musaf service. . .and are especially
urged not to assemble in the corridors, on the steps or in
the park.
The officers of the Center have done everything pos¬
sible to make this year’s services interesting, inspiring and
have provided every facility for the comfort o f the congre¬
gants. The success of this campaign, however, depends upon
the individual members. There is nothing more that the
Center administration can do to improve the dignity o f the
religious services. The matter now lies entirely with the
membership.
INTERIOR OF CENTER SYNAGOGUE
Page Seven
