ÜM QaLtPi
9n tfie &uLfi,ke.tnacy, a§ tfie £pLút
By MORRIS D. MARGOLIS
Rabbi of Jacksonville Jewish Center
As the year 5701 is drawing to a close, the democratic
world and the Jewish people in particular, have good
reason to look more hopefully into the future.
During the past two years a monstrous and brutal war
machine has ro lied across more than a dozen countries
destroying everything in its path. It registered victory after
victory and it seemed that its power was inexhaustable. An
era of darkness and slavery faced the world, which accord¬
ing to one boast, was to last a thousand years.
The situation in Palestine was particularly grave. Alter
the conquest of the Balkans and the invasion of Crete it
was considered a foregone conclusion that Syria and Pal¬
estine would fall within a short time. Dark fears settled
in the hearts of our people regarding the fate of the half
million Jews in the Holy Land and the hundreds of Jewish
settlements, colonies and cities built there with so much
blood, sweat and tears. The enemies of Zion and the pro¬
fessional gloom mongers in our midst found a morbid satis¬
faction in predicting the catastrophic results which were
to iollow.
Within a short time, however, a miraculous change
took place. New hope welled up in the hearts of men. Even
those already subjugated by terror and tyranny dared to
raise their heads. The dark clouds which threatened Pales¬
tine Jewry brightened considerably.
WLat has happened is familiar history to our people.
Over-confidence in its own strength, an insatiable desire
for more and more conquests, unwillingness to tolerate the
existence of any other power — these have brought ruin
to military nations of the past. These blind passions are
also sure to bring the downfall of the despotic conquerers
of our day. The road to disaster is clearly marked for those
who would dominate the world by the power of the sword.
The Jew, whose memory is long, and who has witnessed
the rise and fall of many tyrants, cannot but have complete
confidence in the defeat of the enemies o f God and man.
With the Psalmist, he reafirms his faith in the supremacy
of the spirit. Some trust in war chariots, some in horses
but we shall put our trust in the name o f the Lord. The
conviction is growing in the hearts of man that righteousness
and justice, kindness and decency shall prevail; that evil
shall be destroyed, that a just and peaceful society shall
ultimately be established, based on the ethical and moral
principles of the Law of God.
On Rosh Hashonah, we Jews, heirs to a great spiritual
heritage, gather in our synaogogues to give expression
through our prayers and songs to this hope which still lives
in the hearts ol millions of men already overwhelmed by
a brutal power. May our petitions be acceptable to God.
May He send redemption to our people and to all mankind
during the coming year. Amen.
Page Twenty-seven
