£acaí Macada
Q,aLnd, YlalLo-nat
Yleco-ynLtLan
■i,
h
%
Officers
President Harold Leitman
Vice President Joseph Mizrahi
Secretary Stanley M. Joseph
Treasurer Norman Moscovitz
Harold Leitman
Joseph Mizrahi
Stanley M. Joseph
Norman Moscovitz
During the second year of its existence the Jacksonville
Chapter of Masada has developed into one of the most
active men s organizations in the city. Its growth has been
so phenomenal that it has been rated as one of the best
chapters in the Southern region.
The group of boys which last year hesitatingly formed
the chapter became fully conscious of the ideals and aspir-
ations of this splendid youth Zionist organization, and from
its ranks have emerged a number of excellent leaders. On
January 27, 1941, local Masada voted unanimously to
become affiliated with the National Masada Organization.
At that inspiring meeting it became evident that the young
men comprising the local group had become fully aware
of the important tasks they had undertaken and of their
responsibi lity as part of the world-wide Zionist movement.
J he chapter had its first opportunity to prove to the
local community its interest in Jewish affairs when it of¬
fered its services to the Jewish Community Council during
last year s drive. Jointly with Junior Hadassa h it led in a
campaign for funds among the Jewish youth of our city
which brought highly satisfactory results. Many of its
members also worked as solicitors for the campaign at
large. One of the highlights of the past year was the
celebration of Masada s eighth birthday. Simultaneous with
the observance of this event by the national organization
in New York, the local chapter sponsored a banquet and
dance at which the Charter was presented to the chapter.
This, affair was the first of its kind to be given by young
people on such a large scale. The principal address was
delivered by Mr. Charles W. Bergman of Atlanta, and
the proceeds of this event went to the Haifa Nautical
School in Palestine. This undertaking was highly praised
by the national organization. On the Friday night pre-
ceeding the banquet, a special service dedicated to Masada
was conducted at the Jacksonville Jewish Center synagogue.
Members of the chapter led the service and Mr. Stanley
Joseph delivered the sermon.
At the National Convention held in Atlantic City,
July 3rd, the local chapter was represented by Norman
Moscovitz, Julius Friedlin, Harold Ezzes and Harold Leit¬
man. In recognition of the splendid work of the chapter,
Harold Leitman, its president, was elected a Vice-president
of the National organization.
... .. J ' ■ O V , * .... , X., w . ... . * *
By far the most inspiring event ‘this year was the very
successful first Regional Conclave of chapters from Geor¬
gia, Alabama and Florida, held on Labor Day Weekend.
This conclave coincided with the meeting of the Junior
Had assah Regional Board which took place in Jacksonville.
Th is fact lent color and interest to the conclave. The
fine group of girls that came from the neighboring states
as well as members of the local Junior Hadassah partici¬
pated in the social and cultural events held in conjuction
with the conclave. J he highlight of this event was the
luncheon held on Sunday at the Semino Ie Hotel. The
guest speaker, Rabbi M. D. Margolis, brought a vital and
inspiring message to the assembled delegates which set the
tone of the entire conclave and elicited an enthusiastic
response on the part of the young people.
Henry Halpern
Charles Ghelerter
Norman Moscovitz
Abe Edwards
Alfred Panken
Meyer Leibovitz
Louis Moscovitz
Irvin Surasky
Joseph Dwoskin
M emh
ers
Morton Weiner
Harry Weintraub
Harold Leitman
Stanley M. Joseph
Seymour Hoffenberg
Nat Lester
Abe Livert
William Carlton
Irvin Ghelerter
Joseph Mizrahi
Morris Spiwak
Irwin Kantor
Emanuel. Ehrlich
In the Armed Forces
Joseph Falis
Leo Moskovitz
Herbert Harris
Harry Lasris
Paul Miller
Harold Ezzes
Macey Cohen
Arthur Jaffee
Harold Bloom
George Seigel
Aaron Davis
Julius Freidlin
Page Seventy-three
