In ¿M^mnriam
Matilde Margol is sojourn among the living was relative¬
ly short. She was only thirty-five last January, when an
inexorable mala dy wrote a tragic end to it. But, as the
value of a booh is not estimated by its size, so are the merits
of a human life not measured by its length. Within those
three and a half decades she had
crammed such a wealth of experience,
developed so many talents and found
such varied outlets for her interest in
suffering humanity that people who
knew her often wondered how it is
possible for so much continuous energy
to spring from a body so frail.
She had the gift of grasping that
which was most pertinent in a prob¬
lem and devoting all her attention to
it until the problem was solved and
the aim fulfilled. In the course of her
dealing with a situation she would
lend it a dramatic quality which never
failed to draw the interest of even the
most indifferent and the most antag¬
onistic.
J bus was she able to secure lead¬
ers for youth groups from among
people never before concerned with
the problems of youth; thus she suc¬
ceeded in obtaining aid for refugees
from persons never before interested
in the plight of the refugees; thus did
she kindle a flame of idealism, espe-
ci ally in the youth of our city, for a
cause as unselfish as Zionism.
Highly respected and always listened to with eager¬
ness, Matilde Margolis possessed that trait of humility which
is characteristic of true nobility of soul. She never lost her
tolerant attitude even toward those who needed a good
shaking to be awakened to the realities of Jewish life be¬
cause her whole being was permeated with kindness and
understanding.
MATILDE MARGOLIS
Even when the progress of her disease made the
inevitable appear certain, Matilde Margolis carried on
with admirable courage. Since life was so precious
and life was to be so short, every day became an epic
and every manifestation of life an event of signi¬
ficance. As though racing against
time to complete a job she had begun,
she redoubled her efforts in behalf of
charity, education, Zionism and ref¬
ugees.
And recognition did not fail to
come. On November fifteenth, only
shortly before her passing, the name
of Matilde Margol is, together with
that of her beloved husband, was in¬
scribed in the Gold en Book of the
Jewish National Fund, a project
which was so dear to her heart.
The Matilde Margolis Garden,
consisting of about 150 trees was
planted on Jewish National Fund
property in Palestine by Senior Had-
assah and other local organizations
and friends. A new Ark cover was
donated to the Prayer Room o f the
Jewish Center by the Fadies’ Aid So¬
ciety with an inscription commemo¬
rating her name.
Almost a year has passed since
Matilde Margol is departed from among
the living. But the wound, inflicted by
her death in the hearts of her many
friends has never quite healed. Her
warm and kind personality is deeply inscribed in the hearts
of all who loved and cherished her. As long as Jewish
consciousness will endure in Jacksonville her memory will
continue to be a blessing un'to all of us and inspire us to
live better and nobler lives.
May her soul be bound up in the bond of the living.
m — M
A woman of valour who can find? bor her price is far above
rubies . . . She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and the law
of kindness is on her tongue . . . Her children rise up and
call her blessed; her husband also, and he praiseth her: ‘Many
daughters have done valiantly, But thou excellest them all/
Proverbs 31
«■■■ i
Page 7 wenty-four
