r
During the past ten years, the olfice ol Sexton
(Shammas) of the Center synagogue was graced by Mr.
Joseph Robin. If it is true, as it most certainly is, that the
character of an institution is determined not by the size
and cost of its building but by the men and women who
are a part of it, then the Center owes much of its character,
its friendly atmosphere, its warmth and its religious faith
and enthusiasm to the personality of Joseph Robin.
Mr. Robin and his faithful wife came to Jacksonville
at the end of the year 1931. Having been a businessman
all of his life, it never entered his mind to become a relig¬
ious functionary by profession, though he had a deep
interest in the synagogue, having been for years vice-
president of the conservative congregation in Sioux City,
Iowa. Mr. Robin consented, however, to take over tempor¬
arily the functions of Shammas, an office for which the
Center had a vacancy at the time.
It was for the Center a most fortunate event. His
genial personality, his truly religious character, tempered
by a modern outlook on life, immediately won for Mr.
Robin many friends among young and old. He decided
thereupon to devote the rest of his life to the service of
the religious needs of the Jewish community of Jacksonville.
During the past ten years, Mr. Robin has devoted
all of his talents and energies to serve our institution. He
took care of the daily minyon. He officiated on the High
Holidays as Baal Shacharis or Baal Musaf, as the occasion
required. He prepared nearly a hundred boys for Bar
Mitzvah. He assisted the Chevra Kadisha in performing the
last rites for the deceased. He was immeasurably helpful
in the collection of the membership dues. He became, with¬
out exageration, a most useful and indispensable part of
the Center.
Aside from these mutiple functions, Mr. Robin, being
a devout Zionist, has given much time to Zionist work in
Jacksonville, his pet project being 'the Jewish National
Fund. It was largely through his efforts that the J. N. F.
collections in our city equal and surpass that of commun¬
ities many times the size of Jacksonville.
In April 25th of this year, the Center dedicated
a Friday Night service to honor Mr. Joseph Robin on the
occasion of his 10th anniversary with the Center. Rabbi
Margolis in his sermon on the True Test of the Religious
Man” extolled Mr. Robin as the finest example of the
successful synthesis of Americanism and Judaism. At the
reception which followed the services Mr. Robin was pre¬
sented with valuable gifts by the Jacksonville Jewish Cen¬
ter, the Daughters of Israel, the Zionist District and the
Ladies Aid Society and Home for the Aged.
We pray to the Almighty that Mr. Joseph Robin and
his family may continue to enjoy good health and vigor and
that he may be able to carry on his useful and noble work
which has brought much satisfaction to himself and great
benefit to the Jewish Community of Jacksonville.
«J
g|
The righteous need no monuments; their deeds are
their monuments.
—Talmud
m
15
Page Sixty-five
