Ohe, ^euúáh W,e¿§ah¿& Society,
Hetpá the Yltedy,
Great Number of Transients, Local
Indigents and Refugees Are Helped
DAVE DAVIS, President
Due to lack of resources and insuf¬
ficient funds for social service work
in Jacksonville, the Jewish Welfare
Society is called upon to meet the
needs of the people that the Public
Welfare Departments are not able
to meet. The types of cases handled
during 1940 were: residents totally
unemployed, clients too old to work
but not old enough to receive Old Age
Assistance, residents who were not
citizens or who could not prove their
citizenship to meet the requirements
for O. A. A., those people who were
mentally ill but not commitable to an
institution, and those suffering from
chronic or acute illnesses. There were
also cases where the head of the house¬
hold was employed full time but not
earning enough to maintain his family
on a decent standard of living, or
where the person only had part time
work, or his earnings could only pro¬
vide for the b are necessities and when
illness came, he needed help and ad¬
vice. The agency supplemented Old
Age Assistance allowances and Moth¬
er’s Aid when their assistance was not
adequate.
During 1940, the agency handled
274 local cases and 409 transients,
totaling 683 cases. Of this number,
there were 305 new cases, of which
8 were local and 297 transient. The
worker interviewed 1,293 persons in
the office. She made 503 home visits
and 248 collaterall visits. The agency
supplied 684 meals and gave 327
lodgings to transients. There were 488
units (a unit being an individual,
couple, or family) aided with cash
relief. 102 persons were provided with
free medication, prescribed by doctors
or hospitals. 84 quarts of milk were
paid for by the agency, and 151 per¬
sons received either clothing or house¬
hold articles.
I he Jewish Welfare Society coop¬
erated with the National Refugee Ser¬
vice, Inc. of New York and carried
on the social work for the Jacksonville
Resettlement Committee. 1 he worker
assisted in securing affiants and
helped with affidavits. Many times
it was necessary to contact people for
jobs and find lodgings for refugees.
1 he Jacksonville Jewish Community
Council allocated $1,200 for 1940 to
be used locally for the maintenance
of the refugee units until they were
self-supporting. 1 his money was han¬
dled by the social worker. She met
with her Case Consultant Committee
for Refugees to determine the amount
of assistance to be given, to discuss
the problems presented by the new¬
comer, to help adjust him to his new
environment, and to interpret to him
the American standards of business
practices. Wherever possible, the ref¬
ugee was placed in the same trade or
profession in which he had made his
livelihood prior to coming to this
country. When this was not possible,
the man s adjustment to his new job
often took longer, and sometimes was
more difficult.
It should be kept clearly in mind
that the assistance given the refugee
was handled on an entirely separate
basis than the assistance given the
local and transient relief case, for the
latter received funds from the Com¬
munity Chest. The worker had to
secure permission from the Commun-
itv Chest before she could volunteer
her services to do the work for the
Refug ee Committee.
In 1940 the financial outlay for
transients was great due to the type
of transient cases handled. The ma¬
jority of men that came for assistance
to our office had skilled trades and
many of them had promises of jobs
either at Camp Blanding or at the
Air Base even before they came to
the city. After the social worker veri¬
fied in each case that the jobs were
avai Iable for the men, they often had
to wait two weeks before they were
paid. In such cases this agency assisted
them during this waiting period; some¬
times the society was reimbursed by
the transient.
In any social agency, it is most es¬
sential that the social worker be alert
to a II the various problems that the
family may present, even though her
agency is not equipped to solve them.
The Jewish Welfare Society has co¬
operated and worked jointly on cases
with the following agencies in Jack¬
sonville: County Health Unit, Dis¬
trict Welfare Board, Florida State
Employment Service, Girl Scouts, La¬
dies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society,
Legal Aid Association, State Reha¬
bilitation Department, State Welfare
Board, Tuberculosis Association, U. S.
Probation Office, Work Projects Ad¬
ministration.
A W
COMPLIMENTS
OF
MR. and MRS.
HARRY LEFF
^ r
Page Eighty-seven
