(lItp Üttgb Üinly Bays
The outstanding characteristic of the High Holidays is that they concern themselves primarily with
the Jew as an individual. All other festivals have either national or agricultural origins, and serve to strength¬
en the bonds between the Jew, his people and its past. Rosh Hashonah and Yom Kippur bring home to the in¬
dividual Jew the meaning of his daily struggle for existence, his relationship to his fellow human beings
and to God, the Creator and Ruler of the universe.
The great hold that these Days of Awe (Yomim N oroim) have upon us in this age of irreligión may be
partially explained by the fact that the ideals and emotions stimulated by them probe deeply into the private
life of every Jew and lift him to a high spiritual level.
If the ritual of introspection and self-purification of these solemn days were accepted by the world at
large, it would bring inestimable good to humanity and help to dissolve the world’s ills.
In a world corrupted by greed, hatred and bloodshed, Rosh Hashonah and Yom Kippur, with their call
to repentance, their prayers for universal peace and the establishment of the Kingdom of Good on earth, offer
a valuable message to humanity.
IRaalj Iftaahnttalj
Rosh Hashonah aims to improve human nature. The
prayers, the ritual, the music, the sounding of the Shofar
are calculated to elicit from the worshipper the finest ana
highest expressions of his personality. They impress upon
him the vanity and uselessness of envy, greed and hate,
and stimulate in him emotions of tolerance, love and the
proper understanding of the real values of life.
During these days, God, as it were, sits in judgment
over us, reviewing our good and bad deeds. This, more
concretely, takes the form of every individual searching his
inner self and resolving to eliminate that which is cruel and
u gly in his life. The New Year ritual prepares him to meet
the coming year cleansed in spirit and determined to follow
the path of good life so that he may find favor in the eyes
of God and man.
fom HCtppur
One of the prime functions of Yom Kippur is to break
down the natural resentment on the part of human beings
to admit that they are wrong. The solemn Kol Nid re service
is opened with a petition to God that he may permit us
to pray in the company of the transgressors, a term which
may be applicable to every member in the congregation.
The public recitation of the long catalogue of sins, among
whi ch we are sure to find some that apply to ourselves,
the request for forgiveness, which fill the prayer-book, the
custom of asking forgiveness from those whom we know
that we have wronged, all of these are calculated to bring
about a mood in which the worshipper acknowledges his
errors and sins. This is the first step necessary in making
any improvements, for without acknowledging error there
can be no correction of error.
Yom Kippur also serves to demonstrate the supremacy
of the spirit over the flesh. Twenty four hours of fasting
is not only a denial of the natural hungers of the body but
also a test of a man s willpower to withstand the temp¬
tations to which he may be exposed in the year to come.
£cheduie o-$ £eAÁÚeeó
ROSH HASHONAH
Sept. 21—Evening Service (Erev Rosh Hashonah)
6:30 p. m.
Sept. 22, and 23:
Morning Services 7:30 A. M.
Shofar and Sermon 9:30 A. M.
Musaf Service 10:30 A. M. to 12:30 P. M.
YOM KIPPUR
Sept. 30—Kol Nidre Service at 6:15 P. M.
Oct. 1—Morning Service at 8:00 A. M.
Sermon and Yiskor at 10:00 A. M.
Musaf Service at 11:30 A. M.
Mincho Service at 3:00 P. M.
N’eelah Service, 4:45 to 6:15 P. M.
The Religious Committee of the Center has decided to adhere strictly to the
above schedule tin order that the services may be ended this year by 12:30 P. M.
Members are strongly urged to attend the services on time, in order to make possible
this early conclusion of the services.
Rabbi Morris D. Margolis will officiate in the Synagogue and will be assisted
by J. Lapinsky and Philip Selber. The Center Choir will lead in the congregational
singing and will render a number of liturgical compositions. Members of the choir
are as follows: Zvi Abrams, Raymond Cohen, Bennie Hoffenberg, Meyer Leibovitz,
Morty Moscovitz, Morris Nimovitz, Arthur Schnitzler and Harry Weintraub.
Rev. B. Safer will officiate in the Auditorium and will be assisted by Rev. J.
Robin. Rev. Safer will deliver his sermons in Yiddish.
The Junior Congregation will hold separate services in the Prayer Room
under the guidance of Mr. Morris Nimovitz. The service will begin at 9:45 A. M.
Page Twenty-nine
