offered in Hebrew, in Bible and in 1 he Meaning o f Re-
Iigion. Twenty pupils were registered. Rabbi Samuel Fred-
man, of Phil adelphia, was the guest speaker at a special
service at which he presented the Academy Charter in the
name of the Seminary. Rabbi Margolis and Mr. Morris
Nimovitz were the instructors.
The Center Radio Program
During the past three and a half years the Center
has been sponsoring a radio program over station WJAX.
I hese programs, which featured talks and addresses by
Rabbi Margolis, were heard by a large radio audience in
Florida and South Georgia. I hey helped to counteract
anti-semitic propaganda and served to enlighten both Jews
and Gentiles regarding the essential beliefs and customs
of the Jewish religion. As a result of these radio programs
a number of Christian and Jewish organizations and in¬
dividuals in neighboring towns were moved to contribute
to various Jewish causes. The popularity of these programs
has increased during the past year and they have received
much praise.
Club and Organizations
1 he following organizations have met regularly during
the past year in the Center auditorium or utilized its facil¬
ities for lectures and concerts: The Daughters of Israel, Sen¬
ior and Junior Hadassah, Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid So¬
ciety, Jewish Men s Cub. B nai B rith, Young Judean Clubs,
A.Z.A. Fraternity, Jacksonville Commercial Alliance, The
Progressive Credit Union, Boy Scouts, Troop 14, Girl
Scouts, Troup 2, Jewish Community Council, Jewish War
Veterans and Ladies Auxiliary, The Zionst District and
Masada. In addition, the Center auditorium was the scene
of many dances sponsored on Saturday nights by the Army
and Navy Committee of the Jewish Welfare Board, for
the service men in this vicinity.
Cemetery
J he Jewish Center owns a cemetery which is ad¬
ministered by the Cemetery Committee. J he grounds are
beautiful and well maintained. Although use of the Ceme¬
tery is restricted to Center members only, persons unable to
afford Center membership are extended Cemetery privileges.
1 he Center Chevra Kadisha Committee is at the service
of the Jewish community at all times.
The Center Office
The Jacksonville Jewish Center office is a clearing
house for all Jewish organizations. The popular phone
number, 3-0611 is called throughout the day concerning
the activities of any and all Jewish organizations in the
city.
The office is open night and day every day of the
week except Saturday and is constantly visited by strangers
to the city, in search of information or assistance.
The Center Deserves Your Support
In view of all the above mentioned services rendered
to the community at large, we feel that the support of the
Center should not be limited to its membership. It deserves
the support of every Jewish person in the community who
is interested in the religious, educational and social program
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Jose ph L. Balter
Sidney X. Cohen
Ben Ehrlich
Ben Fletcher
Julius Fletcher
Mike Foor
Julius Fletcher
Jl Heakty, tUeico-me to Ojj-’i Ylzm- YYlemfr-M
Sam Foor
William Fraden
David Freedman
Dave Gershon
Dr. Carl Hackel
Leo Leonard
Joseph Mizrahi
Ftarry Masnick
Sid Mack
Saul Perlman
Mrs. Alex Robin
A. E. Sager
Sidney Segal
Ben Sohn
Paul Weintraub
M. B. Wilson
Dr. Joseph Witten
Sam Wolfson
Louis Wolfson
Saul Wolfson
Edward Wolf
> s
SEASON'S GREETINGS
Household Linen
—H
Enjoy Health in the New Year By Drinking
' We Satisfy”
* -
Foremost Mellow Milk
(The Milk That Tastes Like Cream)
Phone 5-4480
FOREMOST DAIRIES
JACKSONVILLE STEAM LAUNDRY
Phone 5-8663
BENNETT—NEAR 8th STREET
A
r
r
Page Thirty-one
