&edCcat¿an
DAVID MOSCOVITZ
The 58th issue of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Year
Book is dedicated to Mr. David Moscovitz, honorary president
of the Center, whose life has been closely identified with
the Jewish community for many years.
Mr. Moscovitz came to Jacksonville in 1906, a youth
of eighteen. Jacksonville Jewry (having outgrown its small
house of worship maintained in the old Masonic Temple (Cun¬
ning s,) was then engaged in building its first synagogue,
the B nai Israel, corner of Duval and Jefferson Streets.
Mr. Moscovitz became actively interested in communal
life soon after his marriage to Miss Fannie Frank in 1913.
In recognition for his loyalty to Jewish causes he was elected
to various positions of trust and leadership in the Jewish com¬
munity. For many years he served as vice-president of the
Y. M. H. A ., which at that time was the pivotal point of the
cultural and social life of local Jewry. From 1916 to 1925 he
served as treasurer of the Hebrew Free Loan Society. Mr.
Moscovitz was also one of the organizers of this institution
which helped many immigrants gain an economic foot hold
in the new land. From 1924 to 1926 he served as president of
Congregation B nai Israel.
It was at that time that the movement was started for
the building of the Jacksonville Jewish Center in order to
meet the needs of the rapidly growing Jewish Com¬
munity. Since 1927, the year when the new building was
completed, Mr. Moscovitz served in various capacities with
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. He was chairman o f the
important Religious Committee; an active member and
treasurer of the Center Cemetery Committee; vice-president
of the Center during the long period of Mr. Rubin s ad¬
ministration, and for 2 years, 1938-1959 he served as presi¬
dent of the Center. I his imposing record of communal
service speaks for itself. His life has become integrated
with the life of the community as a whole.
Mr. Moscovitz outstanding characteristic is his
fove o f the synagogue, its prayers and its songs. His de¬
votion to the Sabbath morning services should serve as
good example to other Jewish business men.
The dedication of this book to David Moscovitz is
a small token of recognition for the many years of service
he has rendered to the Jewish community.
On the occasion of the New Year, the Rabbi, the
Officers, the Board of Directors and the members of the
Center, extend to Mr. Moscovitz and his family their best
wishes for a year of good health, prosperity and happiness.
Page T wenty-one
