&augfiieAó o$ YUaintain
Qentek EducationaC ótituíianó
Builder ol the Jewish home,
loving and God fearing mother
of the Jewish child, a faithful
and efficient worker for the fur¬
therance of Jewish educational
institutions, such is ‘the daughter
of Israel, loved and admired by
all those who behold her per¬
forming her duties, day by day,
with dignity and modesty.
In our city, she is admirably
represented by the member o f the
Center s woman auxiliary, which
ever since our institution was
built has been a pill ar of strength
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Last year, the Daughters of
ter, again proved its inestimable
value to the main organization,
with a year of outstanding
achievement in every line of in¬
stitutional activity.
The Daught ers of Israel was headed last year by
Mrs. Ben Chepenik who gave freely of her time and effort
to make the year such an outstanding success.
The organization aids the Center both through their
actual work and through their financial assistance, with¬
out which the Center would find itself unable to continue.
The society staged two large fund raising affairs during
the past year in addition to a number of smaller affairs;
the Thanksgiving Day Dance under the chairmanship of
Mrs. Jack Morris and Mrs. Julius Fletcher and the annual
Cabaret under the chairmanship of Mrs. Abba Safer. In
addition there were two very successful luncheons, several
card parties and moving picture sponsorship.
The Daughters of Israel aid con¬
siderably in the maintenance of the
Hebrew and Sunday School the Cen¬
ter, assisting the pupils in the re¬
ligious celebrations and other festivities
held, and awarding gifts to the Hebrew
School Graduation Class and to the out¬
standing students at the end of the year.
They also finance the payment of the Sun¬
day School teachers.
The organization aids in the religious
work of the institution, arranging of hos¬
tesses for each of the late Friday evening
services and providing the floral decorations
for the synagogue, which serve an addi¬
tional purpose of being sent to ill members
after the Sabbath. At each of the monthly
meetings, interesting cultural programs
were presented under the direction of Mrs.
Jack Goldberg, Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz,
and Mrs. M. J. Reiser. Mrs, Reiser also
ably directed several plays which were
presented at meetings of the organization and were received
with great enthusiasm.
1 he Daughters of Israel last year contributed to the
Red Cross, Hope Haven, Infantile Paralysis Fund, Jewish
Braille Institute, and made other contributios as the emer¬
gencies arose.
Cooperating with the Red Cross in its aid to Britain,
Campaign, members of the organization devoted a special
day to sewing and knitting garments for the British. Mrs.
P. L. Samson was in charge of this project and deserves
commendation for its success.
The Daughters of Israel are affiliated with the Women s
League of the United Synagogue of America.
MRS. BEN CHEPENIK
President
President
1st Vice President
2nd Vice President
3rd Vice Presdent
Officers
Honorary Presidents
Mrs. H. Finkelstem
Mrs. Ben Chepenik
.... M rs. Roce Witten
M rs. Hy mie Selber
~ Mrs. M. J. Safer
Mrs. J. Hackel
Recording Secretary ..
Corresponding Secretary ..
Ireasurer
Financial Secretary
Mrs. I. Schemer
Mrs. L. Goldberg
... Mrs. Florence Bono
Mrs. M. Hammerman
Vegetable Product For
Mayonnaise and A!!
Cooking Purposes
SAUER'S Pure VANILLA
SAUER'S SPICES
DUKE'S MAYONNAISE
"BEST BY EVERY TEST"
Page Forty
