SENIOR STAFF
Qerdek Sunday,
Mia&t £a,tendó
QuAAicuium
Largest Enrollment
In School's History
Philip Selber Miss Gertrude Wilensky Mrs. Abba Safer Morris Nimovitz
Mrs. P. Seiber Miss Eunice Davis Miss Raela Fink
One year of study was added to the Center Sunday
Sunday School curriculum last year to give the pupils a
more extensive religious background before confirmation.
From now on, pupils will be eligible for confirmation when
they finish the tenth grade.
With an enrollment of 225 pupils, the largest in the
history of the school, this educational branch of the Center
made splendid progress during the past year. I he children
were divided into 12 grades; there was a Junior Kinder¬
garten, with children from 4 to 5 years of age; one Senior
Kindergarten, with children from 5 to 6 years of age, and
ten regular classes.
An excellent staff of teachers was in charge of these
classes. 1 he attendance was good and all classes made
progress. An honor point contest in which all children
participated was conducted throughout the year, points
being given for good attendance, for excellency of study
and for participation in the various extra-curricular activities
of the Schoo I. 1 he fo I lowing received prizes in the order
named: Nathan KrestuI, Billy Schemer, Sonja Heyman,
Jay Cohen, Gene Krestle, Stanley Hammerman, Bernard
Heyman, Will iam Oreenbaum, Leon Robins, Rutb Leon¬
ard, Sylvia FI auman, Hermina Deutsch, Beryl Weinstein
and Dolores Feinberg.
The Elias H. Pilton Memorial Cup was awarded this
year to grade five taught by Miss Eunice Davis, for having
scored the highest average of points in the contest.
J he Hackel Merit Cup, donated by Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Hackel, was presented to Ruth Leonard as the year’s
most outstanding student of the Cerner Religious Schools.
Many interesting events were sponsored by the school
during the past year, on the occasion of major and minor
festivals. T he Chanukah pageant and the Purim Carnival
were happy events in the lives of the children. Other oc¬
casions celebrated were Simchas 1 orah, Chamisho Osor
B Shevai and Lag B’Omer, and the Passover was cele¬
brated with a Children s S eder which featured two dramatic
productions highly enjoyed by those present.
JUNIOR STAFF
M iss Ruth Spiwak Miss Jeanette Marks Miss Pearl Haber Miss Miriam Cohen Miss Victoria Levy
Page Party four
