Troop Officers
Joe Mizrahi, Scoutmaster
Meyer Leibovitz, Ass't. Scoutmaster
Norman Moscovitz, Ass't Scoutmaster
Murray Wolfson Ass't Scoutmaster
Sam Silberstein, Senior Patrol Leader
William Rose, Patrol Leader
Herbert Weiss, Patrol Leader
Martin Weiss, Patrol Leader
Troop Committee
Joe Becker, Chairman
I. M. Lieberman
Leo Michelson
David Moscovitz
Max Rose
Philip Selber
Joe Strauss
THE SEASON'S BEST WISHES
Surgical Supply
Company
40-42 W. DUVAL STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLA
r
CRYSTAL CAFE
o,>< m Day and Night
JERRY ASHLANG, Prop.
11-13 HOGAN ST.
PHONE 3-9242
%COLDS
quickly, ¿¿de
LIQUID
TABLETS
SALVE
NOSE DROPS
COUGH DROPS
Happy New Year . . . from
GEORGE RICHMOND
DAYTON SCALES
HOBflfiT
515 E. Bay St.
SAUSAGE MILLS
SLICING MACHINES
COFFEE MILLS
Phone 5-5479
Page Tifty-six
Sam Silberstein
Joe Mizrahi
William Rose
Genies dlcaatl Accorded &Lg,nai Hanoi
D uring the past year, the Center-sponsored Scout 1 roop 14 continued to
rank as one ol the outstanding troops of the Greater Jacksonville Council.
1 he troop is the proud possessor of one of the most modern and up-to-date
cabins in Boy Scout Camp Echochetee (shown above ). This cabin was built
last year with the aid of the Center Scout 1 roop Committee and other Center
members, after a successful campaign for funds.
At the annual inspection, the I roop placed second in the district and eighth
in the entire city. This year, I roop 14 also participated for the fi rst time in the
Scout Circus, foremost scouting event of the year.
Cooperating in the Defe nse Program, members of the Center Troop helped
in the collection of aluminum and offered their services in handling traffic
assignments, collected old clothes and toys for charity and participated in every
worthwhile social service activity which required their services.
With patrol units efficiently headed by Will iam Ro se, Martin Weiss and
Herbert Weiss, the troop functions well and is proud of the fact that its scouts
have advanced during the past year more rapidly than the average scout troop.
In recognition for his outstanding scout-work, William Rose was awarded
a bronze trophy at the annual banquet given by mothers of Troop 14. William
is a Life Scout and has already gained twenty two merit ba dg es.
Sam Silberstein, the Senior Patrol Lead was also conferred an honor when
he was voted into the “Order of the Arrow”, a National Scout organization.
T he Order includes only 16 Scouts in the entire Jacksonville area. Sam is also
a Life Scout and the possessor of twenty Merit badges.
I he troop boasts a membership of 26 scouts and four scouters. Joe Mizrahi
is the Scoutmaster and his three assistants are Meyer Leibovitz, Norman Mos¬
covitz, and Murray Wolfson. Joe was seriously injured in an automobile acci¬
dent while on a recent trip on the West Coast and all the members of the Troop
join in wishing him a speedy recovery.
