Afloat QAaduatLan
On the second night of Shovuoth, five pupils graduating from our
Talmud Torah participated in a beautiful and inspiring ceremony. On the pulpit
of our Synagogue they consecrated themselves !to live the lives of loyal Jews
and utilize the knowledge they gained in a six year course in Hebrew Language,
Customs and Ceremonies by taking an active part in Jewish life. We give below
brief excerpts from the addresses delivered by these graduates:
Helen Dwoskin:
(The Jewish Woman)
. . . 4 Today Jewry and Judaism need the Jewish woman more than ever. Today
we are in need of that power for good which we have always recognized in
woman. It lies in the power of woman to build up Judaism, to consecrate the
home to the service o f God, to adorn the house wi th our beautiful customs
and inspiring ceremonies. The ho me is the cradle of Judaism . . . The girl of
today is the wife and mother of tomorrow and the builder of the Jewish home
of the future. She can become a great factor in bringing about a spiritual re¬
generation to American Israel” . . .
Sarah Dwoskin:
(The Source of Life)
. . . 'We Jews face many dangers; we are attacked by powerful enemies. But our
greatest danger can come from within. If we should, God forbid it, stop cultivating
the knowledge of the Torah, if we should weaken our educational institutions,
then our people would wither away like a tree without sap . . .
Ruth Leonard:
(The Ten Commandments)
. . . Our Sages point out that the opening words of the 1 en Gommandments do
not read: I am the Tord your God but I am the Lord thy God . This, they say,
teaphes us that the Ten Gommandments were given not to the people as a
whole but to every individual. Every Israelite therefore^ must regard the revelation
on Mount Sinai as an event which concerns his own self” . . .
Gertrude Meyerhoff:
(The People of God)
. . . “We, the graduates believe that we have acguired sufficient knowledge
to participate intelligently in the religious services of our synagogue, to listen
j j ' * •* - ri. T 9^ ’ • . # ’ r: j ... **.
with understanding to the words of the Pabbi when he explains the teachings
of the Torah’and to appreciate the values of Jewish community life. We pray
that we shall not forget the teachings, that we may cultivate them and that
they may become a source of blessing to us. It is our duty now to utilize our
knowledge by attending the synagogue regularly, by utilizing the educational
facilities offered by the Center and by taking an active part in Jewish life . . .
Beryl Weinstein:
(Courage and Faith)
♦ . . Palestine has been drawn into the titantic struggle in which the world is
now engaged. In this struggle Palestine has become doubly important to the Jew
and to the world at large . . . W/iife in many lands the Jews were helpless against
the marching armies of the enemy,- in Eretz Israel, Jews, like the Maccabbees of
old, rallied to the defense of their homeland . . . Palestine has, therefore, given
us a new sense of pride. It has given us a new status among the nations of the
world. We must now face the world with courage and faith. We believe that
with the defeat of the forces of evil, a new and glorious day will dawn for Israel
and for humanity” . . .
Page Eorty-nine
