OÁe OejnieA iP>eJuu^ó the, Qatnnumity,
'sft&y
mim.
wmmm.
* m m
mmk
mmm
The Jacksonville Jewish Center, since its inception has
been striving to serve the Jewish community with a pro¬
gram of activities that is all embracing. While it is
mainly a religious institution, the Center has also an ex¬
tensive educational program. Its services are not limited
to members only. It caters to all Jewish groups and assists
every worthwhile Jewish undertaking. It is, therefore, the
home of the great majority of Jewish organizations in the
community.
The Center Synagogue
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has succeded in satis¬
fying the religious needs of the orthodox and conservative
type of Jew. The daily “Minyon”, conducted in the
Prayer Room morning and evening, is used by members
and non-members alike. Our Sabbath and festival ser¬
vices, as well as ‘the late Friday night services are open to
the public and are always attended by many visitors. On
Rosh Hashonah and Yom Kippur, special provisions are
made to serve all Jews of the community. The conservative
minded, to which group most of our members belong, are
given a modern, dignified traditional service in the main
synagogue, while the more orthodox group are accomodated
in the Center auditorium.
The Rabbi in the Community
A graduate of the Jewish Theological Seminary and
Columbia University, Rabbi M. D. Margo lis is beginning
his tenth year of service with the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
His interest is extended to every Jewish cause, including
Page Thirty
fraternal, charitable, Zionist and Youth organizations. Dur¬
ing the past year Rabbi Margolis conducted services for
the service men at Camp Blanding which, although having
a large number of Jewish soldiers, did not have a Jewish
chaplain. Prominent transients, visiting Rabbis and guest
speakers always find hospitality in the home of our Rabbi.
Those in distress and in need of help always receive his
attention and no one is turned away empty handed.
Directing the Hadassah Study Group, making radio
addresses in behalf of the Community Chest and other
organizations, addressing the Interdenominational Fellow¬
ship Group, addressing meetings and banquets, sponsored
by the various organizations in town, may be listed as some
of the other activities of the Rabbi outside of his syna¬
gogue duties and his ministering to individuals in time of
joy and sorrow.
Educational Activities of the Center
The Cent er maintains two schools, a daily Hebrew
School which holds sessions eleven months during the
year and a Sunday School, which meets each Sunday
morning from October through June. No Jewish child in
Jacksonville has ever been denied a Jewish education
because the parents were unable to pay for the tuition
of their children.
Last winter the Center conducted the Center Institute
for Adult Jewish Studies, which was affiliated with the
National Academy for Jewish Studies sponsored by the
Jewish Theological Seminary of New York. Courses were
