^’S AMERICAN
r Rehabilitation Through TVaining
Women’s American ORT, Inc.
Women’s American ORT, a fundraising group which builds
schools, trains teachers and provides high tech tracts of
education in various schools, is alive and active in the
Jacksonville area.
Women’s American ORT - Afternoon Chapter
This group meets the fourth Monday of the month as its
regular meeting. The second Monday, the Board Meetings
are held.
ORT has schools in Israel, the U.S. and throughout 53
other countries. With our commitment to technical educa-
tion, we will see the fruition of our students by giving them
the education and start they never would have had
otherwise.
Locally, the Riverfront Chapter of ORT has women from
26-85, housewives and professionals, singles and married.
We are active in community, and speak out on Jewish
issues. The group also enjoys social events.
The slate of officers for the coming year is as follows:
President
Vice President
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Sunshine Chairman
Bulletin
Mail
Hospitality Chairman
Gertrude Kramer
Pat Berger
Dora Fleet
Majorie Stone
Stella Siegle
Mollie Rubenstein
Gertrude Kramer
Ruth Jacobson - Fran Benton
Eva Weinshelbaum
If you are interested in joining ORT or finding out more
information, please contact Jeane Youker at 262-2577, days.
We regret the untimely passing of Naomie Miller who was a very devoted
volunteer.
ABOUT NCJW
Established in 1893, the National Council of Jewish
Women is the oldest Jewish women’s organization in
America. NCJW has more than 100,000 members in 200
Sections nationwide that are active in the organization’s
priority areas of Women’s Issues, Jewish Life, Aging,
Children and Youth, Israel, and Constitional Rights.
NCJW Jacksonville Section as been instrumental in
developing and implementing many significant programs in
our community, currently including:
P.A.C.E. - Practical and Cultural Education a struc-
tured academic and vocational program for teenage girls
who have become involved in the court system as status
offenders.
Mental Health Forum - a one-day public forum of mini-
workshops, such as: coping with personal relationships,
family life and stresses, co-sponsored with the Mental Health
Association.
Kosher Kart - delivery of balanced, hot meals to home-
bound individuals.
Guardian Ad Litem - a volunteer program for court
appointed child advocates to represent abused and ne-
glected children in judicial hearings.
Tallahassee Institute - a conclave of concerned women
advocating the issues of NCJW priorities to legislative
representatives.
Ship-A-Box - packaging and sending personal articles to
children in Israel.
Pre-School Vision Screening Since 1971, Council has
participated in an eye screening program for the benefit of
public and private kindergarten students. Hundreds of chil-
dren have been tested under this program each year.
Social Legislation - Through programs and study groups,
and in accordance with recommendations from national
and state legislative chairwomen, this committee brings
legislation to the members and recommends actions.
Green Circle Program - Volunteers present a three
session dialoue with second graders to promote a positive
sense of self-worth and a better understanding of human
differences and similarities in children.
Art Enrichment Program - Picture Ladies - In coopera
tion with the Jacksonville Art Museum and the Duval
County school system, volunteers are trained to go into
classrooms on a regular basis to supplement the art re-
source program in public and private schools.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
175
