Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 had another outstanding year. Under the sponsorship of the Jewish Center, this group of 2nd through 5th grade boys
has grown to number 45 active and motivated scouts. Smaller numbered den meetings were held once a week either at the Center or in the
den leader’s home. Pack meetings with all the boys and their families were held once a month.
Cub Scouts aim high: at developing good character, spiritual growth, good citizenship, sportsmanship, comaraderie with other boys, and a
sense of personal achievement. Thanks to our extremely competent and caring den leaders (Peggy Organes, Colleen Gelman, Vivian Levine,
Brenda Brown, and Jay Fiske) the Cubs have earned many badges of achievement while having fun.
Led by Cubmaster Lanny Zimmerman, our pack meetings have been highly successful. The excitement of Pinewood Derby, a representative
from the Supervisor of Elections Office conducting a mock election, a master carpenter handcrafting a tool box right before our eyes, and
many more added to the delightful presentations of the dens. Scout Sabbath, our own Friday evening service, was led by a parent, Sandy
Kadish, and all the scouts attending. A great time was had by all attending our annual father-son campout preceeded by a family dinner and
swim on the Center grounds. The highlight of our year was the Blue and Gold Banquet with our special guest speaker, Sgt. Sonny Connell.
Along with the den leaders, our success depended on the Pack Committee. Special thanks to Lanny Zimmerman, Anne DePaul, Laurie
Farrington, and Debby Kaye. Cub Scouts is based on adult support and involvement. Please call the Center office if you would like to
volunteer.
Carole Goldberg
Pack Committee Chairman
Pack Committee
Cubmaster - Lanny Zimmerman
Pack Committee Chairman - Carole Goldburg
Committee Members: Debby Kaye, Anne DePaul, Laurie Farrington
Den 1
Leader: Peggy Organes
Den 3
Leader: Vivian Levine
Webelos
Leader: Jay Fiske
Den 2
Leader: Colleen Gelman; Asst. Leader: Sandy Kadish
Den 4
Leader: Brenda Brown; Asst. Leader: Julia Wolfe
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
143
