55 +
The 55+ CLUB is in existence for almost two years and are glad to report that although they
started with a small membership, due to the success of their Sunday afternoon get togethers held
once a month, their membership has grown and they hope will grow even more.
The club has already arranged for an assortment of entertainment such as Musicals, Dancing,
Theater parties and some excellent speakers etc. and look forward to another exciting year.
Membership fee is $10.00 per person per year which includes the entertainment and
refreshments.
OFFICERS: President Dr. Nathan Schneider
Vice President Pollie Copans
Treasurer Jack Silverman
Entertainment Committee Pollie Copans, Ruth Dobrin, Grace Goldberg, Helen Rosen
Recording Secretary Sada Friedman
Corresponding Secretaries Bea Caplan, Pollie Copans.
A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR TO ALL OF YOU.
Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
Chairman
Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman
May Goldie Stillman and
Diane Fages
Committee
Belle Gendzier
Members
Edith Horovitz
Blanche Slott
Sylvia Shorstein
Library Cart
Lillian Meizlik
Use Gottlieb
Judaic Collection
Rita Gendzier
Hermine Newman
Florence Schreiber*
Treasurer
*Deceased
Roslyn Selber
The Henry Kramer Library and Resource
Center has greatly expanded in size. Plans are
underway, with the help of our advisory commit-
tee, to use the newly acquired space to enrich
the levels of the congregation.
A group of enthusiastic PTA mothers opened
lots of boxes and shelved the Day School Li-
brary, under the capable direction of Etta
Drashin.
The PTA Book-a-Bration Program was chaired
by Edith Horovitz, truly an outstanding pro-
gram of the year. The PTA Book-a-Bration pur-
chased over four hundred new books. Parents
were asked to dedicate a book in honor of their
children’s birthdays. PTA sponsored a Library
grand re-opening celebration and every Day
School parent (100%) dedicated a new book to
the Solomon Schechter Day School Library.
The Project has expanded to dedicate books
for all occasions. Letters are sent to the recipient
and specially-designd book plates are placed in
the book. All types of books are purchased to
expand the collection.
The adult collection was given several hundred
new titles in memory of Linda Bressler by her
family. It is a beautiful addition to the Tofield
Memorial Library. We are grateful to all the
other Center members for their new additions.
The Reading Circle meets on Sunday evenings
every six weeks at the members homes. All Cen-
ter members are welcome and invited to join.
Many service hours are contributed by the
Library committee members. We were greatly
saddened by the loss of Florence Schreiber,
whose assistance was greatly appreciated and
will be missed.
The generous support of the Center and
Center membership made possible the purchase
of new books and periodicals.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
31
