Tim Riley
And generations shall mourn his passing . . . this man who gave 42 years of his life
to the families of the Jacksonville Jewish Center as a dedicated employee. Tim Riley
gave new meaning to the word loyalty ... It seemed to everyone that the Center was
paramount in Tim’s life because he was here most of the time. He always had a warm
welcome, a big hello and wide smile, even a “Good Yom Tov” greeting. But it was
the High Holidays he enjoyed the best because he could see generations he cared for
sitting together at services. He often reminisced about the “good ole days” at Third
and Silver when he drove the school bus. Oh the stories he could tell!
Winning the Center raffle was one highlight in Tims life, however, his greatest thrill
was his trip to Israel. For months afterwards Tim would proudly show his photo
album to anyone he saw. He was so inspired. Although Tim never converted to
Judaism, he embraced many aspects of the religion. He was very concerned about
Israel’s security. A Zionist, he believed in Israel and supported it as a member of
ZOA.
Tim there are so many things we wanted to say to you, but you left us so
suddenly. We wanted to tell you that you made a difference in so many lives. Your
warmth, caring and loyalty will never be forgotten. You made everyone feel so special
and that’s what made you so special.
Remembrances of Annie Mae
Editor’s Note : On October 10, 1988, Annie Mae Fort, devoted employee of the
Center, passed away. For more than forty years, Annie Mae was the “chief” cook of
our kitchen. During her years with us, she prepared thousands of holiday meals,
school lunches, life cycle receptions, convention meals, camp lunches, scout and
youth meals, board dinners and more. She took the utmost of care with each meal
she prepared, because this was her art. Three generations were priviledged to have
enjoyed this lady’s talent. Rabbi Gaffney, in his eulogy, said it so beautifully: “When I
was told that Annie Mae’s heart failed. / didn’t believe it, Annie Mae’s heart never
failed.”
To honor Annie Mae’s memory, the Jacksonville Jewish Center will dedicate and
purchase a piece of kitchen equipment with the contributions made to the Center.
The following is a beautiful message written by Judy Paul and Marsha Pollock:
It is impossible to speak of Annie Mae Fort other than in superlative terms—kind,
gentle, lovable, capable—a woman in the very best sense of that meaningful term.
We who knew her, loved her; the longer we knew her, the more we loved her.
She possessed an endearing charm that children were drawn to her irresistibly and
adults delighted in her goodness. She saw many of us through kindergarten, Bar and
Bat Mitzvahs, Confirmation, and marriage only to begin again with our children -
experiencing and sharing these same celebrations one generation to the next. Annie
Mae was a tradition, a foundation, an institution! Her spirit remains to comfort us;
she is deep in our hearts and will continue there warmly. We shall miss her.
There are favorite dishes that will be synonymous with our memories of her—
kugel, chopped liver, the famous salad dressing; latkes and so many more tasty treats
prepared with a significant ingredient to make them superb—a touch of love and care
from Annie Mae.
Our dear friend looked for the best in others and gave the best that she had. She
had something of value to contribute, an important expression of her personality that
set her apart and made her different from all others.
Just as her special meals live on in our hearts, in our minds she will always be in
“Annie Mae’s kitchen.”
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
35
