Adult Education
Adult education has become an integral part of
the ongoing activities of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. During the year new classes and study
groups have been meeting regularly. Whether it
was attendance at a Hebrew class, the Sisterhood
Bar/Bat Mitzvah class, the Shabbaton weekend,
a book review or holiday workshops, our members
came together to grow Jewishly. They thus lent
testimony to the fact that men and women of all
ages in our congregation are interested in be-
coming better informed Jews.
As we look to the new year in terms of adult
education, there is reason to feel excited. Stimu-
lating speakers for the Shabbaton weekends are
going to be visiting and sharing their expertise
with us; mini-sessions are being planned as well
as the popular Hebrew classes. Most importantly,
however, one of the most basic tenets of Judaism,
the importance of learning, is not only being
acknowledged but it is being given a life of its own
at the Center.
This year Lillie Ray Levy will be chairing the
Adult Education committee. She would appreciate
your help, comments or suggestions. If you would
like to serve on the committee, call Lillie Ray at
260 - 2534 .
Rabbi Moshe Tutnauer was our Shabbaton Speaker.
Throughout the weekend he helped us examine and gain
insight into the true nature of our Jewish identify. Our
thanks to Judy and Ed Mizrahi for coordinating the
weekend.
Author and journalist Charles Ashman reviewed
his book Nazi Hunters to a crowd of 300.
Pictured in photo are Charles Ashman flanked
by his friends, Sylvia and Jack Shorstein.
Diane Leino and Sheree Spriggs study
their Hasefer during the Basic Hebrew
class.
The Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture featured
Wolf Blitzer, Washington Bureau Chief of the
Jerusalem Post. Mr. Blitzer discussed
AmericanJsraeli relations and also reviewed
his book A Territory of Lies.”
See The Exciting New
1990 LincolnTown Car
On Display Now.
NORTH FLORIDA
LINCOLN-MERCURY
4620 SOUTHSIDE BOULEVARD (AT butler boulevard)
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
25
