River Garden Auxiliary
President Judy Price
Vice President - Fund Raising Judy Paul
Vice President - Membership Maxine Lewitt
Vice President - Services Coordinator Peggy Bandel
Vice President - Administration Joan Waitz
General Treasurer Dora Katz
Financial Secretary Ruth Slutzah
Recording Secretary Michelle Frisch
Corresponding Secretary Frances Janofsky
The River Garden Auxiliary is a dynamic organization committed to serving
the River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged. Dedicated members direct their
energies to service and fundraising projects that provide the residents with
special extras that make their lives more comfortable and enjoyable.
The Auxiliary’s service activities include: an out-to-lunch program providing residents the opportunity
to go to a restaurant on a one to one basis; a “Give Sarah Two Hours” project that recruits volunteers 4
times a year to host residents at various annual Home celebrations such as the Chanukah, party, an
annual blood drive to help replenish River Garden’s blood bank, a sunshine program to personally
welcome each new resident with a small gift. In addition, many Auxiliary members serve as volunteers in
the Home performing a myriad of functions.
Fundraising activities include annual dues, life memberships, Tombola (a raffle), Housewarming party
and Donor. The Auxiliary also maintains three beautiful plaques where names of loved ones may be
placed to be honored or memorialized.
Each March, the Auxiliary joins with the Board of Trustees and Staff to celebrate Anniversary Day by
graciously hosting this annual event.
“Helping Hands” the Auxiliary’s excellent quarterly newsletter keeps the membership appraised of
upcoming events and is sent to each member.
In November, River Garden Hebrew Home will move to its beautiful new campus in Mandarin. The
Auxiliary invites all of its friends to join its organization and become part of the River Garden Family.
1989/90 will be a year of NEW GOALS - NEW ROLES.
Have a happy, healthy, and fulfilling New Year.
Jewish Family
& Community Services
Exciting plans and prospects are ahead for Jewish Family and Community
Services in the coming year.
We have our work cut out for us. Without in any way curtailing our
services to those we have sought to assist so far, we will now be reaching out
to new areas of concern.
JFCS is constantly refining every possible approach to the unique needs of old and young, male and
female, married and single, parents and those without children.
Meeting the needs of a special population is a major goal for this year as we move towards achieving a
Group Home for the Developmentally Disabled.
As I write this message, our new building located in the heart of our community (Cardinal Point - off
San Jose Boulevard) is under construction. Our aim is to be close by so each of you can avail yourselves
of our many services.
The JFCS Staff and Board look forward to continued growth as we strengthen the ties that bind us
together as members of a “family”.
Best wishes for a Healthy and Satisfying Year.
IRIS T. YOUNG
Executive Director
President
Exec. V.P. - Reloc.
First Vice President
Vice Presidents
Treasurer
Medical Director
Mental Health Dir.
Dr. Dennis Lafer
Cathy Winterfield
Alan Harrison
Dr. Stephen Meritt
Dr. Sol Brotman
Dr. Ben Lewis
Lois Chepenik
Norman Moss
Dr. Guy Benrubi
Dr. Alan Harris
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
165
-ÍH-ZC2200
