OFFICERS 1989-90
President
Shirley Bielski
Vice-Presidents:
Ways and Means
Kathie Wallach
Program
Jane Grann
Education
Beth Shorstein
Membership
Evelyn Moskovitz
Youth
Edith Horovitz
Recording Secretary
Phyllis Goldberg
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Sisterhood
Rachel, Leah, Sarah, Rebecca and Deborah were
truly great women who influenced the lives of all who
lived in their times. But they had to work alone. If
they could have belonged to a Sisterhood, how much
more could they have accomplished, how many more
women could have enobled their own lives, with mean-
ing, with purpose, with direction.
To work in Sisterhood is a privilege and a challenge.
Our board and membership have accepted this respon-
sibility gladly and willingly. Sisterhood needs the wisdom
and knowledge everyone possesses to ensure its
growth and to help the organization realize its full
potential. We, as an organization, are truly enriched
by the women who make Sisterhood and our syna-
gogue a priority and not something just for leisure time. To share with others is a
mitzvah and those who give of their knowledge, regardless of the degree, are truly
blessed. Our dividends are pride, spirit, enthusiasm, the mitzvah of unselfish devotion
and the opportunity to be creative and develop our own personal Jewish lifestyle.
We benefit, our families benefit, Judaism benefits. The time element is open . . .
forever is barely time enough.Our investment will be our link to future generations.
May the coming year bring health, happiness ad peace.
Le Shana Tova Tikateivu.
Shirley Bielski
Corresponding Secretary
Pat Frisch
Financial Secretary
Pat Frisch
Financial Secretary
Nancy Mizrahi
Social Secretary
Marilynn Goldfield
Treasurer
Merle Selevan
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Budget
Barbara Safer
Nominating Comm. Chair
Isabel Balotin
Sisterhood Gift Shop ladies honored for their years
of service. Top L-R: Roselyn Selber, Hilda Lewitt,
Clara Jaffe, Marilyn Garber, Kathy Osterer and
Etta Drashin Front L-R: Mary Safer, Gert Rosenblatt
and Sophie Witten Missing: Kathryn Hackel
Business as usual in the trailer. It was a great
Hanukkah for the gift shop
Board members: Ruth Dobrin,
Peggy Organes, Jean Weinberg,
Esther Rosenblum, Helene Pollan,
Gertrude Kramer, Elsie Meyerhoff,
Diane Weitzen, Rhoda Goldstein,
Marsha Pollock, Grace Goldberg,
llene Reiter, Horty Gendzier, Carol
Harrison, Jan Glassman, Linda Press,
Annette Bursteen, Esther Weiss,
Sheree Spriggs, Gayle Bailys, Kathy
Osterer, Renee Gordon, Carla Ber-
nard, Nancy Cohen, Eunice Gross,
Sylvia Weiss, Roselyn Selber, Clara
Jaffe, Hilda Lewit, Beck Perlman, Etta
Drashin, Annetta Kornblum, Elissa
Ziemba, Clara Mann, Wendy Honig-
man, Marilyn Sandler, June Shenk-
man, Gert Rosenblatt, Gail Hart.
President Shirley Bielski cuts ribbon during grand
opening of gift shop. Chairpersons, Kathy Osterer
and Marilyn Garber look on.
22
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Aduertisers
