Message from the Rabbi
THE ART OF LISTENING
RABBI DAVID GAFFNEY
One of the first prayers an observing Jew recites when he or she begins his or her
day is to thank God for the perceptions with which we are gifted, i.e. the gift of sight,
speech, hearing. On the Days of Awe, Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, it is of parti-
cular importance to develop the ability to listen; to cultivate, if you will, the art of lis-
tening. The central prayer of every service, year round, is, of course, Sh’ma Yisrael . . .
Listen (hear) O Israel. Then there is a prayer which is specific to the holidays — Sh’ma
Kolenu — a plea that God listens to the urgency of our voice. During the Shofar service
the traditional blessing recited by the Baal Tokeah . . . The “Shofar blower” is . . .
“praised are you, O Lord . . . who has commanded us to listen to the Shofar. Note, he
doesn’t say “who has commanded us to sound the Shofar.” Rather “ . . . who has com-
manded us to listen to the Shofar.”
It would appear that the essence of these days is to focus attention on the crucial
importance of listening.
This isn’t the most popular skill in our time. John O’hara, a contemporary author
wrote a short story called “The Man Who Had to Talk to Somebody.” The hero of the story craves to talk about his
problems to anyone who would show him some interest and sympathy. And so he invites a new acquaintance or a fellow
worker to join him at lunch or dinner, hoping that ultimately he might find someone who would listen to him as he poured
out his heart.
He is not an unusual character. He is each one of us. We desperately need someone with whom to share our burdens,
our fears and loneliness, our yearnings and our frustrations. We need someone to release us from the isolation cell into
which we are so frequently manuevered because no one cares enought to liberate us with a sympathetic ear. We are all in
search of someone who has developed the fine art of listening. The Torah portion underscores this need. When Sarah
complains to Abraham about an injustice done her God says to Abraham: “all that Sarah says to you, “Sh’ma b’/co/a”
—listen to her voice. “Try to hear”, God says “not only what she is saying but also to feel the anguish that she is trying to
convey.” It’s great advice for every Abraham and for every Sarah.
During the holiday we will read a contemporary prayer which states, “the person who attends a concert, but whose mind
is on business hears, but does not really hear. The person who walks amid the songs of birds and thinks only of what he will
have for dinner hears, but does not really hear.” On Rosh Hashanah the Shofar exhorts us to cultivate a sense of
hearing ... to develop the art of listening so that we may live a better life. The High Holidays challenge us to what are our
ears attuned. Are we intent upon hearing one another? Do husbands and wives listen to each other? Do parents really take
the time to listen to their children? The art of listening is one of the most crucial skills that we need to develop if we are to
play our role effectively in the unfolding drama of a healthy family. There are also other voices and sounds to which we must
listen. Do we hear the call of our brothers and sisters in the Land of Israel? Do we hear their urgency? Will we respond to
the concerns of Soviet Jews? Will their needs leave its imprint on our lives? Do we respond? As we look about the Jewish
community and consider all of the agencies and institutions that serve the well-being of our Jewish community ... do we
really hear?
The synagogue calls on us for its support. Are we listening? Do we not understand that it is in the synagogue that our
children are educated, our youth guided, our holidays observed, our milestones celebrated, our prayers heard and our faith
and our identities and history nourished and sustained. Do we hear the urgency with which the synagogue calls to us for
support? Will we listen?
These Days of Awe prompt us to remember that each Jew must hear the call of the past. The Shofar sounds remind us
of the revelation at Sinai and the covenant with God which unites us with all the generations that have preceded us and
those, who will, hopefully, follow. The sounds of the Shofar of Sinai, in accordance to tradition, are still sounded. But only for
those who have cultivated the ability to listen.
At Rosh Hashanah the Jew hears the still small voice of conscience that speaks to him. In the Unetana Tokef prayer the
author describes two sounds, “. . . the great Shofar is sounded . . . and the still small voice is heard.” That is the still small
voice of conscience which summons us to do justice, love mercy, and walk only with God. It may speak in whispers in our
age. For this reason it requires, especially, an acute sense of hearing.
In these Holy Days we are asked not to limit our listening to these sacred sounds only to one season of the year. We are
urged to return to the synagogue regularly to listen to the words that are offered in the house of prayer, lest we lose the
strength of our spirit and forget the way our people has journeyed over our long history.
As we approach these holidays let us not only recite the words . . . but listen as well to the prayer, “praised are You, O
Lord our God, King of the Universe who has sanctified us by Your Commandments and commanded us to listen . . .”
From Inge and myself, to you and to yours, best wishes for a healthy, happy and fulfilling year ... a year that will cultivate
the art of listening.
Rabbi David
and Inge Gaffney
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
9
