Solomon Schechter Day School
Being A Cheerleader For Children
With the completion of our new educational facilities at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, the Solomon Schechter Day school is provided the very best educational
environment in which to teach its students.
The school has at its base an excellent curriculum, qualified staff, supportive PTA, and
untiring support services of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. As one examines our
strength, the question might be asked, “What more is needed?”.
One answer that comes to my mind is that we need to become Cheerleaders for our
children.
We all want our children to be as successful as possible, and we usually believe that
success brings happiness. When we see our children attempting to do something in a
difficult way, we tend to stop them. We want to show them an easier way to accomplish
the feat so that they can’t fail. We are also guilty occasionally of telling them, after the fact, what they could have done to be
more successful in the first place.
There are women who have mothers who still enter their daughter’s kitchens and try to tell them about easier and better
ways to cook. There are men who have fathers who still offer suggestions about how to fix something around the house.
And, most adults resent this kind of help.
We need to know that children feel the same way. They feel they have a right to do the job “on their own”. They may be
open to suggestions — but they certainly don’t want to hear what they did wrong if they fail.
Yet, children need parents and teachers to be their cheerleaders. Children do need encouragement. They need
acknowledgement when they are trying. They do need a “cheerleading” kind of support most of the time.
Let’s analyze the nature of cheerleading as we know it. The purpose of cheerleading is to provide encouragement to
athletes all through a game — even if the team is losing. Good cheerleaders want their teams to receive positive
reinforcement no matter what is happening. They never give up, and they refuse to let others give up on the team no matter
what the score.
As parents and teachers, we can do the same for our children. We can point out the good things our children do. We can
be pleased when they do what we ask. We can notice when they are behaving, instead of only when they are not. We can
pay attention to the number of times we correct their mistakes — and the number of times we praise them for doing
something right.
Make no mistake offering guidance to children does not have to be a negative experience for them. We now know
enough about cheerleading to know that positive reinforcement works better than criticism. Our children will fail
sometimes. The way we handle such failure is as important as the way we handle success. We must assure our children
that we are behind them. Most important though, we need to know that our children need cheerleaders and we are the
best ones they can have. In truth, we are the ones they should have.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 109
