RIVER
GARDEN
Hebrew Home for the Aged
River Garden Hebrew Home
Jack Price President
Lee Horovitz Chairperson,
Admissions Board
Martin Wolf Treasurer
Steve Meisel Assistant Treasurer
Judge Harvey Schlessinger Secretary
Martin Goetz, MS, MPA Administrator
River Garden Holding Company
Herman Paul President
Arthur Gutman Vice President
Peter Winterfield Secretary
Elliott Palevsky, MA Executive Director
The River Garden Hebrew Home . . .
Keeper of the “Fifth Commandment”
“Honor thy father and mother that thy day may be long ...”
It was this commandment which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home in 1946. It was this commandment
which nourished the love and care that over the years has made River Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence
in its field.
It is the commandment which underlies the tradition of meeting 100% of local Jewish community needs and of serving
rich and poor alike with excellence and caring.
The new River Garden Hebrew Home is on a 33-acre campus in Mandarin, near the intersection of 1-295 and Old St.
Augustine Road. The design of the Traditional Care, Special Care and Short-Term Rehabilitation pavilions recognizes that
people with medical needs do not have to live in medical settings. The new River Garden Home will be part of a larger
community which will include apartments and villas; a town center; a general store; a fitness center, and a campus club.
Overall, River Garden is today and tomorrow a community where people live, love, and care; a community of many life
styles and of rich Jewish content, and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the Fifth
Commandment.
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH FEDERATION
8505 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32217 • (904) 448-5000
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the central fundraising,
planning, budgeting and coordinating agency for the Jewish com-
munity. It strives to address the needs of the Jewish community,
encouraging community participation. Its diverse committees offer
many opportunities for volunteer involvement.
The Federation funds and coordinates community relations and
education programs. It publishes a monthly newspaper of Jewish
news of local and national interest. The Federation’s Israel and
New York Teen Experiences and Young Leadership program
examine Jewish life and history and give participants an oppor-
tunity to experience their Jewishness in unique and meaningful
ways.
The Federation conducts an annual campaign that raises funds
for the United Jewish Appeal, as well as other national and
overseas agencies. Local beneficiaries are the Jewish Community
Alliance, Jewish Family and Community Services, the Kosher
Nutrition Program, River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged and
the chapters of various Jewish organizations.
Officers
President Joan Levin
First Vice-President Don Dody
Second Vice-President Herbert Plotkin
Treasurer Matthew Edelman
Secretary Evan Yegelwel
Immediate Past President Elliot Zisser
Executive Vice-President Isaas Lakritz
Associate Executive Director Sherri M. Kramer
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
167
