Rabbi Dov Kcntof Honored
On Saturday evening, September 9, 1989, the Jacksonville
Jewish Center hosted a very special dinner and program
honoring Rabbi Dov Kentof, Director of Education and
Youth, for his eleven years of service and dedication to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and the Jewish youth in our
community .
Rabbi Kentof also helps plan a one-week regional encampment during August
for USY and Kadima members - Leadership Training Institute (LTI) - North
Carolina. LTI allows our young people to interact with other Jewish youth on
both a social and educational level.
The Junior congregation at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, run by Rabbi
Kentof, provides a perfect way for the students of our schools to put into
practice, every Shabbat, the skills they have attained in the classroom setting.
Rabbi Kentof has organized and presented such programs as “The Land of
the Torah”, “The World of our Grandparents”, “The Jerusalem Fair”, and each
year, a Holocaust Commemoration.
Rabbi Kentof, and his wife Alina, also an educator have devoted much time
and effort into the development of a strong supplemental school curriculum, as
well as a highly respected and admired Youth Program.
To Rabbi Dov Kentof education is a living experience that is
not limited to a classroom. During his eleven years at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center he has continually demonstrated this
through his many camping experiences and hands-on
programming.
Rabbi Kentof has used his talents at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center to perpetuate three youth groups, each one very well-known
for their service projects in our community - Chalutzim, Charles
Palot Kadima, and the United Synagogue Youth Group (USY).
His devotion to our young people and his ability to create
activities for specific age levels have helped the organizations
thrive. He is a role model with which young people can identify,
whether it be leading and coordinating night games, camp fires,
day trips or conventions, Rabbi Kentof constantly encourages
independence and leadership while nurturing leadership and com-
mands respect by being a devoted leader himself - always full of
energy, willing to listen, and share the ideas of others.
In addition to being Director of the Youth Program at the Center, Rabbi Kentof is the principal of the Supplemental
School Programs - Sunday School, Afternoon Hebrew School, and Hebrew High School. As is part of his philosophy, Rabbi
Kentof encourages parental participation and involvement in Jewish education. He helped create a parent/teacher associa-
tion for his supplemental programs, called AUTO-Adults United to Organize. The parents of this Supplemental School PTA
help Rabbi Kentof and the teachers plan learning experiences and special events both in and out of the classroom. Some of
the most significant and meaningful events occur at Rabbi Kentof’s Shabbat camp-outs, where he, and his wife Alina,
organize and participate in a truly beautiful Shabbat experience for everyone who
attends.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
83
