In Memoriam
Judge Louis Safer
The Jacksonville Jewish Center mourns the loss of Judge Louis Safer. A past president of the Center, Lou was truly an
exemplary individual—a beautiful man who embodied the highest ideals of Judaism.
An a very early age, Louis Safer was taught by his parents to be a “mentsch.” It is apparent that he took this advice to
heart and followed it in his personal and professional life. As a Jew he was a model in terms of leadership and ideals. He had
a genuine and untiring concern for his fellow man.
One of the youngest presidents of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, Lou’s dedication and wisdom always set a fine
example of leadership for our congregation. When the Jewish Center met on Third and Silver streets and two High Holiday
services were conducted at the same time, our honoree helped conduct one of those services. This is how he got the name,
“Upstairs Rabbi.” Lou even filled in as a lay rabbi when the Center was without professional rabbinic leadership. Throughout
his life he attended all the holiday and festival services.
Just as he was highly regarded in the Jewish community, Judge Safer was also extremely respected by the legal
community. He was highly rated in the yearly polls conducted by the Jacksonville Bar Association on area judges. In 1987,
the lawyers ranked him as the top judge in the circuit in terms of legal ability, objectivity, demeanor and diligence. Chief
Judge John Santora Jr., called him the judiciary’s “nicest guy,” and said Judge Safer “was always the No. 1 judge in the 4th
Judicial Circuit in popularity with the lawyers. Likewise with the judges.
“He never, ever said one bad word about a living soul his entire life that I heard,” Santora said.
Lou Safer’s life was dedicated to helping young people. His son, Eliot Safer, who is a vice-president of the Center, said he
felt his father was proudest of his involvement “with the beginning of the Guardian Ad Litem program,” in which residents
represent abused and neglected children before community agencies and courts.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center as well as the City of Jacksonville extend condolences to Judge Safer’s wife, Marilyn; his
son Eliot; and his daughters, Cynthia Baron, Deena Richman and Shana Safer and the other members of the family.
Louis Safer changed the course of many lives with his wisdom and dedication. There is an emptiness in this world that
may not be filled for a very long time.
82
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
