Cantor Emeritus Abraham Marton
of Blessed Memory
Although he’s gone — his melodies linger on
The Jacksonville Jewish Center mourns the loss of Cantor Emeritus Abraham Marton. The Center has received hundreds of
cards , letters and contributions in his memory. The following article was written by Howard Rosenblatt, former student of
Cantor Marton and son of Gert Rosenblatt. Howard expresses very beautifully the sentiments of the congregation.
This past Shabbat I returned to Jacksonville and as I sat in Shul I sensed an emptiness in the air. As I dovened Minchah in the
chapel, I noticed as I completed the silent devotion that there was no one there prompting the Ba’al Tefilah to begin the
repetition of the Amidah. Cantor Marton always did that. From now on, in my mind’s ear, I’ll hear his prompting; but this
Shabbat, the silence was deafening.
But I don’t want to dwell on what we’ve lost so much as what we had. For parts of five decades (’40s - ’50s), Cantor Marton
worked with the children of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. At least four of his students have served congregations as cantors.
Other have become leaders in both the general and Jewish communities in Florida and elsewhere.
Although he officiated at some of our brittim and many of our weddings, to most of us Cantor Marton will always be identified
wth our Bar or Bat Mitzvah. It was he who prepared us for this momentous change in status. Even today as I teach Bar and Bat
Mitzvah students in Gainesville, Florida, I find myself reaching back for a phrase, a technique or perhaps a style of response with
the ruler to keep time to the music at his fingertips. I can hear his deep voice giving life to the notes.
For the last several years when I visited the Center, Joel Bressler was serving as Cantor, but whenever anyone asked “How’s
the Cantor?”, it was clear that it was Cantor Marton who was the subject of the question. For many of us he was “The Cantor”.
I have studied with several cantors these past 25 years, but Cantor Marton was always, “The Cantor”. I learned from watching
him, from listening to him, and from studying with him. He encouraged me and was very supportive. We had several honest and
frank discussions and even if we disagreed, I always regarded him as a mentor. Even though the man may be gone, his ideas, the
wisdom he imparted and the beautiful sounds he gave to our lives are a living legacy. From the Shabbat melodies we know so
well to the high holiday tones which lifted us up to higher levels of spiritual awareness to the concerts which broaden and deepen
our appreciation of Jewish music, Cantor Marton found ways to reach each of us. I trust the traditions he started will continue
and I join with the Jacksonville Jewish Center in mourning the loss of our cantor and friend, Abraham Marton. May he rest in
peace.
Reprinted from the Jacksonville Jewish Center Bulletin of July 28,1989
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
