Jacksonville Hevrah Kaddisha
OFFICERS
President - Joel Bressler
V. Pres. - Nathan Sandler
Treasurer - Alan Taffet
Telephone Chairman - Ann & Nathan Shmunes
OTHER MEMBERS ARE
Bea Browdy, Laurie Benwick, Babs Goldstein, Dr. Michael
Greenburg, David Mizrahi, Max Shumunes, Simon Selber,
Anita Solomon, Lil Meizlik, Lisa Lefkowitz, Bob Bossen,
Marlene Bossen and Janet Husney.
Dignity After Death
While the world around us continues to debate death with dignity and “when to pull the plug” on patients kept alive by artificial
means, few people appear to care what happens to the body after death has occurred.
For almost two thousand years, traditional Judaism has cared to treat the deceased with as much dignity as one would have in
life. Plain wnite shrouds to cover the dead replaced ostentatious garments. Public viewing of the remains was not allowed
—better to remember the deceased as they were in life.
Burial societies were formed in every town and city to make sure that standards of loving kindness were maintained for all.
Much respect was given to a member of the Holy Society, or Hevra Kaddisha, as these groups were called.
Jacksonville has been fortunate to have an active Hevra Kaddisha for almost thirteen years, although the number of active
members has been smaller than desired. Additional members can serve to enhance dignity after death even more than has been
done in the past.
A “Hevra” member serves without pay to handle some aspect of caring for the deceased or the remaining close relatives.
Various ways they can serve are:
(1) participating with other members of the committee to wash, shroud and place the body in a plain wooden coffin,
(2) telephoning other members of the committee to arrange for them to meet as the need arises,
(3) providing transportation for the Shomer, the person (or persons) who sits with the deceased from the time the
body has been placed in the casket until the funeral,
(4) preparing the Meal of Consolation, the first meal which the family members eat after they have returned from
the burial,
(5) making arrangements in the house of mourning for the 7 day Shiva period, including preparation of meals,
(6) baby-sitting the small children of the family when necessary, and so on.
“How can I expect someone to care for me after I die if I don’t help others who need me now?”
Please contact your rabbi , the local Hevra Kaddisha president, if you are interested in serving on our committee of
dedicated workers.
Alan Taffet, Nathan Sandler, Simon Selber;
Seated: Joel Bressler, Bea Browdy
Hffiidl
anil *on
Funeral Homes
Northside f Southside
4747 Main Street member by / NATI0NAL 4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32206 invitation ^L?lYjjf[/ mortc/ans Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 355-9545 ^ ' Phone 737-4855
George H. Hewell INDEPENDENT • INTERNATIONAL George H. Hewell II
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
39
