Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14 continued its proud heritage in 1988-89. The Troop, founded in 1919, forged into its eighth decade
of serving the community’s youth riding high on a wave of success.
The Troop featured outdoor activities, interesting programs, service to the congregation and community,
and dedication to advancement and the ideals of scouting.
The year was highlighted by scouts Jeff Ghelerter and Sean Usoffof receiving the coveted Eagle Scout
Award. The rank of Eagle signifies excellence in character and achievement. The Eagle presentation was made
Blanche Slott at the annual Blue & Gold Banquet before several hundred onlookers. Scouts Adam DePaul
and James West have completed the Eagle requirements and been approved for the rank of Eagle. They are
slated to receive their awards this December.
Camping destinations this year included: Ginnie Springs where the scouts swam in the crystal clear springs
and the Santa Fe River along the banks of which they camped and made “campfire” style pizza; Fort Clinch
State Park in Femandina Beach where the scouts competed the rugged 16-mile historic trail hike and toured
the fascinating pre-Civil War bastion; Cumberland Island where the scouts explored the Carnegie’s private
island and amazed at the wild horses and unusual terrain; and Blue Springs where the scouts sampled the
ultimate low in camping cuisine.
Other camping adventures included Paynes Prairie State Preserve, featuring visits to the Florida State
Museum in Gainesville and attendance at a University of Florida football game, following which the Troop took
the field for a game of their own; the annual trip to Walt Disney World where the scouts “roughed it” at Fort
Wilderness in the Magic Kingdom; Scout World and a campout with the Cub pack at the Center.
Program highlights this year included a CPR training course; instruction by representatives of the Sheriffs
office on the history and techniques of criminal identification; attendance at a JU basketball game; and a hike
through beautiful San Marco to the Museum of Science and History punctuated with a luncheon stop at
Worman’s Deli.
The scouts’ efforts were not entirely nihilistic. Troop 14 served lunch to the residents of Mount Carmel
Gardens on Thanksgiving Day as has become an annual tradition. The Scouts performed road clearing work
and ground improvements at the JJC, built shelters for ducks which inhabit the Center pond, collected
clothing for the needy and landscaped a church, all under the planning and direction of our Eagle Scouts.
Scouts attending summer camp this year included Bemie Echt, David Moskovitz, Brian Usoff, Adam Dean,
Andy Ussach, Hershel Bettman and Jason Dacks. James West provided outstanding leadership as Senior
Patrol Leader.
Troop 14 is for boys grades 6 (or age 11) through 12. Those interested may contact Randy Silverberg at
398-0038 (w) or 733-6649 (h) or Harry Peltz 737-0309.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
145
