Hollywood Fantasy
All told, we sold over 400 tickets.
The proceeds will help us continue our
very important educational programs.
But it’s you, the Center member, who
deserves thanks too. You bought the
tickets and by doing so, demonstrated
your support and encouragement.
That’s what it’s all about!
Everyone is still talking about the
entertainment featured at Hollywood
Fantasy. Comments such as: “It was
so professional, I really thought it was
Sammy Davis Jr. It was one of the
best evenings we've had at the Center.
When are you doing it again?" were
just a few of the hundreds of compli-
ments received by the chairperson and
cast.
The credit for the entertainment is
shared by many: Marilyn Garber,
director; Carla Bernard, assistant
director; Isabel Balotin, producer;
Karen Piha, sound technician; Amy
Schneider, Nancy Eber, Jane Grann,
Debra Setzer, Sandi Burman, Sue
Signer, Ava Axelrod, Mus Crace;
stage crew, Elissa Ziemba, Doris
Proctor, Jane Grann, Etta Drashin.
Our thanks to Pic N’ Save for helping
with the set design and supplying some
of the beautiful dresses worn by the
stars; and the very talented cast (pic-
tured on this page); and our executive
director, Eric Reiter, for his cooper-
ation and help.
The food was absolutely delicious.
Our caterer, David Levin, and his staff
presented three delectable main dishes:
red snapper, veal and smoked turkey
with variety of vegetables. Of course
we can’t forget the scrumptious
desserts.
There were more than ten winners
. . . everyone who attended the evening
was a winner, all 600!! Hope to see all
of you next year.
Picture: top row L-R Ira Grann, Neil Diamond; Charles Moskovitz, Elvis; Willard Kennedy, Tevye; Merle Selevan and Robert Cantor, Tony
Orlando and Dawn-1; second row Robert Cantor, Joni Shmunes, Robin Morris and Carla Bernard, Ike and Tina Turner & Girls; Ellen Rubens,
Liza; Arlene Friedman, Ethel Merman, Jack Silverman, Sammy Davis Jr., llene and Russell Selevan, Jennifer Warnes and Bill Medley; Sheree
Spriggs, Barbara Streisand; Danny Wilensky, Barry Manilow; Isabel Balotin, Marilyn Garber and Shirley Bielski, the Pointer Sisters; third row -
Esther Weiss and Mel Jawitz, chairs; David Goldring, announcer; Alan, Gordon, Charlotte Fialkow, Esther Weiss and the winner's parents,
Stacey and David Epstein.
From a participation standpoint, the Center raffle was a wonderful demonstration of volunteer involvement and member
support.
Yasher Koach to: Esther Weiss and Mel Jawitz, co-chairs of the evening; Charlotte Fialkow and Alan Gordon for
coordinating the ticket sales; the people who sold ten tickets or more - Isabel Balotin, Carla Bernard, Kenneth Bowden,
Linda DuBow, Sheldon Gendzier, Alan Gordon, Stuart Hecht, Rhonda Passink, Marsha Pollock, Martha Savage; other
great sales people Inez Achord, Shirley Bielski, Maxine Funk, Rhoda Goldstein, Bud Grossman, Leslie Held,
Gene Kornblum, George Levin, Wilbur Margot, Lew Meisel, Charles Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, Kathy Osterer,
Nathan Sandler, Simon Selber, Rebecca Setzer, Idlene Slaff and George Strumlauf.
The winners: $7,500-Michael Epstein, son of Stacy and David Epstein; $1,000-C.E. Schondelmaier; $500-Peter
Kempner, Arlene & Jerry Rademan VCR (donated by Pic N’ Save)-Bobbi and Harry Yoffee; $200 each-Joan and Ronnie
Levin, Marion Tischler, Asher Trager, Evelyn & Bernard Heneson; $50-Esther Yegelwel.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
29
