Message From Education
Youth Director
Rabbi Dov Kentof
The importance of education is paramount in Judaism. The building of the sane-
tuary was certainly of great consequence to the Children of Israel, but the Talmud
nevertheless rules, “Children who attend school are not to be removed from the
study of the sanctuary” (Shabbat 119). So, throughout Jewish history, parents have
made sacrifices to ensure that their children have received a good education.
The obligation to educate ones children is addressed in the Torah to the parent,
as stated in the first passage of the Shema — v'shinantam I'vanecha, “and you shall
teach them diligently to your children” (Deuteronomy 6). But this was not always
possible since sometimes the child was an orphan, and the first-century Rabbi
Yehoshua ben Gamla ordained that the education of children was to be a communal
responsibility.
The Talmud discusses the question, which is of greater importance, study or
action, and unanimously concludes that education and knowledge have priority,
since they teach a person the correct manner of action and observance (Kiddushin
40). Ignorance has always been frowned upon in Judaism: an am haaretz (a “person
of the soil”, an ignoramus) was considered the lowest category of individual in the
community.
Certainly, the age of bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah is no time to finish ones Jewish
education. It is, in fact, the signal for further study in a more serious vein, now that
one is obliged to fulfil ones religious obligations with a fuller understanding and appre-
ciation of their purpose.
The Hebrew word for education is chinuch (“consecration”), aimed at teaching a child not merely how to make a living, but how
to live. Parents who see education only as a means to ensure a reasonable livelihood or a successful career for their children are
providing but a fraction of the total education called for by Jewish tradition.
“Train a child in the way he should go, and even when he is old he will not depart from it,” declares Proverbs. The proper purpose
of education is to instill into a child’s mind the ethical and moral values of Judaism; the active observance of the mitzvot through
knowledge of the sources; a strong sense of identification with the Jewish people and Eretz Yisreal together with concern for all
mankind.
We pride ourselves in having a fine education and youth program at the Jacksonville Jewish Center and as being members of
United Synagogue of America, a Conservative body of all affiliated congregations.
Experience shows that education in theory without personal involvement and enforcement throughout practice has no impact
upon young people. Therefore, we have put into practice youth activities, Junior Congregation, family Shabbat services and Family
Council programs, graduation, Confirmation, Consecreation, etc. In this manner, our school and home are functioning as one.
We would like to hope that all families of our congregation will support our endeavors. After all, the welfare of your children are
our first concern.
Let me wish you and yours a happy and healthy New Year.
Carole Scott Edith Horovitz
Secretary Bar/Bat Mitzvah
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
121
