President’s Message
The pages of last year's calendar diary have been filled, and we marvel that another year
has passed.
The advent of the High Holidays encourages us to pause before plunging into the New Year,
to reflect before filling the pages of next year's calendar. We have completed another yearly
cycle, its days cannot be reclaimed. Are we fully satisfied with the way we used our time?
In his book, Agada - The Language of Jewish Faith , Rabbi Samuel Karff suggests that the
lure of the High Holy Days demonstrates our awareness of unspoken obligations in our lives
—of a life long contract. He says that . . . “the liturgical theme of that season responds to the
deepest sensibilities of . . . Jews. We are a year older. Another chapter in our book of life has
been completed. We do not deny that something is expected of us, or that at least in some
ways we have failed to fulfill our responsibility . . . We need confirmation that we are worthy
despite our flaws, and that new opportunities will be granted us to more adequately meet the
needs of our contract.”
We should therefore ask ourselves about the year past: How well did we use our time? How
much did we attempt? How hard did we try? How much did we grow?
Personal growth comes as a result of willingness to accept challenges, to risk failures. When
asked to assume a position of leadership our impulse may be to respond with a safe “I can’t”
rather than the riskier “I’ll try”. When asked to participate in study or synagogue activities our inclination may be to shield our ignorance
by responding with the safe “I don’t have time” rather than the riskier “I’ll do my best”.
We, at the Center, have one of the finest synagogue facilities in the country with programing to complement it. Let’s use it! In the
coming year, plan your life cycle events here, study here, socialize here, Volunteer here!
The first steps are always here; but having made the commitment we gain a new sense of fulfillment.
Thanks to my Women’s League Colleague, Carol Witt, who introduced me to the concept of a life-long contract.
The blank pages of our calendar diary for the year 5750 are open before us. Once again we are challenged to meet the terms of our
contract.
From my family to yours best wishes for a happy healty New Year.
Marsha Pollock
Marsha L. Pollock
Merrill Lynch
... A Breed Apart
Serving all of your investment needs.
Charles M. Katz 121 West Forsyth Street
Financial Consultant Jacksonville, Florida 32202
904-634-6017
800-342-1519 FLWATS
800-874-8462 National WATS
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
13
