Jacksonville Jewish Center Receives
Six Awards at Biennial Convention
The Southeast Region of the United Synagogue of America
held its Biennial Convention in Miami November 18-21. The
Convention brought together delegates from seven southeastern
states and Puerto Rico for four days of study worship, workshops
and social events. .Representing the Center were Marsha and
Ronnie Pollock, Wendy and Joe Honigman.
The highlight of the weekend came when Center President
Marsha Pollock accepted SIX MAJOR PROGRAM AWARDS
on behalf of the congregation:
• Holocaust: Programs designed to teach the Holocaust have
been continually presented to the Center Schools and general
membership. From the Holocaust Museum to the Hebrew High
Curriculum, Rabbi Kentof has made this a priority program. Last
year a Holocaust survivor visted the Center schools. She related her experience at Auschwitz and how she became the
possessor of the “Auschwitz Album.” She further related her story to members of the AUTO and Family Council.
• College Outreach: In an effort to “keep in touch” with our collegians, the Center sends care packages to them for
holiday celebrations and observances. Letters from Rabbis Gaffney and Kentof are always included with information about
the holiday as well as Jewish current events and issues. This Hanukkah, Shari Steinberg received her package at the
University of Alabama. Excited with her menorah and candles, she invited the other Jewish students in her dorm to join
her as she lighted he menorah. A little bit of light touched so many who could not be home for the joyous holiday, and the
Center is glad to have been the torch. Our thanks to Horty Gendzier and her committee for coordinating this worthwhile
effort.
• Youth Activities: Once again our youth activitities received the award for its quality programs. Through leadership
training, programs and social events, the synagogue is able to stimulate the educational, spiritual and social growth of its
young members. Chalutzim, Kadima and SY programs have been responsible for building the leaders of tomorrow just as
they have developed the leaders of today. Our thanks to the advisors: Evelyn Moskovitz and Sheree Spriggs, Marilynn and
Ira Goldfield and Robert Cantor: the youth commission and Rabbi Dov Kentof, youth director.
• Family Council: The Family Council was designed by Rabbi Gaffney and Rabbi Dov Kentof to broaden the opportunities
for education and celebration of Jewish life for the entire family. In addition, the programs help to promote the home as an
equal partner with the school in creating a vital Jewish environment for the children. Holiday workshops and celebrations,
campouts, as well as group discoussions create healthy environments for Jewish learning and interaction. The group meets
on a regular basis. Families are encouraged to join.
• Solomon Schcchter Day School: In its twenty-eighth year, the Solomon Schechter Day School continues to offer
quality education to all Jewish children of the community. Fully-accredited by the Solomon Schechter Day School
Association and the Florida Council of Independent Schools, the Day School educates students from kindergarten to the
seventh grade in General and Judaic Studies.
Our appreciation to the principal, Willard Kennedy, and the education committee for helping to make the Solomon
Schechter Day School a “School of Excellence.”
• Afternoon Hebrew School: This school of the Center received an award for its curriculum which is designed to develop
a working knowledge in the students of Hebrew, the Siddur, prayers, holidays and mitzvot. Jewish values are also learned
through the many awareness programs. When the parents drop off the children, they are encouraged to “drop in.”
Education on Wheels and study sessions áre planned for parents while the children are in their Hebrew School classes. Our
We are grateful to the professional staff and the
devoted corps of volunteers for making these pro-
grams so successful. The award-winning programs
and other Center program services are created to
inspire and educate our members. Take advantage
of these wonderful opportunities for Jewish growth
for yourself, your children and your grandchildren.
80
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
