Torah Reading 1988-89
Recently, I had an opportunity to review a video recording in which I
stressed the words of Waldemar Haffkine, quoted in the Supplementary
Readings of our Siddur. He was a biological scientist who saved thousands
of lives of the people of India. He says, “The Torah is a fountain of life. It
is a protection greater than in fortresses.” This eternal truth is still valid
for us today. The observance of the Torah and its continued weekly
readings maintains the vitality of Jewish life. It is interesting to note that
while the previous generation of Torah Readers have remained loyal and
continue to meet the advancing need for synagogue leadership, a new
generation is coming into the ranks. Haffkine’s encouraging words will
always remain as an inspiration for this new group.
We are thankful to the many “young” people who have added reading of the Torah as a
meaningful source of value to their major activities. We hope that their reward will include
satisfaction in all their endeavors.
Ted Gross
Daily Minyan
On Shabbat Services on April 22, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center honored an elite group of men whose devoted efforts
make it possible for services to be conducted daily, so that
persons who desire to observe a yahrzeit or say Kaddish have
the necessary minyan. This mitzvah has become a way of life
for eleven very special men who serve as captains: Martin
Brauner, Dave Mazo, Barney Margolin, Dr. David
Mizrahi, Jack Mizrahi, Herb Plotkin, Dr. Nathan
Schneider, Philip Selber, Nathan Shmunes, Jack
Silverman, Seeman Zimmerman.
Shabbat
Ushers
Our thanks to David
Goldring for coordinating
the Shabbat ushers and
his devoted corps of
ushers:
Fred Alterman
Harry Berman
Leo Davis
The friendships that develop among these men is an en-
riching experience.
We wish to express our gratitude to these loyal men who
have continually honored their commitment to the daily minyan
and the welfare of the congregation and the Jewish community.
Stephen Davis
Ira Grann
Leon Silke
Tom Spriggs
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
41
pfiUJ-J—0—<OH—>—H—UJCD
