Zionist Organization of America
Jacksonville District
OFFICERS:
President
Chairman of the Board
Vice Presidents
Membership
Fund Raising
Education
Programs
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Parlimentarian
Wendy Honigman
Milton B. Mann, M.D.
Lillian Meizlik
Alan Taffet
Anne Shmunes
Ina Taffet
Leon & Lois Robins
Clara Mae Mann
Joel Bressler
Nathan Shmunes
Joseph Honigman, M.D.
Pearl Marton
It has been our custom for more than 42 years to sponsor a Jewish National Fund
Banquet in the community to encourage the planting of trees in Israel. This year we
were shocked at the sudden passing of longtime member, Tim Riley. His love for
Israel will live on in the reclaimed land that was purchased in his memory. Children in
the Schools of the Jacksonville Jewish Center planted 2 Gardens in his memory and
were acknowledged at the Banquet. Tim’s family shared this event for a very special
person with his Center family.
Two years ago we joined the ARMDI and B’nai B’rith to raise funds to purchase an
ambulance for Israel. This will be an ongoing effort until the goal is reached.
Donations may be sent to AMBULANCE FUND, 3351 Catamaran Way, Jackson-
ville, FL 32223-7362.
To keep Israel strong, we work hard to keep the Zionist Organization of America
strong. Since 1948 we have generated funds for ZOA projects in Israel and Zionist Historian
programs in the United States. ZOA has organized young adults leadership missions, JNF Chairman
instituted the first series of Christian Zionist dialogues, educated over 30,000 Jewish
students at Kfar Silver Technical/Agricultural High School in Ashkelon, services over 25,000 Americans and Israelis each month with
cultural programs in the ZOA House in Tel Aviv. Besides publishing The American Zionist and ZOA insider, there is the Zionist
Information News Service that provides a weekly bulletin filled with vital information not usually found elsewhere. ZOA has placed ads
and letters to the editor of topical US-Israeli, Zionist and Jewish community issues, testified before Congress on Free Trade legislation
and moving the US Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, and petitioned and demonstrated on rescinding US resolution 3370, rejecting US
dialogue with the PLO and opposing the sale of AWAC plans to Arab nations.
A popular project was the establishment of an Ethiopian training complex at Kfar Malachi. We have been invited to place bookshelves
in a library for the Ethiopians.
Jacksonville District ZOA is proud to sponsor, in conjunction with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, a ZOA/MASADA
SCHOLARSHIP. Scholarships are available for Jewish students of the Jacksonville community. The recipients may choose from the
many Masada Youth Programs in Israel. These programs provide a six-week tour of Israel: exploring from the Galilee to the Gulf of Eilat.
The applicants must submit an essay on an assigned topic and then be interviewed by the scholarship committee. For an application,
please call Ina Taffet at 737-7848.
We mourn the untimely passing of Cantor Abraham Marton, the ardent Zionist who gave from his heart and soul to ZOA and JNF.
ZOA is one of the few Zionist organizations with a constituency whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel. Let Cantor Marton’s
memory be for a blessing by renewing your commitment to Israel by joining with us by helping to perpetuate Judaism.
B’nai B’rith
ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE
#800
6161 Phillips Highway
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Stuart I. Hecht, President
Stuart I. Hecht is always glad to discuss the way B’nai
B’rith can be of service to our community and how B’nai
B’rith can provide this community with projects and
services.
Founded in 1843, B’nai B’rith is the world’s largest Jewish
organization. One-half million members in 41 countries are affi-
Hated with B’nai B’rith. The organization defends human rights
and fights discrimination throughout the world. It sponsors inter-
faith dialogues, promotes democracy and world peace and is
committed to Jewish unity. B’nai B’rith has helped instill hundreds
of thousands of young adults with moral and ethical values and a
of Jewish identity through the Hillel Foundations on over 400
college campuses. B’nai B’rith provides senior citizens with quality
sense housing and its youth organizations offer leadership train-
ing to teenagers. B’nai B’rith works to promote Jewish education,
and to preserve Jewish culture; through community programs its
membership reaches out to those in need and works for the
betterment of society.
In Jacksonville B’nai B’rith is always looking for new members
who are interested in working with the local organization. For
further information or membership information contact the presi-
dent Stuart Hecht at 731-3406.
Past Presidents of B’nai B’rith
Abe Rothstein
Morris Witten
Leonard Grunthal
Philip N. Selber
Harry Katz
Edgar Felson
Arthur Gutman
Donald Cohn
Nat Shorstein
Louis Safer
Albert Datz
Lionel Gaines
Norman Freedman
Joel Goldman
Irwin Bud Goldberg
Emanuel Ehrlich
Paul Bossen
Ed Mass
Hyman Selber
Bert Whitfield
Robert Roth
Arthur Hurwitz
E. Ted Cohn
Leonard Cohn
Hy Kliman
Jack Coleman
H. T. Freedman
Alfred Rosenzweig
Milton Hecht
Stuart Hecht
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
171
