*yMessag[e front tie ^lQaLLi
In his book “Poems of a Jew,” Karl Shapiro
describes the synagogue in this way:
The altar of the Hebrews is a house, not relic
but a place, Sinai itself not holy ground but a
factual holiness wherein the living God is
resident. Our scrolls are volumes of the thun¬
dered law, Sabbath by Sabbath wound by hand.
This poem is especially significant this New Year
as we enter our new home. What the poet is saying'is
that the synagogue is not a holy place, but devoted
people. Our new home will be dedicated and conse¬
crated through the voices of men, women, and children
who come to pray, to study, and to celebrate the
cycle of the Jewish year.
What will our Synagogue be? It will be the many
moods of our collective life; the earnestness of Yom
Kippur; the ashen gray of Tisha B’Av; the joy of
Simhat Torah; the memories of Yizkor.
In our home we will know that we are not alone.
The heartbroken will rise for Kaddish, surrounded
by people who comfort and care, Bride and Groom who
merge their lives and destinies will know that a con¬
gregation shares their joy.
In our home our children will stand before God
and people and their idealism and spirit will rejuvenate
our lives. It is no small matter to fashion a future
together. In our home grateful parents will hear their
newly bom named and blessed, and in our home, we
will hear our ancestors’ voices as they echo in our
lives.
When our people feel the strain of so much of the
loveless world around us, when we are tempted to
succumb to the quick and easy choice, when the head¬
lines are black with cynicism, we will as always escape
from madness into the sanctuary which shelters our
lives.
Before the Ark which holds our most precious
possession, before God who is the noblest idea we
possess, before the bricks our fathers built for us, and
in the presence of sacred memories of those who passed
before us, we will stand and take new heart and
resolve.
Rabbi David Gaffney
in his study
Our home will be the real center of our people’s
lives and the bastion of their values. We will come to
our home, the synagogue, to confirm our common
strength; to fill the gap between what we profess and
what we practice.
We will come to the synagogue because it is here
that the lives of our people are forged. We will come to
find the turbulence of our heart and to find reservoirs
of peace. We will come to contemplate and be enlight¬
ened by the panorama of Jewish life and history. We
will come to seek the Spirit who put an upward reach
in our heart.
Congratulations to us all on our new home. We
are deeply grateful to those who provided the vision in
the past, and to those who labor and support in the
present. May we in the future share our joys, forge
our destiny and stand before God in our new home.
May none of us live in isolation. May we ever harbor
reverence — in our new home.
Rabbi David Gaffney
7
