WHAT IS YOUR FAIR SHARE GIFT?
Surely you must have asked yourself, “What must I give . . . what is my fair share gift to
the new Building Campaign?”
You, and you alone, know the answer. You must find it for yourself.
No one can tell another the amount he MUST give to the Building Fund. But if we are to
succeed in raising our goal, the standard of giving must be on a very high level. You must make a
gift greater than you ever thought would be necessary ... without a doubt greater than you are
considering at this moment.
A magic formula for success? There is none.
Some members have been blessed with more worldly goods than others. It is only right that
they carry more of the load. But they should not be expected to carry it all. Therefore, every mem¬
ber must give sacrificially.
What is sacrificial giving? It is giving that means doing without. Without what? Something
we need? No, never! But it does mean doing without something we want badly.
Your fair share is the sum dictated by your heart, your conscience; your concern for the bet¬
terment of the congregation. If there is any question in your mind about the amount you now in¬
tend to subscribe ... if there is the least doubt . . . then that amount is not your “fair share.”
You will recognize your “fair share” when you have reached it . . . deep inside, you will know,
for then all doubt will be erased. You will be able to speak of your gift proudly, without apology,
no matter how it compares with that of the man who can afford to give more.
Select a suitable Tribute or Memorial.. . . Fill in your pledge card with the information requested.
Your selection of an appropriate Tribute or Memorial should be made as soon as possible!
Remember that you are able to pay your pledge over a 5 year period and your gift is tax deductible.
Your commitment is required NOW!
In your heart you will know that you have fulfilled a responsibility to your congregation . . .
to your children and grandchildren . . . just as generations past have done.
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Building Development Campaign
10101 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
. . . Return signed pledge card as soon as possible!
