riíute to JCy
a
man
Sell or
A Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Jewish Center, April 11, 1975:
“The measure of a man is how he serves his
fellow man.
Hyman Selber, Chairman of the Year Book Com¬
mittee for over 40 years, has been responsible for rais¬
ing over a quarter of a million dollars for the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center.
This remarkable record of achievement is matched
only by the success of the annual Center Year Book
which has received national recognition as an out¬
standing chronicle of our Synagogue-Center’s activi¬
ties and programs.
The lives of thousands of children, teenagers and
adults have been enriched because dedicated indivi¬
duals such as Hyman Selber have raised the funds to
help make these programs possible.
With grateful hearts the Board of Directors, on
behalf of the entire Center Family, salutes Hyman
Selber, his wife Bertha, and his entire family, for an
unmatched record of dedication and accomplishment.
May Hyman Selber’s example of unselfish service
serve as in inspiration to all of us.”
*<Jr iluto to Sirs. JUel <£ sman an J JHrs. JC co Qacob
son
A Resolution of the Board of Directors, June 12, 1975:
CAROLE ESMAN
SHEILA JACOBSON
forts and energies made “Le Garage” and “His and
Hers” Raffle one of the most successful social and
fund raising activities in the history of the Jewish
Center.
Be it Resolved that Carole Esman and Sheila
Jacobson, Chairman and Co-Chairman of the Educa¬
tion Committee, by bringing new dimensions to words
“commitment,” “responsibility” and “service” be rec¬
ognized, honored, and thanked by the entire Jewish
Center Family.”
Compliments of A FRIEND
“There are no finer examples of outstanding lead¬
ership and service than those individuals who were
responsible for the extraordinary success of the “His
and Hers” Raffle and Gala Social, “Le Garage.” The
months of planning, co-ordinating and follow-through,
the countless hours of hard work and personal sacri¬
fices, made it happen.
Therefore, Be it Resolved that the Board of Di¬
rectors of the Jacksonville Jewish Center commends
and congratulates those individuals whose untiring ef¬
41
