1946
^^enter
amp
PAST - PRESENT - FUTURE
1975
Campers Enrolled for First Summer
The Committee of the Center Day Camp reviews
the past and looks forward to a great future. The
Camp was founded in 1946 by a farsighted group who
felt that it was most important to have Judaic pro¬
gramming presented in an informal atmosphere for
part of the summer. To make the program more ap¬
pealing, the extras of swimming, crafts, sports and
games were added.
During the early years the Camp was called Yom
Tov. The Center was used as home base with a port¬
able plastic pool used for swimming. Field trips and
movies werei scheduled each week.
As enrollment grew it was soon necessary to rent
the facilities of a motel swimming pool and to add
many new activities to the all around program. A
baseball team was organized in addition to the exist¬
ing sports program and won many honors for the
Camp.
Eventually as more of our membership moved to
the Southside, arrangements were made to rent a camp¬
ing facility on State Rd. #13 which included a swim¬
ming hole, canoeing and boating. The wooded areas
surrounding the sight were perfect for hikes and na¬
ture studies.
In 1964 the Center Day Camp became an estab¬
lished Camp with a home of its own. The Building
Committee, with visions for the future, initiated the
purchase of 36 acres on State Rd. #13, containing
beautiful woodlands, a large colonial house and cleared
land for ball fields. To this was added an Olympic
swimming pool, combination tennis and basketball
courts, a double handball court and playground facili¬
ties including swings, slides and a large sand area.
As the only Jewish Day Camp in the area, the
Center Day Camp has continued to grow, to offer a
swimming program for beginners and advanced swim¬
mers, directed by Red Cross Water Safety Instructors.
Because the location is close to a lake and the St.
Johns River, we acquired a motor boat, joined an
American Water Ski Association and each summer
campers receive achievement awards for skills and
advancement in waterskiing.
For the past twenty-nine years our Camp has
continued to further the growth of the individual
child, to teach camping skills so a child could gain
confidence by doing and sharing with others, basic
ingredients in the art of happy living.
We have tried to utilize the natural resources and
surroundings in crafts and nature study, to help each
camper learn more about our Judaic heritage through
song, dance and dramatics.
It is gratifying to note that our reputation re¬
mains solid, that ex-Counselors and campers of the
past are now enrolling their children for a healthy,
constructive summer program.
With the new dimension of the entire Center lo¬
cated in one area, we project many innovations for the
Center Day Camp. We look forward to the utilization
of the Camp facilities throughout the year for school
and youth activities and to the constant growth of the
entire Jacksonville Jewish Center.
103
