nc ij-jecjiinnincji
The Bible tells us of the Days of Creation —
the Seven Days of Prologue to the history of Man.
When God created Man, He said:
"Let us make man in our image after our likeness
and let them have dominion . . . over all the earth."
And God blessed the Seven Days of Creation.
In which day, then, do we live?
Ours is the Eighth Day of Creation.
We alone have been given powers of creativity
to change the world around us, to win "dominion over all the earth" and of ourselves.
What is the Blessing of the Eighth Day?
The Blessing is Man's responsibility and opportunity to join with the Creator in
advancing the drama of Creation. It is to mold the world in which we and our
children will live.
We have been given guide-posts for\ this —
enduring truths by which men can create\ their own best future.
WE HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT GOOD IS STRONGER THAN EVIL
This is to know that evil is only an interruption of the good.
And yesterday's evif is not stronger than the force of good with which we start
each day.
It is to; remember how1 much freedom we have to choose between good and evil.
WE HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT OUR ERRORS NEED NOT BE FINAL
At any point in our lives, we have the power to; regret a mistake,
learn from it, advance from it„ Not merely to be sorry, but to accept
responsibility for our errors, and for the hurt we cause others.
WE HAVE BEEN GIVEN A DIRECTION
Why is the world Man is building still so different from the world Man wants?
It is because Man is still so young.
Yet we know that a child can grow into true maturity, if he is given loving
guidance — a direction in life given to someone out of love.
This is what Man has been given in the Ten Commandments.
OURS CAN BE A JOYFUL LIFE
We have been given life itself: the edifice of our body and mind, senses and spirit.
The talent to love: to share ourselves with others, to belong to them, to live on in them.
The talent to serve: to seek; out the needs of others without seeking reward: to
know the delight which comes from the act of service itself.
With these truths, and the power that is in them, we can have faith in our capacity
to create what we seek most — meaning for our own life.
We can have faith in what we can know and in what we can do.
That is why in the language of the Bible, in Hebrew, the word for FAITH, and
the word for a man s work, have a common root:
AMEN
(reprinted from "The Birthday of the World," Davis and Ratner, Farrara, Strauss and Cudahy)
cSasi d
oast
LOUIS PORTNOY - WALTER PORTNOY
AND FAMILIES
