1935 FLASHBACK
a
roop
14 ^oy ^Scouts
Troop 14 Diamond Ball Champs
During the Diamond Ball season Troop
14 entered a team in the Boy^ Scout
Diamond Ball League. William Katz
was chosen as captain, and Daniel Lipson
was alternate captain. The troop won
the championship of the Diamond Ball
League with only one defeat being
chalked up against them. They rang
up double victories over Troop 29 and
Troop 6, and a single victory over Troop
19. The men that caried Troop 14 to the
pennant were mainly William Katz,
Melvin M. Margol, Melvin 0. Margol,
Simon Rothstein, Daniel Lipson and
Irvin Surasky. Although every man on
the squad help:d to win games, these
were the men that did the most work.
The whole squad consisted of: Captain
William Katz, Alternate Captain Daniel
Lipson, Melvin 0. Margol, Melvin M.
Margol, Simon Rothstein, Irvin Surasky,
Alex Schneider, Bernard Sachs, Paul
Weiss, Clarence Berman, Raymond Co¬
hen, Murray Wolfson, Harvey Leitman,
William Schemer, Hilbert Margol and
Howard Margol. Wilbur Margol was
bat boy.
TROOP OFFICERS
Senior Patrol Leader
Scribe
Quartermaster
Librarian
Don Levinson
Mitch Crystal
David Greenspoon
Gary Kupfer
ADULT ADVISORS
Scoutmaster Charles Berman
Asst. Scoutmaster Leon Yergin
Committee Chairman Gene Crystal
Institutional Representative Henry Lasris
The Scouting program is more than just an or¬
ganization for boys ages 11 and up, but the new
concept of Scouting is designed for boys to develop
their own interests by leadership and direction of ac¬
tivities. The do-it-yourself program with the guidance
of Scoutmasters Charles Berman and Leon Yergin
help them to build a good set of character, leadership,
morals and citizenship qualities which are the founda¬
tion of future adult leadership.
Troop 14 under the leadership of Senior Patrol
Leader Don Levinson has done a terrific job of ac¬
complishing the goals of Scouting. All Scouts in the
Troop have advanced in rank and earned many merit
badges.
The Troop has been very active this past year
with participation in Scout Good Will Day, N. Florida
Council Mystery Jamboree of which they placed third
among twenty participating troops, “Unisex” Jamboree
held at thei Day Camp with the participation of the
Webelos Den of Cub Scouts and the Center Girl Scout
Troop, enjoying a cook-out and classes in Scouting
skills. These are just a few of the activities enjoyed.
The Troop spent one week (June 29 through July 5)
at Summer Boy Scout Camp at Camp Shands in
Melrose, Fla. and met throughout the 1975 summer
season.
The Scouting program is open to all boys ages 11
and up. It is a wonderful challenge and opportunity
for any boy who likes excitement and adventure to
participate in activities including the broad scope of
the outdoors, to the attainment of the Ner Tamid
award, a treasured religious award which ties Scouting
to our faith and to all the many activities that lead
up to the coveted Eagle Award. The Scouting program
has been adjusted to today’s youth — give it a try!
123
