Don Cohn, President
Executive Director Lawrence Rackow, ASCW
President „ Donald D. Cohn
Vice-President Jordan Ansbacher
David Konigsburg, Milton Mann, M.D.
Morris Price, M.D., Tekla Rosenfield
Treasurer Norman Moss
Jewish Family & Children’s Service has a 58 year
old history of meeting the needs of the Jewish Com¬
munity. Last year alone, we served 370 families and
assisted over 40 transients with lodgings, food and on
occasion rejoined them with their families.
J.F.C.S.’ principal service is counseling, marital,
parent-child or individual personal adjustment. Excit¬
ing plans for 1975 include three separate encounter
groups for singles, marrieds and students.
Last year J.F.C.S. oriented three Russian families
to the Jewish Community in Jacksonville. Most of the
members of the families are now self supporting,
speak some English (thanks to our volunteers), and are
indeed a part of the community.
dshildren
?rvice§
Lawrence Rackow
J.F.C.S. do® “what must be done” to help an
individual or family to function effectively. These ser¬
vices include—-but are not limited to—job placement,
education loans, camp scholarships, emergency trans¬
portation; housing, medical, dental or legal assistance,
foster care and boarding home placement as well as
clothing distribution to the needy and a small circulat¬
ing library for the housebound.
The agency continues to handle the local intake
for River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged. The
elderly are transported to their doctors, taken on shop¬
ping trips, and medication is obtained for them at
cost or no charge. Daily telephone contact is main¬
tained for the housebound clients.
Visits to the patients at the Northeast Florida
State Hospital at MacClenny and to the inmat® at
Raiford is a vital part of the outreach program.
J.F.C.S. is a non-profit agency supported by the
Jewish Community Council and the United Way.
In many interesting facets of the program, volun¬
teers are urgently needed. To help or be helped, call
J.F.C.S. at 396-2941,
Compliments
CARPET CITY
Jack Mayo
2829 Main Street — Phone 353-5978
5839 University Blvd., W. — Phone 731-0744
POSNOCK KOSHER FOODS, INC.
Processors and Distributors of
KOSHER MEAT PRODUCTS AND POULTRY
1713 East Elizabeth Avenue
Linden, New Jersey
Greetings
ROBERT A. (Bob) MALLARD
Assessor
Phone 633-5400
102 Duval — County Courthouse
MARGO RUBY
Party Planners
Phone 733-7922
KOSHER CATERING FOR ALL OCCASIONS
• BAR or BAT MITZVAHS
• WEDDINGS
• COCKTAIL PARTIES
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
183
