ivcr
'ara en
uxiitary
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Nathan Gold
First Vice President Mrs. Larry Richter
2nd Vice President Mrs. Sam Rosenberg
3rd Vice President Mrs. Jerry Funk
Financial Secretary Mrs. Mitchell Peltz
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Herman Paul
Recording Secretary Mrs. David Mizrahi
River Garden Auxiliary, formerly Ladies Hebrew
Sheltering Aid Society, is entering its 54th year of
“Service with a Heart.” River Garden Auxiliary was
founded by a group of dedicated women who dream¬
ed of having a home for Jewish aged in Jacksonville.
In 1946 their dream became a reality and the Auxi¬
liary continues to provide a home for the aged giving
them not only shelter but also loving care, companion¬
ship and medical care.
The Auxiliary provides extra budgetary needs as
furnishing, redecorating, air conditioning, kitchen, of¬
fice, and infirmary equipment, and hobby shop mater¬
ials. Funds are raised through our Tombola, Donor,
social printing, candelabra and mezzuzah memorials as
well as dues and life membership. Linen at the Home
is replenished through our annual Linen Shower in
January.
The Auxiliary contributes not only financially to
the Home, but also sponsors activity and volunteer
programs. Golden Sunshine meetings are held weekly.
Our members provide door to door transportation for
non residents to attend these weekly meetings. Resi¬
dents participate in projects! served by the Auxiliary
such as ceramic and art classes, hobby shop, and
resident’s magazine. Special parties are planned for
Chanukah. Purim, Mother’s Day, and Father’s Day.
The Red Cross Volunteer Program helps in yet another
way to personalize life for the residents.
As our new year rolls around, we pledge our
continued devotion and service to River Garden and
its residents in the hope that we can help bring some
measure of comfort and meaning to their lives.
1935 Officers of The Ladies’ Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society
and Home For The Aged
Best Wishes
NEIL R. SANDLER
The Bankers Life — DesMoines, Iowa
LIFE, HEALTH, DISABILITY, ESTATE PLANNING & PENSIONS
2055 Reyko Road, Suite 103 Phone 398-1181
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
187
