93
i ver
M
rew
OFFICERS
Albert M. Kofka President
Miss Minnie Schreiber President-Elect
Lewis Meisel Vice-President, Chairman of
Admissions Board
Herman Paul Vice-President, Co-Chairman of
Admissions Board
Sol Katz Vice-President, Co-Chairman of
Admissions Board
Eli Becker Vice-President, House Committee
Mrs. Roy J. Sloat.... Vice-President, Residents Welfare
Mrs. Joseph Bernstein Vice-President,
Public Relations
Dr. Harry Yoffee Vice-President, Medical Board
Jack Coleman Secretary
Jack Schwager Treasurer
Donald D. Cohn Chairman of the Board
Norman Hofheimer Chairman/Endowment Board
Dr. Sam Witten .... Chairman/Nominating Committee
ADMINISTRATIVE:
Sidney Entman Executive Director
Lawrence L. Kirschenbaum Assistant
Executive Director
Freda Dyal Administrative Assistant
This is the 29th edition of the Center Year Book
in which the Home reported on its services to the aged
and infirm of our community. As each year’s copy
was issued since 1946, the growth of the Home was
described in terms of meeting human needs.
Progress was seldom a smooth and even pace in
the development of our institution. In some years, we
covered great distances rapidly and at other times,
we made snail-like progress and even regressed.
But the overview of almost 30 years activities
reflects the phenomenal needs for the Home and the
similar phenomenal response from the Jewish Com¬
munities of Florida to meet these needs.
Mrs. Tillie Reiser directing the Players.
Thus, the first year’s description of a lovely co¬
lonial mansion, housing 12 residents with a staff of
eight, is quite different from the current modem struc¬
tures with a staff of 150 serving 180 residents. As
needs developed, the Home designed and created new
lifestyles to serve the aging, the infirm and the mentally
impaired. The track record for maintaining the senile
patient is outstanding by the very limited number of
Jewish aged ip the State Hospital.
The River Garden Players are well known for their
performances these past 18 years. But its fame spread
much further this year when they went on tour to
play before civic groups and organizations. The Players
were able to move right out into the community,
thanks to the Auxiliary, by the use of a “Chief Iron¬
side” van to transport wheelchair Players to other
stages.
The devoted concerns of a Jewish Community for
its elderly and infirm is> reflected by the quality of
services they* receive in the Home.
Best Wishes
ALLSTATE
ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS
RESIDENTIAL - COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL
1605 Hill Street — Phone 355-4711
ARLINGTON PHARMACY
BankAmericard
Free Pick-Up & Delivery in Arlington
Your Prescription Headquarters
Herbert Weinstein & Jack Mitchell
1403 University Blvd., N. — Phone 743-4611
Best Wishes
Compliments
BORDEN FOODS COMPANY
of
1501 Haines Street
CLARK & LEWIS COMPANY
Room 204
2421 Dennis Street
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
185
