President
r.
roaressive
Moe B. Safer
Vice-President Edwin Presser
Secretary Herman Gelman
Treasurer Joseph Cohen
Directors Eugene Henry, David Gradman
and W. Z. Goldberg
Associate-Directors Samuel Schuster, Wallace
Rubenstein, Jordan Ansbacher, Nathan V. Gross
and William E. Papet
Credit Committee Mac Presser, Chairman;
Irwin Gendzier and Murray B. Glickstein
Audit Committee Max Becker, Chairman
Stanley Gelman, Milton Hecht, Jean
Benjamin and Barry Schuster
The Progressive Credit Union was organized and
is operated to serve the financial needs of its members
consisting of men and women of the Jacksonville
Jewish community.
1974 was a good year. Many Jacksonville business
men and women used the service of the Credit Union
last year to supplement their operating capital. Loans
were made to many Jewish families to buy auto¬
mobiles, appliances, marry or confirm their children
and for other worth-while personal needs. 2ft Jewish
students were helped to go to the college of tl\eir
ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA —
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
OFFICERS
President Leo Meizlik
Membership Chairman Irvin Rothstein
Secretary Lillian Meizlik
Education and Program Chairman Jack Becker
Chairman of the Board Cantor A. Marton
Public Relations Chairman Isadore Moscovitz
Board Members .... David Goodman, Emanuel Ehrlich,
Sol Janow, Philip Bork, Hyman Selber,
Joel Bressler, Dr. Milton Mann
The aim of Zionist Organization of America is
designed primarily to engage in public relations in order
to interpret and improve the Israeli and Jewish image
generally before the bar of America public opinion. The
Z.O.A. stands in the forefront of those working to
strengthen Israel’s security. To accomplish this the
Z.O.A. has, in recent months, run hard-hitting messages
demanding justice for Israel in 27 newspapers includ¬
ing the New York Times and Washington Post. It has
also sponsored a nationwide speaking tour for General
Ariel Sharon — one of Prime Minister Rabin’s new
advisors — General Ezer Weizmann and Menahem
Begin, prominent member of the Knesset.
As you may know, the Z.O.A. arranged for Mr.
Begin to be seen and heard by millions of Americans
on N.B.C.’s “Meet The Press,” on radio and in the
CLreJit IA
nion
choice. The money advanced for school needs is fully
guaranteed by the U.S. government insured student
loan program.
All members receive free life insurance on their
savings up to $2,000.00. All loans are covered by free
credit life insurance for the full outstanding balances
of their loans. With all services rendered ratio charged
for interest is lower than charged by other lending
institutions in Jacksonville. Savers were rewarded in
1974 with 514% dividends. Savings are insured up
to $40,000 by the Florida Credit Union Guarantee
Corporation.
We extend a cordial invitation to all to join with
us and participate with us in the Progressive Credit
Union program.
Washington Press Club. Of utmost importance is the
fact that last January the Organization opened a new
Public Affairs office in Washington to make the Zionist
presence felt in the nerve center of foreign policy¬
making.
These and other activities of the Z.O.A. require
substantial operating funds. Financial support in the
form of membership in the Organization is therefore
vital. This year the Z.O.A. has decided to establish
two new membership categories: Patron Members at
$75. annual dues and Sustaining Members at $50. Reg¬
ular Membership may be renewed at $25. Please indi¬
cate your support of the Zionist Organization and
Israel by sending your dues to Irvin Rothstein, our
Membership Chairman.
191
