*Soutlt Jacksonville OneV JioUs elections
South Jacksonville Chapter at Large of Women’s
American ORT is pleased to announce the elected
officers for the year 75-76.
President Mrs. Ralph L. Kunsberg, Jr. (Cathy)
Vice-President Mrs. Robert Armel (Anne)
Vice-President Mrs. Steve Koegler (Blanche)
Vice-President Mrs. David Steinfeld (Michele)
Vice-President Mrs. Bruce Warschoff (Anita)
Treasurer Mrs. Arnold Frankel (Sharon)
Recording Secretary .... Mrs. William Dorsey (Arlene)
Financial Secretary.... Mrs. Gerald Duchovnay (Nanci)
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Melvin Gottlieb
(Debbie)
Parliamentarian Mrs. Ernest Brodsky (Harriett)
Our board meetings are held on the first Thursday
morning of each month and our regular monthly meet¬
ings, reflecting varied and interesting programming,
are held on the third Thursday of each month.
This year we will also be offering to our member¬
ship special workshops on Challah baking, Shabbat
Seders and home observance of our religious holidays
with special emphasis on young families. A few of our
fund raising activities this year will be our 2nd Annual
South Jacksonville ORT Road Rally (the winner re¬
ceiving a magnificient, well, maybe interesting original
trophy), White Elephant Auction and our Father’s
Day Lox and Bagel Box which was so successful last
year.
We look forward to our second year as a chapter
of Women’s American ORT with the ongoing convic¬
tion of promoting vocational education throughout
the world — “in the skills of work rest the dignity of
man and the wealth of nations.”
Anyone interested in joining us or who would
like further information about our chapter or ORT in
general please contact Cathy Kunsberg — 737-9097.
O.KV.-S e auclerc
The Beauclerc Chapter-at-large is the newest ORT
Chapter to be formed in Jacksonville. We meet on the
first Friday morning of each month.
ORT stands for Organization for Rehabilitation
through Training. Our purpose is to build) and fund
technical schools around the world. Among our plans
for the coming year are exercise classes and a com¬
bination Bingo and Auction.
Our slate of officers is as follows:
President Joanne LeDoyen
Vice-Presidents .... Annetta Komblum, Carole Marcus,
Jan Barnett and Dinah Kossoff
Recording Secretary Leslie Held
Corresponding Secy Renee Gordon
Treasurer Rita Weinstein
Financial Secy Patricia Diykerman
Digital 'N Digits
INTERNATIONAL
"The Specialty Store"
with discount prices
PLANT MARKET
DIGITAL
QUALITY PLANTS
Calculators
AND
Clocks
UNIQUE ACCESSORIES
BRAND Clock Radios
NAMES Thermometers
Typewriters
Watches
731-2866 — 6055 St. Augustine Rd.
FOR
EACH INDIVIDUAL
8286 Western Way Circle
Phone 731-2011
Patronize Our Advertisers — They Deserve Your Support
203
