son ví
lie <J~Cevrah <3Caddish
a
JOEL BRESSLER
President
Communal fraternities for the purpose of provid¬
ing burial and its attendant rites for the dead have
existed among the Jews ever since the Talmudic period.
The Hebrew term for such a fraternity is Hevrah
Kaddisha (Holy Society).
As soon as the society is notified by the local
funeral home of a Jewish death, out of respect for the
dead, a Shomer or watchman is notified and sits with
the body, especially at night, until the time of the
funeral.
The practices of cremation, speeding up the de¬
composition of the body, or embalming, the slowing
down the process, flowers at the funeral or public
viewing of the body are all discouraged by Jewish
custom both universally and locally.
The Jacksonville Hevrah Kaddish was formed
in January, 1974, and has been functioning ever since.
It consists of about twenty men and women who
perform the necessary tasks on a rotating basis. Any¬
one who would be interested in becoming a member
of the local society may contact Joel Bressler, its
President, for further information.
<dCistory and ¿Z/dctivities of <J~Cevralt <3Caddisha
The membersi of the burial society used to attend
at the bedside of the dying person and receive his
final declaration or confession of faith (Viddui). They
would wash and dress the coipse, conduct the burial
service, and finally, together with the observance
and performance of the traditional rites, conduct the
actual burial itself. In the case of the poor, the
burial society performed its services without any
charge. In all cases, however, whether there is a
charge or not, the members of the society fulfill
their task as a sacred duty or obligation (Mitzvah)
which confers merit upon all who take part therein.
Since respect and acts of charity shown to the dead
were regarded by the Jews in all ages as the highest
form of charity and human service, the members of
the Hevrah Kaddisha have always been highly re¬
spected in the Jewish communities; in many cases
in the past they were accorded special social and
religious privileges in return for their important and
unselfish service.
The actual preparation of the dead for burial,
undertaken by the Hevrah Kaddisha, is known in
Jewish law as “taharah” (cleansing, purifying). Dur¬
ing this Taharah definitely prescribed ceremonies
are observed, accompanied by the reading of specific
prayers. The body is washed from head to foot in
lukewarm water, dried and then clad in the burial
clothes (Tachrichin). During all this ceremony the
members of the society preserve a proper gravity and
respect. To prevent funerals from becoming very ex¬
pensive burdens upon1 the survivors Rabbon Gamaliel
1, in the latter part of the First Century, ordered that
he be buried in a simple linen garment, and this
procedure, was soon adopted by the great masses of
the Jewish people. Men are in addition wrapped in
the same Tallit (prayer shawl) which they have worn
at services during their life but with one of the
fringes removed. As soon as the body is fully clothed
in the Tachrichin, it is placed in a simple wooden
coffin, again in an effort to provide uniformity in
the treatment of the. dead and to, prevent excessive
costs of burial.
If one wishes to honor their dead by purchasing
a more expensive casket, they are encouraged instead
to give the additional money to the deceased’s favorite
loved ones.
Mr. and Mrs. Neil R. Sandler - - - Wish To Congratulate
DR. JAY S. GRIFE
Upon the opening of his New Office in the practice of
PODIATRIC MEDICINE AND FOOT SURGERY
Located in the - - -
MANDARIN PROFESSIONAL COMPLEX
9774 San Jose Boulevard Phone 268-2822
207
