"... AND GIVE YOU PEACE."
The following is a letter that Rabbi Gaffney sent to Mr. and Mrs.
William Replogle, parents of DeJean Replogle, a Jacksonville resident
injured in Jerusalem. In addition the Jewish Center* mailed a copy of
the “Book of Jewish Knowledge” by Nathan Ausubel to DeJean.
for that “Something Special”
visit the . . .
Sisterhood
Judaico Gift Shop
Ceremonial objects tor the home . . .
Gifts for the home . ..
Gifts for the Bar and Bas Mitzvah . . .
Confirmation . . . The New Baby . . .
Birthdays .. . Anniversaries .. .
Treasured Figures of Jewish Folklore ...
a complete selection of Fiddler's
People by David Kaplan ...
Special Orders
Given Prompt Attention
FEDERATED INSURANCE
January 7, 1975
Mr. and Mrs. William Replogle
22 West Ninth Street
Jacksonville, Fla. 32206
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Replogle:
As the Rabbi of the Jacksonville Jewish Center I would like to
convey my sentiments and those of my congregation to you and your
family on the recent incident involving your sweet and courageous daugh¬
ter, DeJean. As residents of the City of Jacksonville as well as members
of the Jewish community concerned with peace in Israel, we were deeply
disturbed to hear that pointless hatred and violence had struck so close
to home. May I asure you that the Jacksonville Jewish Center joins with
you as common members to a community of pain, and that we join in
prayer with you for DeJean’s speedy recovery.
As a Conservative Jewish congregation, we were pleased to note that
DeJean was visited by representatives of the “Center of Conservative
Judaism in Jerusalem.” The Director of the Center, Dr. Pesach Schindler,
presented a Bible to DeJean and spoke about her faith and courage in
the most glowing terms. He described her and you, her parents, as
wonderful and beautiful human beings whose sustaining faith was ex¬
emplary in dealing with the challenge brought on by this terrible ordeal.
Some weeks ago members of our congregation, Mr. and Mrs. Jack
Becker, visited the Main Street Baptist Church. They were invited to
explain to an audience of teen-agers the story of the history and tradi¬
tions of the Jewish people. One of the teen-agers present was your
daughter, DeJean. We are ( therefore mailing you under separate cover
the “Book of Jewish Knowledge” and we hope you will present it to
DeJean on behalf of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and the Center for
Conservative Judaism in Jerusalem, upon her return.
We trust she will find the book a comprehensive complement to
the Introduction on Judaism she received from Mr. and Mrs. Becker.
We hope to be able to extend our best wishes to DeJean in person
soon. Until that time, may God bless you — may He lift His face
towards you and your dear ones and give you peace*.
Companies
Will Federated
Really Insure For
Falling Dill Pickles?
Yes, if it's someone's business to
construct the world's largest ham¬
burger sign, Federated will insure
for its normal hazards, such as fall-
ing dill picklesorflyingcatsup. Your
Federated representative is an
expert at tailoring the Business
Protect-All to meet your needs.
Naturally!
I
INSURANCE FOR BUSINESS
I «HOME «CAR • LIFE
r! JUST ASK
BRIAN BENWICK
725-6400
Cordially,
Rabbi David Gaffney
JAX TELEFIX SERVICE
T
E
L
E
F
I
X
TELEVISION T
STERE° L
RADIO lCICI,^B E
F
I
X
"Member Florida Electronic Service Association"
BankAmericard
Master Charge
839 IONIA STREET
PHONE 354-1607
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Óur Advertisers
239
