3f á ese old walls cou U talk...
If these old walls could talk—what would they
say? These windows that have seen so many seasons
change—that have let the sun shine in and kept the
weather out, what could they reflect? These curtains
that now hang so precariously from their rods—what
secrets hide in their folds? The desks in the classrooms
—what anecdotes could they recite? How many brides
have primped in the lounge? How many nervous 13-
year olds have stood at the bima and chanted their
Halftorah? How many people have received advice, con¬
solation, encouragement, and counseling from our
spiritual leaders? How many Sisterhood members have
been greeted and welcomed at meetings by presidents:
Sophie Finkelstein, Lucy Rubin*, Florence Bono*,
Bertha Sager*, Rose Hackel*, Eva Chepenik, Eunice
Safer, Rose Witten, Rose Gartner, Paula Fink*, Sue
Becker, Clara Jaffe, Evelyn Mizrahi, Runny Thier,
Ida Cohen, May Goldie Stillman, Faye Jawitz*, Betty
Rose, Blanche Slott, Idlene Slaff, Shirley Schinasi,
Sybil Ansbacher, Horty Gendzier, Susan Kantor and
Marsha Pollock. * Deceased
How many latkes have been eaten at chanukah
dinners? How many vegetables hung in the succah?
Oh! What these old walls could tell And now we pre¬
pare to leave it all behind. But, what really is the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, and what is our Sister¬
hood? Brick? floors? windows? drapes or furniture? We
know that it is not! It is our spirit, our sense of be¬
longing. Our pride in our accomplishments and the
grand feeling we have as we know that the synagogue
which we unselfishly support with our hearts, our
hands, our time and yes, our friends, has been and will
continue to be such a vital part of the Jacksonville
Jewish community.
This is what we take with us! We take our spirit
and pride as we joyfully move to our new home. A
home we have built for ourselves, our children and our
childrens’ children. How many brides will wait in the
lounge? How many 13-year olds will take their place as
a member of the adult community in our new sanctu¬
ary? We do not need the answers of these questions.
What is important is that there will be brides, babies
named, Bar and Bat Mitzvot, meetings, latkes, the
kinship of a congregation, the support of a Sisterhood.
We leave our old classrooms, but we take our
knowledge with us. We leave our sanctuary, but we
take our faith. We leave with the echoes of so many of
our simchas and sorrows still bouncing from these
walls, but we take our memories. We pause briefly to
look back at the spiritual home that has served us
so well for so long. And then, with a sigh, we pivot to
look ahead—to go forward into a new building—with
plans for our growth and expansion both as a congre¬
gation and as individuals. As we go, let us not loose
sight of this fact: whether at 3rd & Silver Streets or
10101 San Jose Blvd., it is the congregation—the
Sisterhood—the entire membership—it is as it has
been for the past 49 years—WE ARE THE JACK¬
SONVILLE JEWISH CENTER!
by Arlene Zel, Sisterhood
Cultural Vice-President
CONGRATULATIONS
to the
NEW JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
QUALITY HARDWARE & SPECIALTY CO., INC.
207 N. Ellis Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32205
CONTRACTORS • A MISSOURI CORPORATION
BRANCH OFFICE • 5995 PHILLIPS HIGHWAY • JACKSONVILLE, FLA. 32216 • (904) 731-4433
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
269
