CCenter
1903 — 72 Years of Progress — 1975
The history of the Jacksonville Jewish Center dates
back over sixty years to the founding of the Congrega¬
tion B’nai Israel in 1901. At the time of its incorpor-
action in 1903 this congregation had grown from five to
forty families. When in 1907 the membership had in¬
creased to seventy-five, the congregation felt strong
enough to begin the “erection of a suitable edifice to
house its religious and educational activities.”
At the end of the first quarter of the century, it
became apparent that a Jewish Center was necessary to
revise the “deplorable indifference to the . . . education
of the young. The continuance of this”, said Rabbi
Samuel Benjamin, “would have caused the absolute ex¬
tinction of the local Jewish community.” To prevent
this he proposed the founding of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center which would serve not only one congregation,
but the entire Jewish community in all its religious,
social, cultural and physical needs.
And so it was that in 1927 the Congregation B’nai
Israel became the Congregation of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center under the leadership of Rabbi Benjamin
and Mr. Harry Finkelstein, its first President. The new
congregation, relocated at its present site at Third and
Silver Streets, became a Conservative Synagogue affili¬
ated with the United Synagogue of America. Since that
time it has played a “major role in the existence and
development of practically every Jewish group in the
city.”
The year 1947-48 brought further evidence of the
need for expansion in order to meet the needs of our
youth in the community. In 1950 Groundbreaking cere¬
monies were held for the Activities Building, and the
dedication was celebrated in April of the following year.
The dedication of the Youth Center marked the begin¬
ning of the finest youth program in this part of the
country. At the same time plans were made for the
complete renovation of the sanctuary. This part of the
expansion program was completed and dedication was
observed in May of 1958.
When the need for several more classrooms became
most pressing, the Building Fund Committee began to
plan still further expansion so that every pupil could be
provided with a proper classroom. This project was
realized in 1959 when the addition to the school build¬
ing was completed.
In 1962, through the efforts of the Land Acquisi¬
tion Committee the Center purchased a 36 acre site on
State Road 13, 1% miles south of Beauclerc Country
Club. In July 1974 construction began on the new
Jacksonville Jewish Center so that the congregation’s
growing needs may best be served. Thus the Center has
grown from a congregation of five families to one of
nearly eight hundred and has become one of the great¬
est symbols of progressive Judaism in the Southeast.
Raymond W Cohen
Advertising LTD.
A full service Advertising Agency
Newspaper / Radio / Television / Print
Graphic Design & Concept / Research
Product Development and Marketing
Public Relations / Advertising Art
& Fashion Illustration W w
Total Graphic PlanningJ^yP^ISING
524 Florida National Bank Bldg.
Phone 358-0754
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
287
