/?r«Z ' T3
THE CENTER
MRS. RALPH MIZRAHI
SlitesUvoadl
OFFICERS
President MRS. RALPH S. MIZRAHI
Vice Presidents MRS. ROY J. SLOAT
MRS. SHELBY TRAGER
MRS. JOSEPH MIZRAHI
Recording Secretary MRS. LOUIS SAFER
Corresponding Secretary MRS. SAM GREENBERG
Social Secretary MRS. ABE NEWMAN
Treasurer MRS. HERBERT L. SANDLER
Financial Secretary MRS. HENRY BETTMAN
As an auxiliary of the Synagogue, Sisterhood works
toward the preservation of Synagogue values. Those
women who sincerely align themselves with Sister¬
hood activities are playing a major role in the streng¬
thening and perpetuation of Jewish life in this coun¬
try.
Sisterhood strives by the sponsoring of Jewish edu¬
cation, to instill within our youth a deep understand¬
ing of their religion and a sense of pride in the glori-
ousjheritage of their people.
Sisterhood is a complex organization, bringing its
strength and vitality to bear on the many facets which
go toward pointing a well knit complete union, divert¬
ing its energies toward the successful culmination of
a varied program.
To mention but a few of our varied projects:
1. The Book and Gift Shop, Mrs. Isadore Gartner,
Chairman, does a most outstanding job in acquainting
our membership with traditional Jewish art and cere¬
monial objects, making them more aware of the beau¬
ty and culture to be found in the Jewish way of life.
2. Participation in the religious- and educational
phases of the Center’s activities and subsidizing Sun¬
day School teacher’s salaries.
3. Sponsorship of the Center Year Book under the
chairmanship of Mrs. Joseph Krestul, Mrs. Hyman
Selber and their many co-workers, who solicited the
advertisements, funds from which became the most
productive source of income for the Beautification
Fund.
4. The Beautification Committee, headed by Mrs.
Shelby Trager and her many sub-committees, helped
to raise funds for the furnishing of the Senior and
Junior Lounges, as well as the Junior Game Room on
the second floor of our Youth Activities building.
5. With the completion and dedication of our sec¬
ond floor, Sisterhood has added still another project,
to be known as “Funds for Youth,” under the able
chairmanship of Mrs. Sam Siegel. Monies raised
through this media will be used to sponsor a well
planned and professionally directed Youth Program
so that our young people of all age levels may fully
enjoy the facilities we have available to them.
Close affiliation with Sisterhood work enriches the
lives of those women active in its consecrated activi¬
ties. There is a place for every Center woman in this
work and. an opportunity for rendering vital service
to others.
(53)
