CENTER MEN’S CLUB
OFFICERS
President \V. Z. GOLDBERG
Vice Presidents- . . — NAT SHOR STEEN
HYMAN SELBER
DR. SEYMOUR MORSE
LEO MOSKOVITZ
Secretary ... —.IRWIN GENDZIER
Membership Secretary SAM BRYAN
Treasurer BENNIE HOFEENBERG
The Center Men’s Club is one arm of the Center, a part
of the whole, a part strong* in its endeavors, continually ex¬
panding and striving in every way to aid and assist the
Center in accomplishing its social, cultural and religious
goals.
We feel that to base our future actions on past activity
is using a standard that is continually too low. We are forever
eyeing and striving for greater projects, and to enhance
those values which the Center is constituted to provide.
Close affiliation with the Men’s Club aids in directing the
energies, skill and talents of its membership toward a richer
self, at the same time strengthening and developing Jewish
life in our community.
Of the three phases mentioned above, we have developed
an annual project in each category. Socially, we begin the
fall season with a dance just prior to the High Holidays.
Here the opportunity is two-fold. We give our friends a
chance to renew friendships after the summer interval and at
the same time a healthy financial contribution is made to
the Center. Plans for the coming social year include a paid-up
Membership Affair, a Barn Dance and two other events. It
might be appropriate at this time to mention the highly
successful Fashion Show presented last year.
In the cultural field, our high spot was the Center
Choral Society Concert sponsored by the Center Men’s Club,
Although only a nominal charge was made, local citizens were
given the opportunity to hear the well known Cantor David
J. Putterman of New York. The enthusiasm of those at¬
tending attested to the popularity of the program, which
consisted of Jewish and Hebrew selections. The Choral
Society is directed by Cantor Abraham Marton. The entire
proceeds of the event were presented to the Cantorial
School sponsored by the Jewish Theological Seminary of
America. The success of this annual concert promises to
be greater than ever this coming year.
The sponsorship of the Minyan Club is the religious ac¬
tivity from which we derive the greatest satisfaction. This
group is composed of boys about to be or who have already
been Bar Mitzvah. The Men’s Club arranges transportation
for the boys every Sunday morning and after the service
acts as hosts at a breakfast. The Men’s Club also assists, in
cooperation with the Center Sisterhood, in the celebration of
various Holidays and Festivals and Sunday School projects.
Athletics have always been one of the Men’s Club major
fields of activities. During the past year the Club spon¬
sored teams in basketball, volleyball and tennis, also aiding
materially in the support of the Center basketball Team.
Expanded plans have been made for the coming year.
The men who have given of their time and effort in
carrying out the program of the Men’s Club are too numerous
to mention. However, they are rewarded by the knowledge of
a job well done. They have helped themselves by helping
others. In a service organization such as ours, there is no
better goal. There is a place in the Center Men’s Club
for every Center member who desires to avail himself of
the joys and opportunities inherent therein.
New Year Greetings
Gold Pure Food
• HORSERADISH
• BORSCH
Happy New Year
Vita Food Products Inc.
• HERRING
• SMOKED FISH
• Kosher PICKLES
CAVIAR
SALMON
LOX
DISTRIBUTED BY
ALAN FOOD PRODUCTS, INC.
SAM GREENSPAN
714 FLAGLER AVE.
PHONE 9-0381
Í
I
■4
(57)
