lis 2.
BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA, TROOP 14
TROOP COMMITTEE
Chairman MANNY GOLDSTEIN
Board of Review
and Explorer
Advisor BERNARD GROSSMAN
Financial Secretary.. BEN EASRIS
Board of Review
and Institutional
Advisor .IRVIN ROTHSTEIN
Transportation
and Religious
Actviities HYMAN SEEBER
Scoutmaster TED FREEDMAN
TED FREEDMAN
Socrates, the Grecian Teacher said “Be interested in
the development of your sons for they will inherit the
fruits of your efforts.” Scouting-, through the program of
moral, mental and physical training provides a broadening
character experience for boys.
Scouting this year at the Center experienced a re¬
organization of leader personnel, and suffered a shrinkage
in membership. However, those who participated actively
did excellent work. The Troop received an “A” rating at
the Camporee at Crandall on the St. Marys River, earning
them the privilege of participating in the Council Camporee
at Silver Springs where the Troop earned a “B” rating. The
troop also enjoyed several outdoor overnight camping trips.
During summer camp at Camp Echockotee all the boys
received feathers for achievement in field events; several
received awards of the Camp Patch to be worn on the uni¬
form. Merit Badges in Life Saving and First Aid were
earned by Barney Chepenik and Arnold Lasris.
During the year advancement in rank was made by
Larry Cohen, Arthur Goldstein, Stephen Zann and Arnold
Lasris. Merit Badges were received by Martin Rothstein and
Barney Chepenik. George Glossman, Jerry Rothstein and
Sammy Sutton were inducted into the Troop in the Tender¬
foot Rank.
Through the generosity of the Board of Directors of
the Center, the facilities of the Center are used for Mohawk
District Court of Honor of the North Florida Council, on the
third Thursday of every month. At the Court of Honor,
awards for achievement and badges for advancement are
presented to the Scouts who have earned them during the
previous month. The Troops participating in the Court are
sponsored by a great many Churches and Civic Organi¬
zations who have expressed their appreciation for this
courtesy extended to a large segment of Jacksonville.
The fathers of the Scouts who formed the Committee and
took an active part are deserving of special appreciation.
They are Manny Goldstein, Committee Chairman, Bernard
Glossman, Irvin Rothstein, Ben Lasris, Hyman Selber,
Committeemen and Ted Freedman, Scoutmaster. Bernard
Glossman acted as Chairman of the Board of Review and
formed an Explorer Unit in the Troop. Irvin Rothstein
served on the Board of Review, supervised the boys at
Scout Camp, assisting the Scoutmaster greatly, and has been
appointed to serve as Institutional Representative. Ben
Lasris and Hyman Selber filled many jobs, including trans¬
portation, mailing notices and also serving on the Board
of Review. Mr. Selber came out to Scout Camp and with
fathers of the Committtee conducted services on Friday
night.
Ted Freedman, Scoutmaster, did an outstanding job in re¬
organizing the Troop and in building a strong nucleus for
the bigger and better Troop that he anticipates in the
coming year. His knowledge and interest in the Boy Scout
movement inspired the members of the Troop to strive
diligently for advancement. He was honored by the Com¬
mittee who proposed him for membership in the Order of the
Arrow, the Honor Society of Scouting. He took the Mem¬
bership Ordeal and induction at Scout Camp.
The Troop has openings for interested boys who wish to
avail themselves of the many exciting experiences in Scout¬
ing.
Season's Greetings
ROSENBLUM FAMILY
Compliments of
G R A S S L Y ELECTRIC CO.
ECONOMY ELECTRIC SHOP
W. E. Grossly - Owner
2705 Lydia St. Phone 8-3090
(65)
