\
We are pleased to devote this section of the Year Book to the Jewish Organizations of jj
Jacksonville, with their own descriptions of activities and purposes.
!
LEONARD MOSS
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH
COMMUNITY COUNCIL
213 W. Forsyth Street Phone 6-1451
OFFICERS
President LEONARD MOSS
Vice-Presidents J. L. KIPNIS, MAX RUBIN, BEN STEIN,
SAM GREEN, ROBERT JACOBS, MRS. I. D.
GLICKSTEIN, MRS. C. L. LIFT AUER
Auditor ROBERT M. RIEDERS
Treasurer P. N. COLEMAN
Executive Director BEN STARK
Honorary President SAM WOLFSON
BEN STARK
For 17 years, since 1935, Jewry of this city has had its
Jewish Community Council to represent it in an ever-
widening field of interests. For all Jacksonville Jewry, the
Council carries on the centuries'-old tradition of communal
living, of democratic discussion and of united action for
common purposes.
For a good part of the Council's life time, much of
world Jewry has been in dire need of financial aid to help
it remain alive, to rebuild itself after the terrible scourge
of Hitlerism had subsided. Through their Council, local
Jews have responded magnificently to the calls of their less
fortunate brothers.
In the years of its being, the Council, through its annu¬
al “United Campaign," has raised approximately $1,900,000
which has been disbursed according to need among more than
40 overseas, national and local Council beneficiaries.
While fund-raising necessarily has been and continues to
be the major function of the Council, it by no means is its
only activity. All Jews of the community, as individuals
and as members of some 25 different organizations, have
problems and programs in which they are interested. The
Council, as their instrument and voice, acts for them in
many ways.
Day to day, through the year, the Council's Public
Relations Committee, whose members represent all facets
of the community, works tirelessly in many directions.
It sponsors programs to improve relations between Jews
and non-Jews. It adds its weight to all democratic forces of
the community. It speaks and acts quickly when the com¬
munity or any of its members are attacked by anti-Semites.
In the field of group relations—for that essentially is its
field, the Public Relations Committee is the conscientious and
skilled servant of the community.
Since 1943, the Council has published the Commentator,
which several times has received national recognition for
its excellence as a community-sponsored newspaper.
The recent past saw the Council, for the community,
accept some 60 refugees into our midst, and with the
assistance of the Jewish Welfare Society, provide all the
care and services required by them until they became self-
supporting “new Americans."
Since warfare in Korea burst into flame, the Council's
Armed Services Committee has been reestablished to provide
every type of service to the Jewish men of the armed forces
stationed in and around Jacksonville.
In many other ways the Council serves. Its downtown
offices are open to groups for meetings. Its office equip¬
ment is freely offered all organizations. It maintains a
community calendar for the benefit of all. Through its
Presidents' Council it channels the interest and strength of
all organizations behind various community and city-wide
projects.
The Community Council is, indeed, the voice, the arm,
the heart of our city's Jewry.
*-
1
COMPLIMENTS
TOWERS HARDWARE CO.
6 STORES TO SERVE YOU
SOUTHERN ELECTRIC CO., INC.
Pete Lieberman — H. A. Sonnenberg — A. K. Metz
PHONE 4-5820 318 W. ADAMS
I
(113)
