NEIE CHONIN
A. Z. A.
OFFICERS
Alepli Godol (President) NEIL CHONIN
Aleph Segan ("Vice President) SOEEIE SAFER
Alepli Mazkir (Secretary) JOEE SELBER
Alepli Gizbor (Treasurer) SAMUEL BONO
Kolien Godol (Chaplain) DAVID THIER
Alepli Shotare Katone (Sgt. at Arms) BUDDY SHORSTEIN
Sweetheart SANDRA SAFER
The A. Z. A. Chapter, No. 272 of Jacksonville has been a
very active order this past year.
The Chapter was host to the Annual Florida Regional
Convention held here in December. Most of the activities
of the Convention were held in the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Without the use of the Center and its wonderful fa¬
cilities, it would not have been the most successful convention
in the history of the Florida Region of the A. Z. A. Sollie
Safer was elected Regional Aleph Gizbor and Carol Kantor,
our Chapter Sweetheart was elected Sweetheart of the Florida
Region. The next Regional Convention will be held in Miami.
Another outstanding event sponsored by Chapter 272
was the Annual Alumni Banquet held on March 1st. Mr.
Joe Eisenberg of Brunswick, Ga., a member of the Executive
Committee of the Fifth District of B’nai B’rith was the
principle speaker.
As part of its religious program, the Chapter held its
Annual Sabbath Service at the Center on May 2nd. Many of
the boys had parts in the service and others assisted with the
ushering.
The closing affair of the year was the Annual A. Z. A.
Minstrel, which was successfully produced by the boys of the
Chapter and the members of the newly formed B. B. G.
Chapter.
During the month of June a District 5 Convention was
held at Camp Blue Star. Sollie Safer and Joel Selber were
delegates from Jacksonville. Sollie Safer was elected Aleph
Sopher.
The athletic, community service, cultural, religious and
social phases of A. Z. A. (The Five Fold Program) have been
well filled this year by our Chapter. This program is the
backbone of A. Z. A. Through the fulfillment of the Five
Fold Program A. Z. A. achieves its purpose in the community^
The Jacksonville Chapter is looking forward to an even more
successful program in the coming year.
In closing the Chapter wishes to express its sincere thanks
to its able and hard working advisors, Mr. Morris Chonin, Mr.
Ally Goldstein and Mr. Hyman Selber, who have spared no
efforts in assisting with every phase of its program, contrib¬
uting in great measure to its success. We hope they will
continue to guide us. We also want to thank Charles Levy,
who served as president during the past year, and who re¬
signed his post upon leaving the city. The balance of the
term is being filled by Neil Chonin.
B'NAI B'RITH GIRLS
OFFICERS
President SANDRA RO SENFIEED
Vice President SANDRA SAFER
Secretary EYNN KARSMAN
Treasurer JEANNE EIPPMAN
Advisors MRS. EEEANOR WOEFi
MRS. JOE ISSAi :
The B’nai B’rith Girls of Jacksonville have a seven-fold
program: Social, Religious, Cultural, Inter-Faith, Community
Service, Athletics and B’nai B’rith Cooperation, comprising a
well rounded scope of activities. Any girl between the ages
of 14 - 17 will find some phase of this varied program in
which she can take an active part.
The Club was formed this spring, and is the sister or¬
ganization of A. Z. A. The enthusiasm of the membership
promises that B’nai B’rith Girls will be an outstanding youth
group during the coming year.
We extend our best wishes for the New Year to the entire
community.
SANDRA ROSENFIEED
(121)
