MASADA CLUB
OFFICERS
President
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Treasurer
HY KAUFMAN
MARVIN HALPERN
SIMMIE GLANTZ
DAVID MOED
HY KAUFMAN
Masada is the Young Men’s Organization of the Zionist
movement. It sponsors social events, community activities
and educational discussions.
We have had well informed guest speakers at our meet¬
ings giving talks on such informative subjects as Jewish
history, the political and domestic scene in Israel, reasons for
customs and traditions, and many other topics of Jewish
interest in general. Discussions by the group followed these
lectures and newcomers have been introduced to the com¬
munity by attending these meetings.
Masada’s social season was very successful, one of the
most outstanding events being the New Year’s Eve party.
The major undertaking of Masada was a Variety Show
held on April 13th for the Benefit of Medical Supplies for
the State of Israel. Some of the city’s outstanding pro¬
fessional and semi-professional talent contributed their efforts
in making the Benefit a success. The proceeds, amounting to
over $760.00, were presented to Senior Hadassah toward the
purchase of an electro-cardiograph machine for the new
Hadassah Medical Center in Ain Karem.
SAMUEL J. THIER
ZIONIST ORGANIZATION
OF JACKSONVILLE
OFFICERS
President SAMUEL J. THIER
1st Vice President I. J. EDELSTEIN
2nd Vice President CANTOR ABRAHAM MARTON
Secretary-Treasurer EUGENE L. HENRY
Director, S. E. Region Youth Commission JACOB BECKER
The question is often asked: “What is the need for a Zion¬
ist organization when the State of Israel has already been
established?” The fact of the matter is that the need for
a Z. O. A. is greater than ever before.
Israel is an infant among nations; she cannot do a
grown man’s job alone. Z. O. A. is helping to bring home the
homeless, and is creating jobs and futures for them. Along
with that it: (1) Maintains colonies in Israel; (2) Ships
food and clothing; (3) Is establishing an American School
of Business in Israel.
On the American scene our work is of equal importance.
(116)
The positive work of Z. O. A., is enriching Jewish life in
America by a program of Hebrew education and culture
through our publications and speaker’s bureau. We also
conduct a program of education abroad to counteract the
socialist fringe in Israel and to keep the orientation towards
the West. Here, in America, we are constantly on the alert
for such things as the recent flow of hate propaganda ema¬
nating from the enemies of the State of Israel.
And finally, Z. O. A. by its program of adult education
and support of our Young Judean groups, strives for a uni¬
fied Jewish Community capable of confronting the future
problems as good Americans and good Jews.
