Rabbi's
Message
Address delivered on presentation of National United Synagogue Solomon
Schechter Award, field of youth work on May 19, 1952.
WE stand before the Almighty in profound
gratitute and deepest humility. To our fel¬
low citizens of Jacksonville, fellow laborers in the
vineyard of the Lord on behalf of youth, go our
heartfelt appreciations for their felicitations and
words of commendation. I want to reciprocate their
kind sentiments by sharing with them and with the
leaders among our young people — the real cele¬
brants of this occasion — a thought on the place of
youth service at the present junction in human
affairs.
I am especially pleased that the leaders among
our young people are here to witness a significant
demonstration. Everyone who has spoken is engaged
in some phase of a common adventure, whether the
endeavor be Christian, Jewish, inter-denominational
or non-denomination. Whether it be called character
building or spiritual guidance, the ultimate aim is
to render more meaningful the span of years that
form the gatewa yto maturity. Our objective is to
help youth attain life abundant on a spiritual plane.
The fact that all young people share desires and
aspirations leads me to a further observation. Pro¬
gressive leaders have come to realize that lack in
spiritual commitment noticed at times among young-
people is not entirely of their own making. Some¬
where along the line the adult world had failed.
Secularized society with its inevitable cynicism is
really responsible for weakening moral fiber.
On the other hand, we hear today frantic appeals
for a return to religion in order to save the world
from moral chaos. Finally, I am suspicious of most
of those exhortations. The term religion as employed
in many of these cries of desperation is just another
magic cure. Repeating sacred words and perform¬
ance of sanctified ritual in themselves will not do.
Only a reawakening to the truths inherent in religion
will avail us of its magic grace.
The urgent need for spiritual values today, to my
mind, is comparable to the need for a moral and just
form of government in the days when America
came into being. For inspiration our founding-
fathers went to the Hebrew scriptures. This past
Sabbath incidentally, the lesson read in synagogues
the world over was the final chapter in Leviticus
RABBI SANDERS A. TOFIELD
which included the words inscribed on the Liberty
Bell, “Proclaim Liberty throughout the land, unto
all the inhabitants thereof.” Divinely inspired was
the system of human rights with freedom of worship
among them for which this verse became the sturdy
foundation. Since 1776 secular philosophies took
over. Almost forgotten is the specific and the all
embracing ideals which those words taught.
All of you recall that this injunction proclaimed
the Jubilee Year observance. Freedom was the aim.
There was to be no landless farmer, no subjected
humanity—no man was to lord over his neighbor.
With the blessing of liberty went an even greater
postulate, “For they are My servants.” Humanity
is meant to be free, but also meant to be responsible
to divine authority.
It is my implicit belief that young people under¬
stand this message. They resent being squelched
They cherish opportunities for displaying initiative.
Their example of zeal in the direction of the inherent
dignity of man gives me faith in their ability to take
society out of its moral doldrums. Provided, of
course, youth is properly guided.
Work with youth stimulates the application of
fresh insight. All of us cherish the blessings of a free
society. Freedom is meaningless however, unless re¬
lated to the sacred premise. “For they are My ser¬
vants.” External tyrannies we shall not tolerate. We
shall live by one compulsion, one compulsion only—
the command of God. Youth service under the banner
of faith is based on faith in the integrity of young
people. They appreciate moral imperatives when
taught along with the virture of responsibility. They
appreciate freedom that stems from moral control. I
am confident that they shall bring us all to the con¬
viction, “We are servants of God and deserve to be
free.”
(9)
