U. S. Y. SOUTHEAST REGIONAL CONFERENCE
Youth of Conservative Synagogues Elect Officers, Adopt Plans
When the U.S.Y. first Southeast Regional
Conference came to a close at a luncheon held
on Sunday, March 30th, in the Center audi¬
torium, delegates from 12 congregations re¬
peated regrets that the time for dismissal had
arrived. The newly elected Executive Commit¬
tee met in the Library to map procedures man¬
dated in resolutions adopted at the sessions.
Officers Elected
Following lively discussion of the Nominat¬
ing Committee report, submitted by Larry Sie¬
gel of Jacksonville, the following were elected
to head the organization for one year: Presi¬
dent, Charles Levy, Jacksonville; 1st Vice
President, David Shear, Tampa; 2nd Vice Presi¬
dent, Arnold Tenenbaum, Savannah; Treasur¬
er, Paul Weiss, Miami Beach; Corresponding
Secretary, Bryna Lee Datz, Jacksonville; Re¬
cording Secretary, Carlene Brown, St. Peters¬
burg ; Executive Board, Moshe Shapiro, Miami,
Lynn Cooper, Daytona Beach, Roberta Gins-
burg, Lakeland, Marilyn Dingfelder, Orlando,
Sonny Goldstein, Columbus. Five additional
members at large were to be selected by the
Executive Committee. Mrs. Leo Moskovitz was
consultant to the Nominating Committee.
Regional Administration
Carefully considered plans for the organiza¬
tion of individual U.S.Y. chapters in communi¬
ties were placed for consideration of the Body
by the Chairman of the Organization Commit¬
tee, Paul Weiss. Significant among these was
cooperation in programming. Mr. Philip Selber
was consultant to the Organization Commit¬
tee.
Resolutions on matters pertaining to the pur¬
pose and function of U.S.Y. became the unani¬
mous decision of the body as reported on by
Arnold Tenenbaum. Miss Rosalyn Abramovitz
of Tampa was consultant to this committee.
Seminars
The heart of the Conference was the four
Seminars conducted on the following subjects:
“A Program for U.S.Y., Leaders, Philip Selber,
Jacksonville, Abe Tenenbaum, Savannah ;
“Need for Synagogue Youth Leagues, Leaders,
Mrs. Henry Wernick, Tampa, Mr. Ted Gross,
Jacksonville, “Jewish Youth on the American
Scene”, Leaders, Mr. Jerome Gordon, Miami,
Dr. Ben Glasser, Orlando, “What We Mean by
Conservative Judaism,” Leaders, Mrs. Sanders
A. Tofield, Jacksonville, Mr. Paul Freedman,
National U.S.Y. President. Delegates continued
discussing the subject matter of the study ses¬
sions for the remainder of the Conference.
Social Events
Along with educational sessions and worship
hours, visitors and Jacksonville youth enjoyed
fellowship at the Oneg Shabbat held on Friday,
March 28th, Saturday, March 29th, the out¬
standing banquet and dance held on Saturday
night and the Minyan Club Breakfast, Sunday,
March 30th. Mr. and Mrs. David Harris contri¬
buted substantially by joining as hosts in honor
of their son’s Bar Mitzvah. The Dating Com¬
mittee, assisted by Mrs. Sanders A. Tofield,
Mrs. Leo Moskovitz and Mrs. Esther Rosen¬
berg, received a vote of thanks.
Athletics
In the girl’s Ping-Pong Tournament, Judy
Barnett of Savannah defeated Elaine Simovitz
of Tampa, 21-13, 21-15. In the boy’s division,
Paul Newman of Jacksonville defeated Sidney
Setzer of Jacksonville, 21-16, 21-19.
In the girl’s Volley Ball tournament, the
Jacksonville team defeated a combined team of
Tampa and St. Petersburg, 15-10. The local
team was composed of Harriett Witten, Judy
Barnett, Carol Wolfson, Pat Yales, Maxine
Horwitz, Linda Lovitz, Jean Portnoy, Elka
Miriam Block and Lois Sachs. Jacksonville’s
boy’s Volley Ball team defeated Miami 9-11,11-
2, 11-2. The local team was composed of Harry
Katz, Bernie Fraden, Charles Levy, Ray Blas-
enstein, Byron Selber and David Baker.
The universal satisfaction evidenced with
this Conference, speaks well for the future of
U.S.Y. in the entire region.
(23)
