SCHECHTER AWARD PRESENTATION
(from Jacksonville Journal, Tuesday, May 20, 1952)
The Jacksonville Jewish Center today holds
a national award “for outstanding achieve¬
ment in youth work” during 1951-52.
Harry Gendzier, delegate to the United Syna¬
gogue of America Convention in Boston on
May 17th, received the citation on behalf of the
congregation at the convention. He presented
it to the Center at a banquet meeting held on
May 19th in the new activities building and
youth center, Third and Silver Streets.
The award is called the “Solomon Schechter
Award,” after the eminent Jewish scholar, who
founded the United Synagogue of America. It
was accepted by Philip Bork, president of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Guests who took part in the ceremonies were
Miss Bonnie Beth Wimpy, executive secretary
of the Girl Scout Council ; Miss Nelle Ansley,
Y.W.C.A. director; Odis B. Hinnant, Y.M.C.A.
executive secretary; the Rev. Claude M.
Haynes, president of the Jacksonville Minis¬
terial Alliance; Comd. M. C. Kuolt, senior Chap¬
lain of NATTC; Horace S. Williamson, Chief
Scout executive of the North Florida Council;
the Rev. Ralph Huston, pastor of Woodstock
Park Methodist Church; Arman Reinke, chair¬
man of the Mohawk Boy Scout District; Leon¬
ard Moss, president of the Jewish Community
Council, and Rabbi Sidney M. Lefkowitz, of
Congregation Ahaveth Chesed.
Judge Walter S. Criswell, of Juvenile Court,
sent congratulations to the Center.
Rabbi Sanders A. Tofield spoke on “The
Place of Youth in the Spiritual Crisis,” and
told the audience:
“We are engaged in a common adventure,
(CONTINUED
Maxwell Abbell, President of the United Synagogue of
American, making the presentation of the Solomon Sche¬
chter Award to Harry Gendzier, of the Jacksonville Jew¬
ish Center, at National Convention in Boston.
whether the endeavor be Christian, Jewish, in¬
ter-denominational o r non - denominational.
Whether it be called character building or spiri¬
tual guidance the ultimate aim is to render
more meaningful the span of years that form
the gateway to maturity.”
Joseph Mizrahi, chairman of the Center’s
youth committee, introduced leaders of the
Center Youth Department.
Sam Siegel, chairman of Center Friends of
the Seminary, served as toastmaster.
Sisterhood president, Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi
brought greetings and the Center Choral So¬
ciety directed by Cantor Abraham Marton ren¬
dered appropriate selections.
ON PAGE 33)
(31)
