MRS. BERNIE DAVIS
MRS. A. SAFER
MRS. DAVID ARMEE
MRS. MAX BROWN
HADASSAH
OFFICERS
Chapter President MRS. HERBERT PANKEN
Vice President MRS. BERNIE DAVIS
Vice President MRS. A. SAFER
Vice President MRS. DAVID ARMED
Vice President MRS. MAX BROWN
Treasurer MRS. NORMAN RICHARDS
Organization Secretary MRS. HERBERT SANDDER
Recording Secretary MRS. DARRY JABIN
Corresponding Secretary MRS. S. A. SADENFRIEND
Hadassah works toward the further de¬
velopment of Israel, strengthens the Jewish
community of America and participates in
efforts to extend democracy in the United
States and to effect world peace.
In Israel, Hadassah establishes and main¬
tains seven (7) hospitals, 48 clinics, and pub¬
lic health services. Hadassah youth services
include infant care, school hygiene, mental
hygiene, school lunches for 150,000 children,
recreation program and vocational education.
As the official American representative of
Youth Aliyah, Hadassah has helped rescue,
maintain and educate nearly 60,000 children.
Hadassah works with the Jewish National
Fund in purchasing and reclaiming land for
colonization.
In May, 1952, the first class of 62 Doctors
was graduated from our Medical School. In
June, ground was broken for the new $20,-
000,000 Medical Center in Jerusalem.
In America, Hadassah members participate
in local and national affairs and keep abreast
of the best in progressive thought and action.
Through its youth work children are taught to
live a positive Jewish and American life.
In Jacksonville, our more than 700 members
are active in all phases of civic and com¬
munity life.
This year, due to the size of our Organ¬
ization, we have divided into three day groups,
and, of course, will continue to have our dyn¬
amic Hannah Senesch evening group. These
four groups will constitute Hadassah Chap¬
ter No. 219. The change is being made to
facilitate our work, to interest more women
in participating in our activities. To bring
a warmer, more personal touch to our meet¬
ings and to give us greater room for growth.
The groups are considered geographically.
Meetings are held in the afternoon of the
second Tuesday of each month. The evening
group meets every second Monday of the
month, 8:30 P. M.
Haim Yassky, Group No. 1:
President Mrs. Bernie Davis
Vice President Mrs. Joel Fleet
Treasurer Mrs. Wm. Silverman
Financial Secretary Mrs. Phil Sher
Recording Secretary . Mrs. Harry Nestler
Corresponding
Secretary Mrs. Vivian Yaffee
(a) Downtown area to Union Street,
(b) Southside section, from bridges between
river and Hendricks Avenue, continuing
down San Jose Blvd.
(c) Riverside, beyond King St., between Park
Street and river (includes part of Avon¬
dale and Ortega.)
MRS. HERBERT PANKEN
Henrietta Szold, Group No. 2,
President Mrs. A. Safer
Vice President... ...Mrs, I. T. Edwards
Treasurer Mrs. Daniel Dubbin
Financial
Secretary ....Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Recording Secretary .Mrs. Chas. Feinstein
Corresponding
Secretary ..Mrs. Melvin Haimowitz
(a) Springfield: Beyond Union, east of
Main,
(b) Southside: From bridge between Hen-
dricks-San Jose and Phillips Highway,
except Dakewood.
(c) Riverside: From viaducts to King St.
Lucy Rubin, Group No. 3,
President Mrs. David Armel
Vice President Mrs. Wm. Goldman
Treasurer Mrs. Seymour Morse
Financial Secretary ..Mrs. Chas. Fink
Recording Secretary....Mrs. Stanley Director
Corresponding
Secretary.. Mrs. Irwin Gendzier
(a) Springfield: Beyond Union, west of
Main,
(b) Southside: East of Phillips Highway and
Beaches (includes South Shores, St.
Nicholas, Mayfair, etc.) plus Lakewood.
(c) Riverside: Beyond King Street, north of
Park Street (includes Murray Hill and
Lake Shore).
Hannah Senesch, Group No. 4,
President Mrs. Max Brown
Vice President.. Miss Eleanor Cohen
Treasurer Mrs. Harry Brownstein
Recording Secretary Mrs. Irvin Kowitz
Corresponding
Secrtary Miss Lottie Salzman
The Hannah Senesch Evening group of
Hadassah was formed in November, 1950
being the outgrowth of the B. & P. W. divi¬
sion, and also of a small group of women who
were desirious of meeting at night instead
of in the daytime. Appealing to the working
woman, the busy housewife and young moth¬
ers, this group grew to a membership of 81
by June, 1952.
(117)
