ATHLETICS (continued)
was completed with the Ravens being declared the winner.
These teams were composed of boys between 13 and 15 years
of age.
The Varsity Basketball team enjoyed a very successful
season winning 13 games and losing 6. The highlight of the
season was the series with the Savannah Alliance. The
Center quintet opened with a decisive victory over the Alliance
team. This was the first game ever to be played in the Cen¬
ter’s beautiful Gymnasium. Our trip to Savannah was net
so successful as the J C’s were defeated, but the J C’s were
successful in the ‘‘rubber game” thereby winning the series
for the first time in many years. The Varsity team was made
up of the following: Lenny Helman, Frank Helman, Ernie
Leb, Hibbie Margol, Howard Margol, Larry Jaben, Aaron
Perlman, Morty Rosenkranz, Sam Silver, David Singer, Ber¬
nard Sachs, and A1 Stein.
The Junior Varsity Basketball team, which is the ex¬
perimental stage for the Varsity team, participated in the
Springfield Church League of the Recreation Department.
The J V’s played a schedule of 18 games, emerging in third
place in league competition. The team was made up of the
following: Joe Abisch, Harry Katz, Solly Safer, Charles
Levy, Neil Chonin, Morris Mirkis, Buddy Shorstein, Bernie
Fraden, and Raymond Blasenstein. The team was coached
by Frank Helman.
The Center Adult Volley Ball League operated a full
schedule with the following teams: Center Mens Club, Odd
Fellows, Young Peoples League, and the Couples Club. The
Young People’s team was the winner in this division.
The Center Softball League, which is one of the oldest
activities of athletic competition, operated under a split
schedule with the following teams: AZA Club, Pi Lams,
Esquire Club and Center Mens Club. The Esquire Club de¬
feated the AZA Club for the championship.
The Jewish Center Softball team which is a member of
the Springfield Church League of the Recreation Department
is enjoying a very successful season and is in first place.
The J C team is made up of the following: Ernie Leb, Solly
Safer, Frank Helamn, A1 Levy, Marvin Kay, Joe Abisch,
Nathan Wolf son, Nathan Krestul, Ernie Markowitz, Bernard
Sachs, Ira Sachs, Lenny Helman, Irvin Leider, and Sid Cohen.
Basketball Team
Left to Right: Coach Sid Cohen, Frank Helman, Sam Silver, Bernard Sachs, Ernie Leo, Morty Rosenkranz, Aaron Perlman, Larry Jaben, Lenny Helman,
David Singer.
(51)
