YEAR BOOK STAFF
MRS. HYMAN SELBER
CENTER COMMITTEE
Hyman Selber, Chairman
Miss Miriam Spitz, Editor
SISTERHOOD COMMITTEE
Mrs. Hyman Selber, Chairman
Mrs. Joseph Krestul, Co-Chairman
Mrs. Isadore Zaslow, Co-Chairman
Mrs. Joe Becker Mrs. Harry Cranman
Mrs. Henry Bettman Mrs. I. H. Edwards
Mrs. Jacob Bloom Mrs. Charles Fink
HYMAN SELBER
Mrs. Sam Bryan
Mrs. Esther Fishier
Mrs. Ben
Mrs. Harry Gendzier
Mrs. Joseph Hackel
Mrs. Pete Haimowitz
Miss Ethel Joel
Mrs. Henry Kramer
Chepenik Mrs.
Mrs. Oscar Magazis
Mrs. Morris Margol
Mrs. Leo Michelson
Mrs. Joseph Mizrahi
Mrs. Norman Moss
Mrs. Rae Price
Sam Fletcher
Mrs. Philip Selber
Mrs. Ben Setzer
Mrs. Norman Slaff
Mrs. Rose Sloat
Mrs. Abe Weiss
We present this year’s edition of the Year Book with pride
and a feeling of indebtedness. Pride we take in the splendid
volume that portrays the progress made possible by our new
Activities Building especially in the field of youth activities.
Because of this our book is sub-titled “Youth Work Edition.”
The reader will find ample material to substantiate the desig¬
nation.
Our profound thanks go to the Chairman, Hyman Selber,
through whose devotion to the Center and to its youth pro¬
gram the great task of making the book a financial success
was achieved, despite many hardships. He was assisted by his
dear wife Bertha, (Mrs. Hyman) Selber, and her two Co-
Chairmen of the Sisterhood’s Committee, Mrs. Joseph Krestul
and Mrs. Isadore Zaslow. The Center and its Sisterhood do
not have enough words of appreciation for them and the other
members of the Committee listed above. May their reward
come from the Almighty in personal welfare, happiness and
good health.
With regret we note the inclusion on the list of “In Mem-
oriam” the name of Lucy Rubin who was indefatigible in her
efforts on behalf of the Center Year Book in its early publi¬
cations. She was among those who made the Year Book a per¬
manent feature, serving to record achievements of the organi¬
zation and to provide necessary funds for the youth program
of the congregation. May her memory be a blessing.
To the advertisers we again express our thanks for pat¬
ronizing the pages of the Year Book as their token of good
will. In return we ask our members and friends to reciprocate
with their good will.
This volume includes all the features that have made the
Center Year Book an indispensible reference volume to mem¬
bers of the congregation. Your comment on how to improve
and render the Book more servicable will be appreciated. In
as much as copies are being sent to members of the Center in
the Armed Services we add here our wish for a safe return
home and a request to be notified should the volume fail to
reach anyone within a month.
May we ask you to cooperate with Miss Ethel Joel, who
has again taken charge of the New Year’s Greetings section.
Please send remittances to her at 2772 Post Street or in care
of the Center office.
A Happy New Year To All!
Because of interest shown by Year Book Advertisers, the center is contemplating the expansion of its weekly bulletin so as
to provide a limited amount of advertising space. This bulletin which has a weekly circulation of 1,000 mailed copies will
provide an excellent medium of timely advertising. For rate.s and arrangements contact the center office.
(7)
