YOUTH CENTER DEDICATION BANQUET
Before a gathering of 350 Center members,
and the youth of the congregation, the second
story of the Activities Building, known as the
“Youth Center” was dedicated on Sunday,
April 20th. The prevailing spirit was of wor¬
shipful thanksgiving for the completion of the
structure that will make possible the finest
youth program in this part of the country. At
the same time there was a solemn resolve to
achieve the expansion program launched sever¬
al years ago, that will culminate with the re¬
modeling of the synagogue building.
Rabbi Morris B. Chapman of Congregation
B’nai Israel St. Petersburg, delivered the ad¬
dress, “Give Youth A Chance.” The event was
sponsored by the Building Fund Committee and
reservations were by subscription towards a
$12,000.00 fund for the completion of the con¬
tract.
Prior to the dinner, served in the beautiful¬
ly decorated auditorium, from 6 to 7 o’clock,
a reception was held in the library and lounge.
Mr. and Mrs. Burton Grossman took charge.
Arrangements of the evening were in the hands
of a committee headed by Joseph Hackel and
the following ladies took care of the table dec¬
orations: Mesdames Lou Feigenbaum, Henry
Kramer, Joe Krestul, Hyman Selber and Louis
Slott.
Harry Gendzier chairman of the Building
Fund Committee acted as toastmaster and pre¬
sented Center president, Philip Bork and Sis¬
terhood president, Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi, who
made formal presentations of the Youth Center
and its furnishings to representatives of the
Center sponsored youth organizations. Ac¬
knowledgments were offered by Charles Palot
president of C.Y.L.-U.S.Y.; Miss Horty Thier,
Y.P.L. president; Charles Levy, president of
Southeast Region, U.S.Y., and Larry Siegel
president elect of C.Y.L.-U.S.Y.
The inaugurations and opening of the Youth
Center followed. Rabbi Tofield called on C.Y.L.
representatives, Dorothy Newman, Ina Jean
Yoffee, Carol Kantor, Sidney Setzer, Bryna
Lee Datz and Byron Selber to draw the rib¬
bons extending from the auditorium through
the opening to the second floor. In the apprecia¬
tions to the congregation and to the Sisterhood,
the services of the committee responsible for
equipping the Youth Center was gratefully ac¬
knowledged. It consisted of Mesdames, Maurice
Palot, Herman Klausner and Henry Kramer.
After a vocal solo by Cantor Abraham Mar-
ton, with Mrs. Harry Brownstein at the piano,
the audience heard a description of the propos¬
ed renovations for the synagogue building and
school rooms given by Philip Selber, chairman
of the Architects Committee. Considerable en¬
thusiasm was displayed by the dinner guests
for the numerous projected improvements and
beautification of the sanctuary.
Seated at the head table in addition to those
participating in the program were Center of¬
ficers and their wives: Mr. and Mrs. Robert J.
Gordon, Mr. and Mrs. Burton Grossman, Mr.
and Mrs. Joe Hackel, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Miz¬
rahi and Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Newman.
HARRY E. JAMES INC.
INSURANCE
"Our Name Has Meant Protection for Over 50 Years"
502 HOGAN ST. PHONE S-68G6
MAIN QUICK LUNCH
541 W. BAY PHONE 4-4914
SEASON'S GREETINGS
FRED E. BIGGS
PLUMBER
2551 EDISON AVE. PHONE 7-6404
MAY'S REXALL DRUGS INC.
602 W. Adams St. Phone 4-4256
McPherson drug go.
1751 Main St.
Phone 4-8181
Arthur Goldstein, Owner
WE DELIVER
(27)
