RIVER GARDEN
HEBREW HOME
FOR THE AGED
2508 RIVERSIDE AVE. PHONE 2-3665
OFFICERS
Honorary President
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
Treasurer
Recording: Secretary
Chairman, Admissions Board
Medical Director
Executive Director
IRA STEIN
HARRY GENDZIER
ROBERT J. GORDON
RAEPH MIZRAHI
JOE BECKER
IRVING KLEPPER
DR. SAM WITTEN
DR. SIDNEY STIEEMAN
SIDNEY ENTMAN
HARRY GENDZIER
SIDNEY ENTMAN
Since 1946, when River Garden opened its doors to de¬
monstrate whether or not a Jewish Home for the Aged was
needed in the State of Florida, each succeeding year has
shown an increase in the resident population and a growing
waiting list.
Today the demands for the services of the Home have
increased to a point where the present 43 available beds are
not sufficient to give immediate occupancy to persons making
application for entrance.
The trend during the past year also indicated a greater
demand for our infirmary facilities, where our 14 bed capa¬
city are for the aged who show marked physical, emotional,
and mental deterioration.
Idle minds and idle hands, among our well aged group,
have indicated the need for servies beyond that of routine
care. Elderly people like any other group, must have recrea¬
tional and leisure time activities. During the past year we
inaugurated such activities as monthly forum series, instruc¬
tion in ballroom and square dancing, and shuffleboard games.
We have also continued with our Hobby Shop program, the
publication of the resident’s quarterly newspaper, and the
showing of motion pictures.
Our auxiliary, the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society,
ever mindful of our needs, not only helped us to pay off the
existing mortgage, but constructed a Summer pavilion at
the riverfront where the residents could enjoy the scenic
beauty and cool breezes.
The Home’s future plans are to extend its services to
the aged Jewish people of our community who reside in
their own homes. It is believed that many of these elderly
people are isolated from their own age group, and lack the
opportunity to participate in organized activities. If brought
together with others, they could enjoy an active social life
and their days would be more meaningful. This day care
program for elderly people is in the planning stage, and we
hope to inaugurate the . program shortly.
We anticipate the fact that more and more of the aged,
particularly in the infirm, chronically ill, and mentally dis¬
turbed groups, will need our services. In order to meet these
anticipated needs, we must look forward to and plan
for a modern infirmary in order that we can truly say, "we
take care of ALL our own.”
In planning to meet the challenges of future goals,
River Garden will continue, as in the past, to provide the
finest care and the highest standards of medical and recrea¬
tional services to the aged of this community.
(114)
RIVER GARDEN HEBREW HOME FOR THE AGED
