Presidents
Message
PHILIP BORK
11 NTO the ages past another year is cast! For the
Jacksonville Jewish Center it has been a year of
rededication of our Youth—and increasing spiritual
values for our entire membership. With the dedica¬
tion of the second floor Youth Activities Building the
character and scope of activities of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center has become completely rounded. To¬
day we are not only a basic religious institution; we
are building character, body and mind. Our program
includes culture, sociability, recreation and athletics.
During the past years, slowly but surely our hopes
have taken form. Our dreams of yesterday are near¬
ly realized. There is only one step left toward the
completion of our expansion program—the remodel¬
ing, air-conditioning and beautification of our Syn¬
agogue and classrooms. When completed we shall
have one of the outstanding Synagogue Centers in
America. But no matter how beautiful an edifice,
unless it has a good foundation of positive achieve¬
ment it can crumble to dust.
Neither the old-fashioned Cheder nor Sunday
Religious School once a week, can develop boys and
girls who will have the proper background and un¬
derstanding of their Jewish heritage to be well in¬
tegrated into the American scene.
My primary objective during my administration
was to balance the current fiscal budget. The task
is not too difficult. All that is required is that the
membership pay a fair share in dues to meet their
responsibility. Over ninety percent of the members
so far contacted have increased their dues. Increas¬
ed dues plus new membership is our solution. Our
expenditures, in view of services rendered, are below
Synagogue-Center average.
At this time I wish to give thanks to those officers
and members of the Board who gave willingly, not
only of their money but their services, counsel and
energies. We can be proud of our lay leadership.
My appreciation also for the loyalty and cooperation
of our membership.
Personally, I am very grateful for the guidance
and vision given the Jewish Center and myself by
our worthy Rabbi Sanders A. Tofield in helping us
reach this stage in the realization of many of the
Center’s aspirations. May I also express my appre¬
ciation to Cantor Abraham Marton for his fine work
and to the Center’s loyal and faithful staff?
A closing thought — the Synagogue is the major
organization in Jewish communal life and should
be the core of Jewish life in America. Conservative
Judaism, American in origin, offers positive values
and is the potent force based on the ethics and ideals
of our Torah. So let us resolve to increase our labors
in the vineyards of our faith. To all I extend my sin-
cerest and warmest greetings for the New Year.
May it bring peace, health and happiness.
(11)
