CANTOR AND CHOIR
CANTOR ABRAHAM MAKTON
of Jewish music in his community. I have traveled ex¬
tensively giving concerts of Jewish music in many
congregations and centers throughout the country.
Rarely have I found a choral group which was as well
trained as the one in Jacksonville.”
“This choral group consists of thirty young men
and women from the Jacksonville Jewish Center, most
of whom had little, if any vocal or musical training.
They were organized, trained, and conducted by Can¬
tor Marton. They sing four-part harmony and do so
equally as well as many professional choruses that I
have heard. Cantor Marton’s musical activities in his
community ought to be emulated by many of our col¬
leagues. The proceeds of these annual concerts are
donated each year to the Seminary College of Jewish
Music and Cantors Institute.”
The Jewish Center Choral Society climaxed a year
of musical activity with its annual concert held March
3rd, featuring Cantor David J. Putterman of the Park
Avenue Synagogue of New York City as guest soloist.
The group also appeared in a radio concert on March
9th, in addition to taking a prominent part in many
of the congregational programs and events. The group
is under the direction of Cantor Abraham Marton, its
organizer.
Following his appearance in Jacksonville with the
Choral Society, Cantor Putterman made this comment
in his report to the Cantors’ Assembly:
“I want to take this opportunity to express publicly
my personal admiration of Cantor Abraham Marton
for his magnificent contributions to the enrichment
The group presents a varied repertoire of liturgical
and Jewish folk music. The work of this group has
contributed in large measure to the meaningful and
inspirational development of Conservative Judaism
in Jacksonville. From the larger group of the Choral
Society are selected the volunteer choir for Friday
evening services and the augmented choir for High
Holiday services.
In addition to his work as director of the Choral So¬
ciety, Cantor Marton has directed the program of
training students of the Hebrew School department
in the traditional Hazanut chants. Many of these stu¬
dents have not only mastered an ability to lead all
Sabbath services, including the Kabbalat Shabbat,
Shaharis and Musaf services, but they have also learn¬
ed many of the special chants pertaining to the holi¬
days.
CENTER CHORA!. SOCIETY AND CHOIR
(45)
