FRIENDS OF THE SEMINARY
THE SEMINARY'S ROLE
IN THE AMERICAN JEWISH COMMUNITY
The Seminary’s diversified program directly affects the
American Jewish Community, as well as millions of all faiths
throughout the globe,
. . . More than 2,000 students are being trained for the rabbi¬
nate, the teaching profession and careers in Jewish leader¬
ship at the Seminary and its West Coast branch.
, . . Nearly 500 Seminary-trained rabbis are providing spiritual
leadership in congregations throughout North America, and
to Jews in the Armed Forces.
. . . Millions of all faiths listen each week to The Eternal Light,
prize-winning radio series, and to the "Frontiers of Faith”
TV shows, which have won critical and public acclaim.
. . . The Library of the Seminary, the world’s largest collec¬
tion of Judaica and Hebraica, is a research center for scholars
of all creeds.
Rabbi Joel S. Geffen (center), Director, Department of Field
Activities and Community Service of the Seminary, and local
leaders examine one of the exhibits at the Miami branch of the
Seminary’s Jewish Museum.
. . . The priceless treasures of The Jewish Museum in New York
and its branches at the Miami Beach Jewish Center and Los
Angeles are seen annually by thousands of visitors.
. . . Nearly 1,000 religious leaders—Catholic, Protestant and
Jewish—gather for graduate study at The Institute for Re¬
ligious and Social Studies in New York, New England and
the Midwest in an effort to explore their different traditions
within the American democratic framework.
. . . Thousands of young people learn the mean¬
ing and practices of Judaism through the Lead¬
ers Training Fellowship and at the two Camps
Ramah.
. . . The Seminary Israel Institute strengthens the
spiritual and cultural bonds beteween the State
of Israel and America.
. . . The United Synagogue of America and The
Rabbinical Assembly of America provide planned
programs of religious activities for men, women
and children in congregations thoughout the
nation.
JACKSONVILLE'S PARTICIPATION
IN THE SEMINARY PROGRAM
The Jacksonville Jewish Center maintains strong ties with
the Jewish Theological Seminary of America.
Its Rabbi, Sanders A. Tofield, is a graduate of the Semi¬
nary’s Rabbinical School, and a member of its alumni or¬
ganization, The Rabbinical Assembly of America, serving on
its important Committee on Jewish Laws and Standards.
The Center is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Amer¬
ica and with all of its branches—The National Federation of
Jewish Men’s Clubs, The Women’s League, The Young People’s
Leagues, United Synagogue Youth.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center looks to the Seminary for
guidance and for inspiration. It is proud of the leading role
the Seminary has taken in advancing Jewish scholarship.
World-famous scholars, such as Dr. Louis Ginzberg, Dr. Alex¬
ander Marx, Dr. Saul Lieberman and Dr. Mordecai M. Kaplan,
Reading: Americans receive the Seminary’s honorary degree.
Shown here at the Seminary’s last Thanksgiving: Convocation
(left to right) are: Dr. James B. Oonant, President of Harvard
University; Arthur Hays Sulzberger, Publisher of The New
York Times; Dr. A. Whitney Griswold, President of Yale Uni¬
versity; Dr. Louis Finkelstein, Chancellor of the Seminary; and
Lewis L. Strauss, formerly a member of the U. S. Atomic
Energy Commission.
are members of the Seminary Faculty. The Seminary’s Chan¬
cellor, Dr. Louis Finkelstein, is internationally recognized, and
its Vice-Chancellors, Dr. Simon Greenberg and Dr. Max Arzt,
are distinguished among American Jewish leadership. The
Seminary itself, located at Broadway and 122nd Street in New
York City, is a cordial neighbor of such famous academic
centers as Columbia University, Union Theological Seminary,
the Julliard School of Music and International House.
Through the Friends of the Seminary annual
membership contributions the Center helps main¬
tain the ever increasing service that the Semin¬
ary and its coordinating bodies offer to Jewry
all over America.
In recent years the Friends of the Seminary
Dinner has become one of the distinguished
events on the Center’s calendar. Chairmen of
the project were Joe Hackel, Jacob Becker, Joe
Becker and Philip Bork, respectively. This year’s
Seminary Dinner will be remembered for its
historic connection with the Schechter Award
won by the Center for its Youth Work. The
chairman and toastmaster was Sam Siegel.
(47)
1952
SAM SIEGEL
