TEACH US TO NUMBER OUR DAYS —
A HIGH HOLIDAY THOUGHT
The hands on the clock of time turn inexorably. We are sometimes saddened when we realize that time
moves on, that the years are slipping by. Yet, these thoughts should not depress us.
The wisdom of living consists in making the most of what we are given. We cannot weave without
threads, but it is our skill with the threads with determines whether we shall fashion a beautiful tapestry or
labor without producing anything of worth or beauty.
God does not fashion life for us. He does not determine the shape of our dreams, or of our
accomplishments, but He gives us the threads... He has endowed our hands with energy, our minds with
power to reason, our hearts with the power to feel, and He has placed upon us the scene of nature
abounding in the raw materials with which we can build to our heart’s desire.
An artist who has spent his days fashioning a thing of beauty rejoices in his labor when it is done. He does
not fret that the days which have passed have made him older. Only empty days, futile days, wasted days
are a tragedy. Only the passing of days such as these are depressing.
How are we using the threads - the material of life which God has given us? On Rosh Hashanah we ask
this question. It is a disturbing question, because on its answer depends the sum of the meaning in our lives.
Wasted threads, badly used threads, show up in the final design. But when we weave with skill, and
fashion life into a pattern of harmony and goodness, then our existence becomes permeated with serenity
and peace. We can laugh though the days pass and the years go, for then we have given only time in
exchange for achievement.
During this season we oten recall the Psalmist’s prayer, “Teach us to number our days that we may get us
a heart of wisdom.” No -- it does not really mean to count only days. Anyone can do that. It is rather a prayer
to make the days count. That is the supreme wisdom of living.
EAST COAST FRUIT CO.
Walter Portnoy - Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
The above thoughts were presented by the Portnoys with the hope that it will nurture some reflection on
our most precious possession - the gift of life.
4
