Cub Scout Pack 14
Den 1, 2 & 3 worked and played weekly in many activities that helped them move thru the
levels of scouting . . . Besides achievments many friendships were developed and a feeling of
brotherhood was created when the groups got together.
The annual Pinewood Derby was a huge success. The competition was intense and everyone
followed the cub scout motto: “Do your best.” Inclement weather did not impede the fun at a
spring park meeting. The boys made their cane poles, used them to catch many fish, and
participated in a canoeing activity. Honors, advancements and promotions were awarded at the
traditional Blue & Gold Banquet. The atmosphere was created with decorations made by the
boys. The final acitivity - an overnight - was super fun for scouts and parents alike.
Many of the boys are looking forward to more exciting scouting adventures in 5743.
— Lorraine Jenkins
Den 3 (Weeblo): Sean Ussof,
Jeffrey Ghelerter, Michael Schultz,
Jonathan Goldberg and Den
Leader, Stephen Ghelerter.
Den 1: Michael Miller, Kyle Jenkins, Michael Flashen, Josh
Nathanson, David Bielski, Andy Alterman, Shane Steinfeld, Jay
Becker, Jay Weinstein and Den Mother Lorraine Jenkins.
Den 2: Jeffrey Myers, Aaron Kunsberg, David Schnipper, Alex
Greenbaum, Seth Rothstein and Den Mother Linda Kunsberg.
Boy Scout Troop 14
Boy Scout Troop 14 sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center enjoyed an active
year in 1981-82. The troop program included outdoor camping and a variety of other
activities as varied as the interests of the troop members.
Troop 14 hosted its first Super Bowl of Scouting in 1982. The overnight camping
format for the Super Bowl included an array of competitive events in scouting skills and
games between our Troop 14 and Troop 12 of Temple Ahavath Chesed. A sampling of
the events included an evening “brain brawl-, soccer shootout, knot-tying rescue relay,
and a blindfolded compass course.
The Center troop played host to the Jacksonville Tea Men who performed a soccer
mini clinic for the scouts. The Tea Men, Dennis Witt, George Berrios and Ringo Cantillo,
thrilled the Scouts with trick shots and demonstrations of soccer skills with the Scouts
actively participating.
Troop 14 earned money for the purchase of badly needed bullet-proof vests for the
Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office.
Troop 14 earned one of five blue ribbons awarded at the first annual River Bend
District Camporee at Camp Baden Powell. Scouts combined the enlightening and
beautiful St. Augustine Historic Trail Hike with first aid classes on the beach of Anastasia
Island. Troop 14 also attended Scout World at the Jacksonville Naval Air Station where the boys enjoyed camping, scouting exhibitions, hot
air balloon liftoffs, swimming and fun along with baseball great, Ted Williams. Scout Andy Morrison led the troop in the sale of Scout World
tickets.
Scouts Sean Usoff and Jeff Ghelerter enjoyed a week at scout summer camp increasing their scouting and leadership skills. The annual Blue
and Gold Banquet was highlighted by skits presented by the troop members that received a PG rating from the delighted audience. Members
of Troop 14 participated admirably leading services for another memorable Scout Sabbath.
Congratulations go to Assistant Scoutmaster, Bill Wilensky, for successfully completing the first phase of the advanced Wood Badge
Leadership Training Course.
An even better year for Troop 14 is expected in 1982-83 with the leadership of new troop committee chairman, Steven Ghelerter. Boy Scout
Troop 14 is for all boys ages 11 through 17. Boys interested in joining Troop 14 should call the Center office.
Scoutmaster: Randy Silverberg, Asst. Scoutmaster: Billy Wilensky - Todd Berman, Steven Broward, Steve Chamblin, Jeffrey Ghelerter, Brad Giddens, John
Ingwersen, David Kagan, David Klein, Matt Kulchin, David Lazarus, Kevin McShea, Robert Moore, Andy Morrison, Roy Pomeranz, Scott Sanders, Roy Smith,
Jr. Roy Sucholeiki and Sean Usoff.
203
