Officers
Mr. and Mrs. Club
President Larry & Shirley Weiler
Vice President Ben & Mildred Edwards
Recording Secretary Alan & Floranne Kerr
Corresponding Secretary Mike & Gillis Arab
Treasurer Morris Schemer
Ex Officio Harry & Rose Tuckman
Board Members: Shirley & Sam Dobkin, Lolly and
Harold Fink, Lil and A1 Berner, Delia and Edward
Dolinsky, Rose and Carl Goldberg.
The Mr. & Mrs. Club. Formed in 1953 as an affiliate of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Meets on the third Saturday of each month for an evening of dancing to
a live band, dinner and entertainment. Ends the year with a New Years Eve
Gala providing professional entertainment.
B’nai
B’rith
ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE #800
6161 Phillips Highway • Jacksonville, Florida 32216 U.S.A.
(904)731-3406
Officers for the 1982-83 year are as follows:
President Stuart 1. Hecht
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
... Robert Armel
Edward Silverman
... Richard Miller
... Sydney Weiss
. JonSchlackman
Treasurer
Milton Hecht
Executive Secretary Donald Sampson
Recording Secretary Charles Berman
Israel Kaplan Lodge #800 B’NAI B’RITH is an active organization in the Jewish
Community of Jacksonville. The lodge meets monthly with general meetings and
has dinners several times a year. Lodge membership is at the 275 mark for this
year. Various projects are held during the year to raise funds for B’NAI B’RITH
youth services. Hillel Foundations at the various state universities are supported
by B’NAI B’RITH as well as local A.Z.A. Chapters and B.B.G. Chapters. The local
lodge under the direction of Milton Hecht raised funds during the year 1979 and
purchased a torah for the Hillel Foundation at Florida State University in
Tallahassee. Every December lodge members gather to ring the bell for the
Salvation Army in downtown Jacksonville. Any member of the Jewish Community
interested in joining B’NAI B’RITH should contact the lodge president, Stuart
Hecht at 731-3406 for further information.
Stuart I. Hecht
PRESIDENT
251
