Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
Chairman - Minnie Schreiber
Tofield Collection
Co-Chairmen: Diane Fages and May Goldie Stillman
Belle Gendzier
Solomon Schechter Day School Library
Co-Chairmen of Mothers: Lauren Rothstein
Sharon Witten
Carol Schneider
Marlene Bossen
Ginger Proctor
Library Cart
Co-Chairman: Lillian Meizlik
Rita Gendzier Judaica Collection
Co-Chairmen: Tobi Meisel
Florence Schreiber The Solomon Schechter Library plays an important role in the Day School
Hermine Newman program.
Treasurer: Roselyn Selber
Our attractive library has been beautifully decorated. It has made tremendous
progress since its modest beginning in 1955, and has been responsible for many
programs.
The Library Sisterhood Shabbat sponsored a library program with a book review by
Rose Entman. Tobi Meisel told about magazines and periodicals available for
information as well as pleasurable reading. The Library Cart was present on this
occasion for checking out books and periodicals.
The Library Cart is available every fourth Saturday of the month after services.
This encourages Center members to enjoy reading books and periodicals.
The volunteers from the Solomon Schechter PTA kept the Solomon Schechter Day
School Library open two days a week during the school term until we obtained the ser¬
vices of a splendid librarian Mrs. Camille Kenny who taught library skills to the stu¬
dents. The Solomon Schechter Day School Library resources have grown. This plays
an important role in the Day School program.
The Tofield Collection has grown. Many fine volumes of talmudic literature,
volumes on Jewish life, Zionism, humor and fiction have been added to the collection.
Recently the Library received a donation of twenty tapes dealing with a variety of
subjects pertaining to Jewish life and community. These tapes are available for
discussion groups, classes and meeting programs.
The Rita Gendzier Judaica Collection is studying additions for this meaningful
display.
Library committee volunteers devote many service hours necessary for the
administration of this important facility. The Library is grateful for the generous The Rita Gendzier Judaica Collection - adds
support of the Center Membership. The many member contributions are used to a beautiful touch to our Library,
purchase new books and library supplies.
DIT’S ICE CREAM & SANDWICH SHOPPE
1514 University Blvd. W. / Jacksonville, FL 32217
Ice Cream Cakes for all occasions (1 day notice)
Have your Birthday Party at Dit's - call for details
Telephone (904) 733-7220
51
Flavors of
Ice Cream
(Formerly Dipper Dan’s)
Now Serving
Chili
Coffee
Sandwiches
ARCADE
MEN’S SHOP
YOUR APPEARANCE IS OUR BUSINESS
2012 San Marco Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
398-8830
55
