Mount Carmel Gardens
Officers - 1982-83
President Mary Foor
1st Vice President Buddy Woods
2nd Vice President Eunice Safer
Treasurer Israel Schemer
Recording Secretary Dorothy Levine
Corresponding Secretary Pauline Schemer
Almost everyone in Jacksonville knows about Mt. Carmel and its importance as a Senior Citizen complex in our town.
Together with the Kosher Nutrition Site, located here, it has become well-known throughout our city, and is among the first
places where older folks apply when seeking a new home and an easier way of life.
It has been a busy year for all at Mount Carmel. Individually and collectively, we’ve been deeply involved with the many
projects offered, in educational courses, as well as volunteer work in our building and in our community. The improvements here
include a new roof; our lawn has been landscaped, beautifying the front of our building; cable television has been installed; and
many safety devices are now part of our daily living.
We have become well known, via television, newspaper and word-of-mouth, as very important for our social, entertaining, and
many other activities. Politically, our Mary Foor was “co-Mayor” for the city of Jacksonville for a day, as part of the Mayor’s
Older Buddies in Goverment Day - and rated a lovely article in the Times Union, including a picture with the Mayor. Mitzi
Shumer also spent the day, with Nancy Crabb, Council person for District 4, as MOB representative for Government Day, and
had a wonderful time meeting and mingling with all the dignitaries. At the Mayor’s May Day party, Fannie Kaufman was again
selected as “Queen of the May”, and was rewarded with her crown, a beautiful bouquet and a lovely plaque.
Our Mt. Carmel Entertainers and Mt. Carmel Singers are still performing whenever and wherever they are asked. They are
always called on whenever the Mayor has an affair for its Senior citizens, and for the third consecutive year have put on their
show at the Mayor’s Fish-a-Thon, before over a thousand people. They ahve been cited on the R.S.V.P. honor roll for
exceptionals -- and have received a certificate to that effect.
This year we celebrated our tenth anniversary, with a party to which the entire Jewish community was invited. This included
speeches by important personages, food, drink, and dancing to a live band. It was indeed a gala affair, and one which will be long
remembered.
We have in our building a large group of dedicated people, friendly and happy - enjoying their home here in Mount Carmel.
Officers and
Committee Chair Persons - 1982-83
Education
Telephone
Sunshine
Grounds
Bingo .
House Services
Bulletin Board
Fire & Safety
Trips
Music Fannie Kaufman Parliamentarian
News Letter and
Birthday Signs
Entertainment
Bea Yales
.. Ann Stegman
. Freída Proctor
... Elaine Gross
Helen Goldberg
Celia Falis
. Marion Rutsky
. Eugene Henry
.. Mitzi Shumer
. Esther Glasser
Pauline Schemer
Kate Bandrimer
—NOTICE—
TO THE ELDERLY
OR HANDICAPPED
If you are in a position where you can no longer
maintain your own home and need help — did
you know you can live with us for less than you
can pay someone to come in on a daily basis?
No more rent—utilities—food or worry—just
one flat rate.
We offer PERSONALIZED CARE, good food,
good beds, laundry and 24 hour supervision.
YOUR HOME AWAY FROM HOME all
for $20 a day or less
AUTUMN RETIREMENT CENTER
1103 BARRS ST.
384-7506
219
