Adult Education
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Adult Education program is designed
to offer the members of our community the opportunity to expand their
knowledge of our history, religion and culture. The program continues to
attract hundred of people from our community who want to engage in a
program of Jewish Study on a variety of levels. The Adult Education
courses include: Jewish philosophy, the Bible, Jewish synagogue and
home skills, Haftorah and Torah chanting, and a Bat Mitzvah program for
women.
The HEBREW LITERACY CAMPAIGN is based on the unique
feature of making classes available day, morning and evening.
Professional and skilled lay people instruct the classes in beginners and
intermediate Hebrew.
This year’s SCHOLAR-IN-RESIDENCE was Jerusalem Post
correspondent, Wolf Blitzer. The MINYANAIRE is an ongoing Sunday
morning program combining prayer, breakfast and a discussion and
lecture by local authorities on a vast range of topics.
HAVUROT of fellowships of groups, meet socially, within the intimacy
of individual homes for the purpose of study, discussion and celebration of
Jewish life. If you are interested, please contact Rabbi David Gaffney.
THE
Jy ADULT
STUDY
INSTITUTE
Sisterhood Bat Mitzvah Class
Minyanaire
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Minyanaire program is for men and women of all ages and lifestyles. Each program begins with
services which are held in the intimate atmosphere of the Witten Chapel. The Minyanaire program, which is usually held on
Sunday mornings, features speakers on a variety of subjects. A breakfast is served and is a pleasant change of pace from the
usual morning routine.
This year Evan Yegelwel was responsible for the excellent programs presented at the Minyanaire. He was ably assisted by
Barry Minkoff, Bill Goldberg and Marty Rosenberg.
Plans are being made for the coming year. Volunteers are needed so this program can continue. Please contact the Center
office if you would like to be a part of this vital and exciting program.
57
