Hadassah
Hadassah, the largest volunteer women’s organization, consists of a membership of 370,000, dedicated to medical research
and in aiding Israel’s immigrants to rehabilitate themselves. It is the second largest employer in Israel.
This year Hadassah celebrates it’s 70th anniversary, carrying out the work begun by its founder, Henrietta Szold. The
Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah, consists of three groups: Tikva, which meets during the day every second Tuesday of the
month, September through May; Hannah Senesch meets on the second Wednesday evening, and Shir-Li, our youngest group,
meets every first Monday evening.
The three groups each plan their own activities of fund-raising and education, co-operating with the other groups, so as to
reach the goals which National Hadassah sets for the Chapter.
The funds raised by these groups support the Hadassah Hebrew University Medical Center, Mt. Scopus Hospital, Hadassah
Medical organization, Youth Aliyah, Hadassah Israel Education Services, Jewish National Fund, Zionist Youth Activities and
Camps here in the United States, for youngsters desiring to live a Jewish experience, and to study in Israel during the summer
months.
Anyone interested in learning more about Hadassah is welcome to call one of the members listed. There is a group for
everyone, and we welcome your call.
On this New Year, we wish for you and yours, a year of health and Happiness. L’Shona Tov!
Jacksonville Chapter Board Officers
President: Bess Rothstein (731-2326)
Vice-Presidents: Program: Lillian Meizlik
Education: Teddy Moscovitz
Membership: Elsa Gottlieb
Fund-raising: Rhoda Kagan
Treasurer: Ann Mattes
Recording Secretary: Glorya Weintraub
Corresponding Secretary: Susan Rosenberg
Financial Secretary: Elaine Barnert
Hannah Senesch Group Officers
President: Floranne Kerr
Vice Presidents: Program: Lorraine Jenkins
Education: Rose Gordon
Membership: Diane Greenbaum
Eunice Safer
Esther Fishier
Funding-raising: Adele Levitan
Jean Weinberg
Secretaries: Financial: Diane Fages
Recording: Laurie Benwick
Corresponding: Mildred Shafner
Treasurer: Jay Aronson
Tikva Group Officers
President: Evelyn Moskovitz (733-3568)
Vice Presidents: Program: Rochelle Battock
Education: Grace Goldberg
Membership: Hannah Rosenberg
Fund-raising: Rhoda Kagan
Treasurer: Marilyn Safer
Recording Secretary: Freda Isenberg
Corresponding Secretary: Dodie Cohen
Financial Secretary: Edna Reich
Shir - Li Group Officers
Presidium: Program: Barbara Epstein (268-8887)
Fund-Raising: Ronnie Adsit
Linda Dacks
Education: Phyllis Goldberg
Membership: Tricia Bloom
Robin Morris
Treasurer: Meryl Sherris
Financial Secretary: Debbie Rauschwager
Corresponding Secretary and Bulletin: June Shenkman
Lori Kirsbaum
257
