ANO V
«W/mni
tBtT*
CONSUMED
is for
Camp Ramah
B Winter Office:
Camp Ramah In New England
1330 Beacon Street
Brookline, Massachusetts 02146
617 232-7400
Summer Office:
Palmer, Massachusetts 01069
413 283-9771
Why does a Conservative synagogue support and promote Camp Ramah?
Camp Ramah provides the opportunity to offer a total Jewish living experience for children and teenagers in the relaxed and
enjoyable atmosphere of a summer camp. Values built on shared experience and emotion reach our sons and daughters in a
manner impossible in a formal school program. Over the years, Ramah has helped instill a deeper commitment to Judaism in
many of its participants.
The Center believes that benefits accrue to the congregation, not just to the individual. We have therefore made monies
available to reduce the financial cost for qualified students regardless of need. These monies are not part of the regular Center
budget, but rather are raised by donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, through Sisterhood, and from other sources.
Two families have helped us greatly. The Gordon family has established a scholarship fund in memory of the beloved Robert J.
Gordon. A long list of deserving boys and girls have been able to go to Ramah because of this scholarship.
Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish educational purposes. With the full support of his
children, Iris and Franklin, who have never lost their interest in the Center, the proceeds of this trust have also been used to send
campers to Ramah.
It is our hope that the Camp Ramah experience will continue to be a valuable complement to a formal Jewish education.
The following attended Camp Ramah this summer:
Melissa Roey, Manya and David Lazarus, Reuben Bressler, Coleman Brodsky, Laurie and Beth Greenburg, Marcy Kesler,
Simeon Abramson, Dennis Mizrahi, Katrin Echt, Cheryl Bossen and Steven Shapiro.
Janet Jacobson attended the Ramah Israel Seminar.
U.S.Y. on Wheels is not just another tour of North
America. It is a total experience of intensive Jewish
living and educational and social programming within
the United Synagogue Youth. Classes in Judaica
directly related to the experiences of the trip are held
every day and are supplemented by special interest
seminars. The WHEELS itineraries visit the most
interesting, exciting, and diverse attractions and
natural sights on this continent. The plan has been
prepared in careful consultation with experienced
travel authorities including USYers and advisors who
have previously participated on WHEELS.
Any USY member between the ages of 14 and 18
who will have completed the 9th grade by June 1983,
may apply. Registration is given to those whose
organizational and educational background indicate
they will benefit most. All USYers are encouraged to
apply. Stephanie Gray was lucky enough to attend.
03X11
5620 San Jose Blvd. - Phone 731-1022
Lakewood Shopping Center
VIDEO GAMES» <nc.
