Message from the President
We are approaching the 80th anniversary of the founding of our
synagogue. The years ahead should be as exciting as those in the past.
The Center is moving forward to meet the rapidly changing conditions of
our lives.
I believe the members of the early years of the synagogue would be
amazed at our present day activities. We continue to follow a program of
traditional Judiaism, but still incorporate contemporary features. Every
Jewish festival and holiday, without exception, is fully observed. Few cities
with as small a Jewish population as Jacksonville continue to have a daily
minyan evening, morning and noon. It is fantastic to realize that
substantially over 100 different individuals each week participate
in daily service. Our Shabbat service regularly has a minimum of 200 in
attendance. We are truly an observant synagogue.
We also care for the future generation. Our day school is second to
none in this city, public or private. We have over 200 children from 2 years
old through the seventh grade and an excellent and well attended
afternoon Hebrew School, Sunday School and High School.
There is no segment of the membership that is not provided with Jewish related activities. Going through this Year Book best
illustrates membership participation in all of these functions.
We are truly a “Center” for Jewish living in Jacksonville. We are most proud of our volunteer workers as well as the
professional staff. Needless to say, without them there would be no Center.
The years ahead require more of our membership to partake of the religious services as well as the educational and social
programs. We must have this to be certain that our children and their children will have a Center. As of today our synagogue is in
a superb position to help meet the challenges of Jewish living. We must have your help.
L’ Shanah Tovah Tikatevv
Sol H. Proctor
your
downtown
bank
for...
• LOANS
• NOW ACCOUNTS
• JUMBO CERTIFICATES
OF DEPOSIT
• CHECKING ACCOUNTS
• SAVINGS
• AUTO LOANS
• SAFE DEPOSIT
404 Julia Street
Jacksonville, Florida
HOURS:
Lobby open Mon-Thurs 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Fridays 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Drive-in open Mon-Thurs
7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Fridays 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
William A. Robinowitz
Chairman of the
Marine
National
Bank..
MEMBER F.O.I.C.
JACKSONVILLE
21
