Carolyn Krestul
NATIONALBBPCOUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN
EDUCATION SOCIAL ACTION SERVICE
President Carolyn Krestul
Vice Presidents Dottie Shlafer
Beverly Horowitz
Lois Schlesinger
Joy Korman
Corresponding Secretary LoisChepenik
Recording Secretary Mary Zimmerman
Financial Secretary Marsha Pollock
Treasurer Beth Shorstein
The National Council of Jewish Women, the oldest women’s volunteer
organization in the United States, is dedicated, in the spirit of Judaism, to advancing
human welfare and the democratic way of life. Through a coordinated program of
education, service, advocacy and social action, NCJW works in the Jewish and
general communities, locally, nationally, and internationally.
NCJW’s priorities include issues concerning Women, Children and Youth, the Aging, Israel and Jewish Life.
The Jacksonville Section of the NCJW is currently involved in projects that include an annual Mental Health Forum, co-sponsored with the
MENTAL Health Association and JFC; Pre-school Vision Screening, and the Art Enrichment Program (“Picture Lady”) through which
volunteers are trained by the Jacksonville Art Museum to introduce art to students in both public and private schools.
With a grant allocated by the National office, the Jacksonville Section organized the CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate) program in
our community. This program trains volunteers to act as a “friend of the court” in the best interest of an abused or neglected child. This project
is currently funded by the State of Florida and, in accordange with Florida law, is called the Guardian Ad Litem program.
NCJW’s most recent effort, a Senior Citizen’s Day Camp program held a the Jacksonville Jewish Center and co-sponsored with the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, was enjoyed by many of our communities “Seniors.”
The Jacksonville Section is presently participating in a new national project, a survey of adolescent girls in the juvenile justice system.
The major thrust of NCJW’s activities in Israel has been in education and social welfare, in a number of projects to aid in the development of
Israel’s most precious resource, its children. The Research Institute for Innovation in Education is one of NCJW’s program sin Israel; Ship-a-
box, another.
NCJW seeks members within the Jewish community of all ages and interests. An EVENING BRANCH and a COUNCILETTES group for
Jacksonville’s teens are currently a part of NCJW’s plans for expansion.
We invite you to join us!
CUSTOMIZED NOVELTIES FOR YOUR BUSINESS GIVEAWAYS
. . . imprinted with your name . . .
Balloons — Mugs — Key Chains — Pens — Caps — Matches
—Also Specializing In—
Carnival, New Years, Tourist and Sales Promotional Supplies
‘z&avid Wla^o SaCeA, One.
3811 University Blvd. W. #7 • Jacksonville, Florida 32217 • (904) 733-3588 - 731-1963
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
253
