A Message From
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Director of
Education and Youth Director
We all want our children to have every opportunity
and advantage we may have missed. It’s a universal
human emotion, as old as Adam - the individual and
family-size version of the world wide human striving for
security and advancement - wanting our tomorrows to
be brighter than our yesterdays.
In planning to give your children all the economic,
social and educational advantages your means will allow
(and sometimes even beyond your means) are you
remembering that your children are Jewish?
What will this fact mean to your children - the fact that they are Jewish? Will it be a word to be
shouted at them in the streets? Will it be a burden, a source of conflict, confusion and
unhappiness? Will they be culturally orphaned, wandering about the fact of the earth rootless and
unrelated?
Or will their Jewishness be a source of strength and emotional security, giving your children
firm emotional roots in the wisdom, morality and beauty created by the Jewish people over a
span of three thousand years?
This advantage of having a foundation for their lives as American Jews - which you have missed
in your own life - is something you can provide your children by giving them a modern, effective
Jewish education, which will relate their spiritual and cultural heritage to the world of today. And
let’s remember that insecurity is no respect of age or sex. It starts with the very young, and it
affects boys and girls alike.
Here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, we are very fortunate to have a culmination of great
facilities and an aggressive program. Young and old alike can experience Judaism in a most posi¬
tive form. Here, learning can be meaningful through Shabbat experience, camping, socialization,
conventions, friendship and much more. We invite the entire congregation to partake in what
the Center has to offer.
You can help your children to develop their own inner strength and emotional security ... it is
in your hands.
Let me greet you and your family with “a Happy New Year.”
Rabbi Dov Kentof.
Dov loves kids and kids love Dov
Y
O
Ü
T
H
191
