Yammit
1. Through the reflections of the bus windows we
see the naked wasteland from which a city was
created.
- The Spirit
2. Apartment homes were built on beautiful
plazas.
In the beginning there was only the nothingness of barren sand as far as the eye
could see. And then they came -- a small group of Jews - with courage,
determination, perseverance, and the will to create for themselves a new life,
home, in this old desert - just as their ancestors had done generations ago.
Slowly, deliberately, steadfastly they worked, and strained and dug and built and
their dream became a reality. Out of sandy wasteland came a beautiful city. Parks
rang with the shouts and laughter of the children at play. The plazas were crowded
with people enjoying themselves by singing or playing music to entertain their
friends. Lush patches of green formed a pattern in the desert as the farmers worked
their magic to bring forth food from the earth. The shops were alive with activity as
the people admired and bought the goods and handiwork of the merchants and
craftsmen. And the homes were filled with joy and happiness and satisfaction as
families shared their Jewish heritage and took pride in their accomplishments. This
was truly the personification of the Jewish spirit.
Then with cruel swiftness it was over. This was no longer their land, their home.
It was decreed that this land be returned to Egypt. The dream became a nightmare.
The bulldozers came. And much more quickly than it was built, this beautiful city of
bricks and stone and mortar made from the sands of the barren desert was
changed to piles of rubble -- broken bricks and stones and mortar - which in time
will return again to its original form.
And in the end there was only the nothingness of barren sand as far as the eye
could see.
Bob Bossen
evidence that something existed here but soon
even it was gone and now .. a naked wasteland.
7. As our bus was leaving, we turned around, for
one last time, and looked at the city we would
never see again . . .
of Israel
3. The residents walked to the main square or
visited their neighbors on beautifully landscaped
walkways.
4. Some made a family affair of visiting the
shopping area.
5. We were the last group of tourists to visit
Yammit and bought the last ice cream cone from
the refreshment shop.
6. We visited the monument to all of the Israeli
soldiers who were killed in this area in the war of
1967.
187
