Girl Scout Troop #162
The 1981-82 year for the Center Girl Scouts was just the greatest. Our leader’s name is Clara Mann and she cannot be beat.
This year on Scout Leaders Day we gave her a dish garden with a card to tell how much we need her and appreciate her. There
were about 18 girls in our troop this year and we worked on all kinds of badges. We received these badges at our last meeting for
this year.
Some of our activities were a camp-out trip to Silver Springs and Wild Waters, a swimming party at the Center pool, we
looked at stars through a telescope, and made a lot of fun things.
I think this year was just great. Thanks to Mrs. Mann. I also would like to thank Irene Mann and the mothers who helped the
troop.
Leaders: Clara Mann
Irene Mann
Jewel Ann Achord
Sarah Andriesse
Chris Berry
Patty Berry
Theresa Berry
Penny Bradshaw
Helen Eaves
Jewel Ann Achord, Troop #162
Rachel Gavronsky
Christine Hester
Judith Jacobson
Kimberly Kirkland
Princess Laguio
Mellissa Myers
Neepa Patel
Jennie Schwab
Danielle Woodruff
Amy Bronowitz
Girl Scouting is more than a club, it is a nationwide, worldwide movement of girls ages 7-17. Girl Scouts make a
promise and live by the Girl Scout Laws. These simple guides prepare a young girl to live in our bewildering
modern world.
If you are interested in being a scout or a scout leader call Clara Mann 733-6472.
Brownie Troop #147
The Brownie Troop #147 of the Jacksonville Jewish Center will begin a new year with a wide variety of activities. Girls ages 7-9
are invited to join the troop. Gayle Thaler is the Browner leader. Please call her if you are interested in joining or helping the
troop. Weekly meetings take place at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
BEAUTIFUL LAMP SHADES
Lamps Made to Order
Wiring, Lamp Overhaul, Brass Polishing,
One of the Largest Stocks of Parts in Jax!
mums
UMR SERVICE
1712 Hendricks Ave.
398-7230
thXjounq (Hen's Shop
A Complete Store for Men
Only the styles have changed.
Personal Service. Value and
Quality remain the same.
DOWNTOWN
Comer of Main St. at Duval
Phone 353-6471
205
