Jewish Family & Children’s Service
President
First Vice President
Vice Presidents ...
Medical Director
Mental Health Director
Treasurer
Executive Director ...
Social Worker
M. H. Levine
David A. Selin
Ben Carlin
Tekla Foster
Beverly Goldstein
Martin J. Wolf
Dr. Morris A. Price
... William H. Geiger, MD, PA
Milton B. Mann, MD, PA
Norman Moss
.. Lawrence Rackow, ACSW
Nathaniel Greenwood, ACSW
Lawrence Rackow
Executive Director
In 1982 the Jewish Family and Children’s Services, Inc., the two man casework arm of the Jewish community, observes its sixty-
fifth anniversary, the thirtieth under the directorship of Lawrence Rackow and the twentieth under its current name.
Throughout its history, even as the United Jewish Charities and the Jewish Welfare Society, it has had three goals: to strengthen
and or restore family functioning and stability; to help individuals lead happier and healthier lives; and to enable individuals to
approach their maximum potential. In 1981,634 individuals from 527 families were helped in one or more of the four programs set
up to help reach these goals: Counselling, Senior Citizen, Emergency Financial Assistance, and Resettlement.
In its main program, Counselling, beside the basic forms found in most agencies, individual, marital, parent-child, physical illness,
and mental illness, and agency is also licensed to place children in foster care and for adoption. It is also payee or guardian for
incompetent persons, has a monthly outreach program at the State Hospital in Macclenny and at the prisons in Raiford, and
years ago it established a weekly group for isolated and dependent persons. In 1982, jointly with the Jewish Federation, it
established two series of Family Life Education. Nathaniel Greenwood, the Social Worker, was sent to a five day workshop on
Mediation to help sharpen and broaden our counseling services. 231 persons were served in 1981.
We Are So Delighted That So Many Of You Nice People Enjoy
FRESH ORANGE JUICE FRESH FRUIT SALAD
TREE-RIPENED INDIAN RIVER ORANGES & GRAPEFRUIT
Walter Hawkins Fruit Company
4163 Phillips Highway Jacksonville, Fla. 32207 Phone 737-3444
modernfold
COMMERCIAL MODERNFOLD
Suppier of the beautiful Jewish Center’s Operable Partitions
1515 Tutter Street Jacksonville, Florida 32211 Phone 743-5222
215
