Message from
We usher in the High Holy Days of this New Year, 5743, with
prayers for peace for Israel and all mankind. We do so in our
newly completed, beautiful sanctuary, enjoying the comfort of
the new seats and the aesthetic satisfactions provided by the high
quality of style and design of our new furnishings. The delay
in completing our synagogue interior only serves to highlight
the appreciation felt now that we have realized its completion.
I cannot overstate the sense of gratitude and the collective
thank you we need to offer the chairmen and members of
various committees for making these improvements possible.
We applaud Philip Selber and the Interior Design Committee for
the dedication they have shown over these many years. A
“yasher-koah” to Laurie DuBow, Leonard Setzer, Alan Gordon
and the members of the Building Fund Committee for their hard
work to make this enterprise financially feasible. We thank our
friends and devoted members who guaranteed the bank loan
and to many whose generosity compelled them to pledge their
support, again and again. We are very grateful to Nathan Krestul,
Chairman of the Board of the Center, for the years of dedication
in overseeing the innumerable details of each phase of the
design and to Buddy Shorstein whose steady hand and
administrative capabilities helped to bring us to this day. We
know that those mentioned above along with the many members of their committees who met and planned, deliberated
and finally resolved a program for beautifying our facility will know the fulfillment that comes from the
blessing of satisfaction that enables them now to enjoy the fruition of their labor.
Beyond comfort and aesthetics, the new sanctuary conveys a central and fundamental message. The crown of our new
synagogue is the Aron Kodesh, the Ark, designed by Ami Shamir. This unique and extraordinary Ark, is in fact, a sculpture
depicting the Biblical story of Jacob’s ladder. The Ark suggests that through prayer, the Jew, as Jacob, rises heavenward.
Through Torah, an expression of His love for His people, God descends to earth. The Torah, the source of the teaching
and guidance of Jewish history and tradition, is the means by which God makes His place among us. “V'nikdashti b’toh
b’nei yisrael” ... “I will be hallowed among the people of Israel.” (Lev. 22:32) Jacob’s ladder states that there is no
bifurcation world of God and the world of man. God needs us as His co-partners to complete and repair an imperfect
world. Man needs God for meaning and purpose. Jacob's ladder conveys the central message that heaven and earth meet
in the mind, heart and soul of man ... in his willingness to serve, to consecrate, to heal, to comfort and to repair.
The Ark is visibly decorated with stylized graphics that quote central and Biblical passages that speak to our tradition,
our faith and our belief. What endures beyond time and substance is the revelation of "the word,” “the teaching,” and
“the idea.” Although man is not immortal, his God inspired ideas and wisdom endure forever. The great shrines of Jewish
life were never embodied in physical structures but in these words ... the Ten Commandments, the prophecies of an
Isaiah, the quest for justice of an Amos, the teaching of Akiba, the gentleness and compassion of the Baal Shem Tov.
Wherever Jews have lived, Judaea,... Babylonia ... Spain ... Poland ... Israel and the United States, they have left the
legacy of “the word” and “the teaching” which will endure.
The Ark, as Jacob’s ladder, reminds us of a vivid dream that Jacob had and his consecration of the place in which he
found himself as his Beth El... the House of God. This is what a sanctuary is. It becomes a House of God when it sustains us
with the vision of what we stand for and when it commits us to high principles and lofty purposes and when it raises us
beyond the confining ceilings we have placed over our heads.
The sanctuary becomes a Beth El when it provides us with a direction with which to lead our lives so that we remain
neither aimless wanderers nor bored by a life devoid of purpose and meaning. A sanctuary becomes a Beth El, a House of
God, when it helps us to weather the storms we inevitably find in life and when we create the fellowship of concern and
care; a congregation bound by compassion and sensitivity.
A vision and purpose, a direction and goal, a setting of compassion and healing,... these are beyond what furnishings
can provide. A true sanctuary cannot be ordered. It has to be created. It has to be nurtured by our own designs, what we
are willing to create and provide with our hearts and hands.
As we begin the Rosh Hashanah of 5743 with the traditional blessing “ ... Who has kept us in life, preserved us and
enabled us to reach this season,” may we dedicate ourselves to make of our synagogue a sanctuary, a Beth El, a ladder
joining heaven and earth.
Inge and I and the members of our family wish you and yours a year of health, happiness, purpose, blessing and peace.
AMEN
Rabbi David Gaffney
the Rabbi
Rabbi & Inge Gaffney, Mickey & Shalva Schlisser & Asher Gaffney.
15
