HERMAN PAUL, President
ELLIOTT PALEVSKY, M.A., Executive Director
Administrative Associates
MARTIN GOETZ
MELVIN W. YOST
SIDNEY ENTMAN, A.C.S.W., Executive Director, Emeritus
River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged
Elliot Palevsky
Officers
President Herman Paul
Treasurer Martin Wolf
Secretary | Peter Winterfield
Chairman, Board of Trustees Lewis Meisel
Vice Presidents
Chairman of Admissions Board ..... Dr. Michael Greenburg
Co-Chairman of Admissions Board Brent Turbow
Co-Chairman of Admissions Board Mrs. Abe Horovitz
House Committee Jack Price
Public Relations Mrs. Nathan B. Gold
Chairman, Medical Board Dr. Harry Yoffee
Co-Chairman, Medical Board Dr. Melvin Newman
Endowment Board
Chairman Norman Hofheimer
Herman Paul
President
The River Garden Home has been a vital, integral part of the Jacksonville Jewish Cofnmunity for 36 years. There are very few communities fortunate
enough to have a geriatric care and rehabilitation center that has the capacity and resources to provide for 100% of the needs of the local Jewish population.
The primary mission of River Garden is to give long term care and short term rehabilitative care to older people who need the intensity of service, therapy and
support available in a residential setting and an environment supportive of Jewish identity. In addition, River Garden provides respite care, Hospice care,
geriatric assessment and counseling, and is a social service resource to the entire community.
River Garden serves the frail and ill aged. It stresses the “wellness” of the individual. River Garden attempts to compensate for the individual’s deficits
through its medical, nursing and psychosocial services and attempts to motivate the individual to utilize his postive assets to the fullest extent possible.
Through individualized plans of care, the Home tries to strike a living balance between institutional requirements and individual needs and styles. This positive
accent on living, with a variety of social, cultural and recreational programs helps to create the special climate and tone of River Garden. This tone is also
transmitted through the caring and encouragement of a professional and support staff of 180 people, providing services 24 hours a day, seven days a week,
365 days a year. The families of residents, our dedicated Volunteers, and the whole Jewish Community complete this living cycle through active involvement
and support of River Garden. River Garden is outstanding because the people of River Garden are outstanding. Those working for, living in and working in
the Home are special in themselves and towards each other. River Garden gives each and all of us the rare opportunity to express the very best in ourselves.
On behalf of the residents and staff and the Board of Trustees of River Garden we wish the entire commmunity a New Year of Health, growth achievement
and joy. L’SHONO TOVAH
River Garden Auxilliary
_ ., Auxiliary Officers . This past year has been an exciting year for the River Garden Auxilliary. Many of our
n-eS!\ f n d 1/ rS ííf** a,teJ>S f / T “wonderful dreams” have come true. Our membership has increased to over 1,000. New
rirst Vice-President Mrs. Jack Price (Judy) T , , , , , * ... ,
0 .... „ •» , w , , ' . Life Members have helped us reach this goal.
Second Vice-President Mrs. Jack Dittman (Anita ^ lf , . 0 . r . j ^ w i x . .j x j
. w i-* . • » , , /r, v Our Volunteer Program is forging ahead. Our Volunteers assist both residents and
Third Vice-President Mrs. Rubin Janofsky (Frances) . u ~ ,, , . /TT • r>. ,
r,. . iCs . w w, . nr-* .. /i . * staff. Our capable Volunteer Coordinator is Eleanore Dorman. Volunteering is a
Financial Secretary Mrs. Mitchell Peltz (Lois) lA, . , , . , ,, . , , .,
0 , o ¿ w x Jr . , ' . ' rewarding experience. It bnngs personal pleasure to give of yourself, to help a resident
Recording Secretary Mrs. Ted Friedman (Emily) . „ , , , A , . T ,
^ j o x .. i, . - . . .... . ..^. get ready to attend a dance, go shopping, out to lunch or to perform in various shows.
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Karl Frisch (Michelle) Z, A xi_ ft iL u i
rr x-o x I he residents enjoy the good feeling of someone caring and you, the Volunteer, can see
Executive Secretary Mrs. Gerald Fisher (Joan) . ; . ijL ..
‘ i»/ x /n \ them smile. I his is the true meaning our motto Service with a Heart .
General Treasurer Mrs. Meinhard Katz (Dora) lI7 t w . , D , . . u . ,
o * o*j o x /o \ I he Women of Valor are the members of our Board and through their efforts and
Parliamentarian Mrs. Sidney Entman (Rose) , . A ... A > ' .j . xi_ j , ?, ,
dedication the Auxiliary strives to provide for the needs of the residents.
We have had a very fruitful year in fund-raising - Tombola. Residents’ Memorial Plaque, Linen Shower and Donor Luncheon, Social Printing, Life
Membership and our newest and highly successful project “The Fifth Commandment” Plaque to honor thy mother and father. We encourage your
participation in all Auxiliary projects.
This year the Auxiliary helped replenish linens, provide new dishes for a trayline service that enables the residents’ meals to reach the various floors at the
appropriate temperature. The trayline also facilitates delivery of special individualized diets.
The Auxiliary strives to create a home like atmosphere and, in addition, sponsor entertainment for, and with the residents, such as Bingo, Hobby Shop, Art
classes and “Little Theatre” Groups.
Holidays are always special occasions as the Auxiliary sponsors holiday parties and entertainment for the enjoyment of the Home’s residents.
We welcome community support and participation in the Auxiliary and hope that the coming year will bring peace and happiness throughout the world.
217
