Progressive Credit Union
Board of Directors
Edwin Presser
Jordan Ansbacher
Harlan D. Helming
Joseph Cohen
Moe B. Safer
Jean I. Benjamin
W. Z. Goldberg
D. D. Gradman .
Credit Committee
President
. Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
Board Chairman
Director
Director
Director
Irwin Gendzier .
Milton Hecht ..
Herman Gelman
Mac Presser ...
Eugene Henry .
Chairman
Member
Member
Chairman-Emeritus
Emeritus
Supervisory Committee
Herman Paul Chairman
Robert L. Jacobs Member
Steven Meisel Member
Associate Directors
Stanley B. Gelman
Wallace Rubenstein
Ann Rubenstein
Minnie Schreiber
The Progressive Credit Union was organized in 1939 when a small group of businessmen formed the Jewish Progressive
Society to provide financial service to deserving persons of the Jewish faith. The group believed the cooperative movement
would relieve the financial distress brought on by the depression.
The Credit Union makes loans for family, personal or business needs. The interest rate charged is lower than the interest rate
of most lending institutions in the Jacksonville area. Savings deposits are guaranteed up to $100,000.00 by the Florida Credit
Union Guaranty Corporation. Life Savings Insurance insures the life of each individual member in an amount equal to his or her
savings and Loan Protection Insurance covers the life of each insurable borrower in the amount of the unpaid balance of his loan.
This insurance is available at no extra charge to members who qualify.
Recently the Progressive Credit Union honored several members for their dedication and meritorius service. Mr. Moe B.
Safer was chosen to become the first Chairman of the Board. Edwin Presser was selected to be the new president.
Special merit citations and plaques for outstanding service were presented to Mac Presser, Credit Committee Chairman
Emeritus and Eugene Henry, Credit Committee Member Emeritus. All officers and directors of this important community
project volunteer their services.
The Progressive Credit Union extends an invitation for all to join. Information may be obtained from any of the officers or
directors. The Progressive Credit Union office is located in the Florida National Bank Building, Room 759, phone 354-4770.
Jewish War Veterans
LT. MEYER LIEBOVITZ POST 199 Jacksonville, Florida
■ JWV is more than a veterans organization. More than a
Jewish organization. It is an amalgamation of Americans of
Jewish faith who share the common experience of having
served their country in time of war.
■ JWV was founded in 1896 to counteract slurs against
Jewish patriotism. Since then, it has been in the forefront of
the battle against anti-Semitism, bigotry and prejudice. In
upholding American democratic traditions, JWV fights
injustice and discrimination of all kinds.
■ JWV contributes greatly to the growth of a sympathetic
understanding of Israel and its problems among all
Americans. It is outspoken on issues that are affecting
permanent peace in the Middle East. Likewise, its
leadership role continues to help arouse American public
opinion against Soviet Union's anti-Jewish policies.
For Information: Acting Commander: Hyman Magil
Quartermaster: Meyer Caplan, 744-2607
■ JWV’s views are well known to Congress on such diverse
subjects as foreign policy, civil rights, defense spending,
veterans benefits, housing and education.
■ JWV, through its hospital, rehabilitation and veterans
service programs, assists the veteran and his dependents in
many ways. It maintains veteran service offices, manned by
professional experts, in major cities throughout the
country.
■ JWV, through its child welfare program, supports the Boy
Scout organization, provides summer camp scholarships
for underprivileged children, sponsors athletic league
tournaments. Its program includes sponsorship of
brotherhood rallies and the undertaking of civic betterment
projects in local communities.
255
