Congregational Trip to Israel
Bob and Marlene Bossen
We went home again-though we’d never been there before. What a thrill to walk down the ramp of the huge El A1 jetliner and
touch the hallowed ground of Israel for the first time. We stood quietly for a while, letting the idea of being in Eretz Israel sink in.
We felt awed by our good fortune and that feeling is still with us.
We were home again though we’d not been here before. The sense of pride, the feelings of joy and happiness, the spirit of
adventure as we explored the relics of our ancient history and observed the people of today who appeared to be still cloaked in
the aura of their ancestors glory.
Walking the streets of Jerusalem was an exciting experience yet we felt a sense of calmness and peace. Even with the tensions
of the times we were at ease because the total atmosphere made us feel that the spirit of God was there and no harm would come
to us.
The contrast between the ancient and the modern was ever-present reminding us constantly of what was, and what it has
become and making us dream of what it could be. Such a tiny country - with so much to see and do! And we did it! The Wall,
Masada, the Dead Sea, the enemy borders with their soldiers staring at us behind their poised guns, military manuevers, the
Kibbutzim, the Sinai which is no longer ours and Yammit which no longer exists.
And how do you describe the thrill of Shabbat services in Jerusalem -- singing the same songs and reciting the same prayers as
we do in Jacksonville? And the joy of wearing your Kipah everywhere you go and having Kosher food in every restaurant and
sidewalk cafe. The heartwarming pleasure of being Jewish 24 hours every day!
And as we boarded the plane for Jacksonville we still felt happy and proud and contented because we had been home again
though we’d never been there before ... or had we?!
Ben Gurion Airport, Tel Aviv. With our hearts
pounding and tears of joy we take our first steps
on Israeli soil.
Our first dinner. Disengoff Street in Tel Aviv.
Hungarian style sidewalk restaurant with great
potato blintzes and vegetable soup.
High up on the steps of the ampitheater in
Caesarea we learned how our ancestors
struggled for survival when the Romans ruled
Palestine.
We spent a night on a Kibbutz outside Haifa. The
sign over the main entrance tells it all.
We sit in the remains of the synagogue high atop
the Masada and hear of the courageous battle for
survival by a small band of heroic Jews.
We visited a military outpost on the Syrian
border. The weather was cold but the feelings
among our group and the soldiers were very
warm.
Rabbi Gaffney performs the “toe-tester” method
to determine that the Dead Sea is cold! Some of
our group are floating in the water behind him.
Imagine! Over two thousand years ago our
ancestors stood on these very steps to the
southern Wall of the Temple Mount!
As we left for the airport we made our last stop at
the “Wall.” As did Rabbi Gaffney, we all gave
thanks for a marvelous experience and prayed for
lasting peace in the future.
Those who participated in the Congregation Tour to Israel: Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Berkowitz, Mr. and Mrs. Jack Silverman, Dr. and Mrs. Michael Greenburg, Mr.
and Mrs. Philip Shapiro, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Bossen, Mrs. Freda Isenberg, Dr. Cheryl Rosenblatt, Rabbi and Mrs. David Gaffney, Mrs. Sarah Bossen and Miss
Karen Bossen.
51
