Table of Contents
ADMINISTRATION
Yearbook Staff 13
Rabbi’s Message 15
Administration 17
Administrative Director . 19
President’s Message 21
Officers 23
Board of Directors 25-35
Past Presidents .. 37
Trustees 37
Minyan Captains 39
Maintenance 267
Rummage Store 267
ADULT ACTIVITIES
Sisterhood, Solomon Schechter P.T.A., Center Car
Raffle, Mazel Mania, Adult Education, Cantor's
Concert, Minyanaire, Library, Performing Artist Series,
Cemetery, Deaths, Congregational Trip to Israel
MEMBERSHIP DIRECTORY 63
EDUCATION
Administration 95
Day School 97
Sunday School 105
Hebrew School 107
Hebrew High Ill
Confirmation 113
Torah Readers 113
Consecration 115
Tefillin 129
RECREATION
Day Camp, Sunday Sports Assoc., Camping,
Survival Weekend, Youth Banquet.
SPECIAL EVENTS
Simhat Torah Honorees 39
Purim Celebration 207
Passover for All 209
Selihot Program 211
A Scribe Visits 211
SPECIAL FEATURE
Yammit, The Spirit of Israel 187
Symbolism of Israel 185
SIMCHA
Births 133
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs 141
Weddings 145
YOUTH
Rabbi Kentof’s Message 191
Kadima, Chalutzim, U.S.Y., Summer Camps, Cub
Scouts, Boy Scouts, Brownies, Girl Scouts
COMMUNITY 213
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Family &
Children's Services, River Garden & Auxilliary, Mt.
Carmel, Z.O.A., Hadassah, AZA, BBG, B'nai B'rith
Men, Mr. and Mrs. Progressive Credit Union, ORT,
National Council of Jewish Women, Jewish War
Veterans, Jewish Womens' Bowling.
CALENDAR 225
From the Editor:
“What you see is what you get” may be hackneyed expression, but it describes part of the
purpose behind the Center Yearbook . . . for what you see and read in it, IS what each
member gets. But there is more, much more . . . , the inspiration, the friendships, the
satisfaction and pride from volunteering, the sense of belonging are as much a part of this
book as are the pictures and words.
I want to thank the synagogue leaders and all the volunteers for making possible all the
wonderful programs the Center has to offer. There are also silent supporters who are
always there too.
As the interior of our building begins to take shape one can easily sense the excitement
and anticipation. How wonderful it is to see our dream become a reality.
This has been another banner year for our Synagogue-Center. I look forward to another
inspiring and stimulating year and hope to share many simchas with all of you.
I would like to thank everyone responsible for making this yearbook possible. This is a
joint effort that takes a great deal of work and co-operation. I hope you enjoy reading this
volume as much as Esther Fishier and I had compiling it.
To all of you, I wish a very happy, healthy and prosperous New Year.
L’ Shana Tovah
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers ll
