Women’s American Ort
Women’s American Ort
President Sandy Miller
Vice-President Kathy Triebwasser
Fin. Secretary Bonnie Sandler
Recording Sec’y Regina Weston
Treasurer Wendy Efron
Parliamentarian Anita Warschoff
Chapter
Afternoon
Beauclerc
Evening
Riverfront
Seaside
Meeting time
2nd Monday
1st Friday a.m.
1st Tuesday p.m.
1st Tuesday
1st Tuesday p.m.
President
Clara Mann
Phyllis Levin
Allyson Newman
Pat Greene
Bonnie Hardy
To my sister Jewess,
Women’s American ORT is the most complex, exciting, dynamic and fastest growing Jewish women’s organization in the U.S.
We are an activist group not only taking stands, but positively working to upgrade the quality of life for ourselves, our families and
our communities.
We are very involved in public education as well as career and vocation education. Not only have we our first school (highly
acclaimed) in New York and a second school about to open in Los Angeles, but we are most excited about the new Jewish High
School in North Miami where ORT has been asked not only to run the science and technological tracts, but also to help create
the total curriculum!
Not only have we 800 installations of various types of schools in 24 countries on five continents with two million student
graduates in our 102 year history; not only are we known as the finest vocational educators in the world; not only does our
government recognize our expertise, call on our testimony before congressional committees and have ORT members on
educational governmental boards on every echelon of government but we are ... take stands ... and act to uphold the right of
abortion, fight for passage of the ERA, work for human rights and freedom of movement for all peoples, especially Soviet Jewry
and support Israel Americans and Jews (half of our ORT network of schools are there.) We confront this new radical right
movement head on, fighting against censorship, prayer in schools, right to life through anti-democratic and anti-pluralistic views.
Most importantly, we have assumed a vanguard role to thwart anti-Semitism where it raises its ugly head.
This, very briefly, is our program. Our chapters are as pluralistic as our country. Their diversity creates the right place for you
to have your voice heard on the most momentous issues of our harried times and our 600 members in Jacksonville and 145,000 in
the U.S. help give you strength to make your voice heard - loud and clear!
Won’t you make Women’s American ORT stronger? Can you afford in all conscience not to belong?
ORTistically, Sandy Miller
B’nai B’rith
Youth Organization
The B’nai B’rith Youth Organization (BBYO) is the largest high school
Jewish youth organization in the country. It is successful because it
reaches out to every and any Jewish youth, no matter what sect of
Judaism he follows.
The core of the program, Leadership Training, provides knowledge and
skills in a congenial social atmosphere. Inherent in the organization is a
demand for commitment and involvement; the fiber that holds Jewish
youth together no matter how small or large the community.
If you are interested and would like to get involved in Jacksonville’s
AZA/BBG chapters just call Barbara Sherman 737-2564 or Tom Foster
268-9644.
AZA Officers: Tom Foster, Lewis Levy, Mike Armel, Ronnie
Burman and David Burman.
223
