!>)<7»<)-MB»'')-<BB'0'^H»()-W')'W*'()'«HB».()«B»')-<H»()'MH»'>-«K>'l)-aBB»<)'«geiI DWOWOWUMIIWOAUW» «Jl
L7/2¿ dPxz^Lclznt i ^ 1 f
£±±CIÜ¿
j
DAVID MOSCOVITZ
Among the important things we have to do dur¬
ing the coming year is the renovation of the Center
building, especially the synagogue. It is my leverent
hope that we shall approach this task with reverence
and that we will secure the full cooperation oí our
members in this undertaking.
We believe that the great masses ol the Ameri¬
can people are against the vicious, barbaric and
undemocratic ideas which agents of foreign powers
are attempting to disseminate among them. We have
good reason to look with con fid ence towards the New
Ye ar 5700 and to prepare ourselves lor the constructive
task of furthering the religious, social and educational
program of our institution.
American Jews face the New Year with mixed
feelings of fear and con fid ence. During the pasi
year the condition ol Jews all over the world has
become aggravated, and we naturally looked with
apprehension at the increased anti-semitic agitation in
this country. At the same time we were greatly im¬
pressed and encouraged by the numerous Christian
organizations that have undertaken the struggle against
religious intolerance.
1 think that we may be proud o f the fine progress
our institution has made during the past year. o ur
Synagogue services were rendered with dignity and
were well attended. Both our Hebrew School and
Sunday School enjoyed a successful school term.
1 hose who were present at the closing exercises will
long remember the many beaming faces of the pupils
as they received the awards for good attendance, ex¬
cellence in study and general progress. It was grati¬
fying that so many parents attended and showed keen
interest ol the Jewish education ol their children. I
believe that we cannot fail to remember the very
impressive and beautiful confirmation service on the
second night ol Shovuos, which deeply moved the
large congregation. We are proud of the many cap¬
able boys who became Bar Mitzvah during the year.
I he fine attitude ol these boys and girls toward their
religion, their continued interest in Jewish life through
Center club activities, is an encouraging sign for the
future.
Perhaps the most impressive affair of the year was
the presentation of the operetta The Wedding ”, whose
tuneful Jewish melodies, beautiful costumes, excellent
singing and acting and able direction of the chorus and
orchestra, will be remembered as a cultural event which
has never been excelled in the past.
h is also satisfying to record that we have been
able to meet all of our financial obligations, an ac¬
complishment which is largely due to the loyal work of
our finance committee, headed by Mr. B. Baker.
Personally I feel grateful that Cod has spared me
to be with you. I pray that He will fully restore my
health so that 1 may be able to serve the Jewish com¬
munity to the best of my ability.
1 should like to take this opportunity to thank Mr.
H yman Selber, vice-president, who during my illness
assumed and ably performed the duties of my office.
I urge the members of the Jacksonville Jewish Cen¬
ter to patronize our advertisrs who made possible this
year book. 1 o all our members, friends and advertisers,
1 extend the greetings of the season. May the Almighty
C »od inscribe you in the book of lile, prosperity and
happiness. Amen.
É
Page Fourteen
Make It Your Duty To Cooperate With Our Advertisers
