o*3§
xEV\x- ocV[ax xz^uKin <zSjizafziL fox (Uiiz Y/sat YSoolz
■m
m
0
0
mMUMf
MAX RUBIN
Honorary President
As one who is familiar with the origin and
development of the Center Year Booh and Dirctory,
I have heen ashed to write this foreword in the nature
of an appeal for its support by the members of the
Center.
From the small program booklet that it was for
a number of years, it has grown within the past four
years into a ninety-two page, large size publication,
representing every organization, that is in any Way
affiliated with the Center.
It is true that this booh has grown because of the
industry of the Center Board of Directors and its Year
Booh Committee, but it is an even more important
consideration that its prosperity is due to the splendid
response which it has received from the merchants
and business concerns of this city. Each year the
number of advertisers has grown, which is in itself
evidence of its value as a medium of advertising among
the Jewish people of Jacksonville.
However, in order that these merchants and con¬
cerns mi ght receive directly the hnowledge that the
members of the Center appreciate their cooperation,
let me mahe this personal appeal to every member, that
whenever possible you make your purchases from the
ranks of our advertisers, and when making such pur¬
chases PLEASE mention that you saw his advertise¬
ment in the Year Book and that you appreciate his
corporation with the institution.
This publication realizes a considerable income
for the Center each year, and unless we cooperate
with our advertisers in the same manner that they do
with us, we can not expect this needed income to
continue indefinitely. So as part of your obligation
to the Center, please patronize and cooperate with our
advertisers.
Ei-Lqn
J he Center is extremely grateful to Miss Blanche Spitz for her efforts in designing the front cover of
this year s booh. We feel that the theme of this year s cover, portraying the side entrance of the Center
Building, is an extremely oppropriate one, for it is through these portrals that both the present and future
leaders of Judaism pass—the present ones in performing their many urgent tasks, the future ones in pre¬
paring themselves to better discharge future obligations.
T/zax oofz EStaj-f
HYMAN SELBER
Bus. Mgr.
MIRIAM SPITZ
Secretary
MORRIS NIMOVITZ
Bus. & Edi. Staff
PHILIP SELBER
Editor
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with Our Advertisers
i
Page Eleven
