RABBI MORRiS D. MARGOLIS
With a world hovering on the brink ol war,
and mankind facing the problem of resistance to
aggression or submission to the power of ruthless
brutality, the Jew finds his position indicated in
the prayers of the High Holy Days.
During the entire penitential season the Jew
recites Psalm 27 twice daily. The Lord is my light
and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The Lord is
tlie stronghold of my life; of whom shall I be afrai d?
When evil-doers drew ni gh against me to eat up
my flesh, even my adversaries and my foes, they
stumbled and fell. Though an host should encamp
against me, my heart would not fear; though war
should rise against me, even then would 1 be con¬
fident. One thing have I asked of the Lord, that will
1 seek after: That I may dwell in the house ol the
Lord, and to inquire in his temple.
The Jew who clings to his religion and finds
com fort in the house of God, does not despair under
even the most trying circumstances. Cmd is his refuge
and strongho Id. O nly those Jews whose attachment
to their faith is weak try to find escape in conversion,
as did many Jews in Italy, or in suicide, as did many
Jews in Austria and Germany. Such Jews fall like
withered leaves blown by the wind.
J he Jew h as survived the oppressions, inquisi¬
tions and wars o f the centuries because the bulk of
our people remained firmly attached to the Etz
. Because of it our people
has remained full of the sap of life and creative
energy to this very day. The achievements of Jewish
pioneers in Palestine in spite of terrorism and White
Papers is symbolic of our essential health and vigor.
We must realize that our fate does not depend
upon a government or human dictator, but upon our
own moral and spiritual strength. As the psalmist
put it, Do not trust in princes, in the son of man,
in whom there is no help, when his breath departeth,
lie returneth to his earth; in that every day his de¬
signs perish.
Our future depends upon our faith in God and
in the ethical ideals of our religion.
When tragedy has befallen so many of our
brethren, we must and confirm our belief that ulti¬
mately the world will be perfected under the kingdom
of the Almighty”, and that the dominion of wicked¬
ness and cruelty will disappear.
This should be our faith at this critical moment
in history. The Lord is my light and my salvation,
whom shall I fear ?
May the prayers of Israel on this coming Rosh
Hashonah and Yom Kippur be acceptable unto the
Lord, our God. May He hearken unto the anguished
cry of our suffering brethren across the sea and bring
salvation to our people and to all mankind.
Chai
* *
i trp
aim
Lhe T
ree o
f Life
By Patronizing Our Advertisers Your Are Financially Helping the Center
Page Pift een
