Page 7 en
By Patronizing Our Advertisers Your Are Financially Helping the Center
j
i
i
É
I
i
i
i
I
I
I
LY/z£ ¿Z<jznt
zaz
Rociding from left to right: Isidor Setzer, irving Slott, May Schweitzer, Meyer Leibovitz, Sylvia Price, Morris Nimovitz
Raymond Cohen, Leo Moskovitz, Mrs. Abraham Trattler, Melvin Margol.
<Si
Originally Compiled by
MISS LEAH JAFFA
T H IE W IE IE IE IIN G • *
An Operetta in 6 Scenes Based on Jewish hoik Songs
Orchestra Conducted by
FIERCE P. DROHAN
Arranged for Orchestra by
W. H. PERRINS
Produced and Directed by RABBI MORRIS D. MARGOLIS
On Marc h 12th the J acksonville Jewis h Com¬
munity witnessed a dramatic and musical event which
may rightly be considered the most elaborate and
most beautiful ever given in Jacksonville by the Jew¬
ish Community.
J he operetta J he Wedding attempts to mirror
in song and pantomine a fragment of Jewish folklife
typical of Eastern Europe. I he music consists of
twenty well-known Jewish folk songs translated into
English and woven into a story ol the love of a
Y esh iva student and a Jewish girl.
Rabbi Morris D. Margol is, who wrote several
original melodies for the operetta, also directed the
entire production and trained the large choir. Mem¬
bers of the W. P. A. Florida Symphony Orchestra
provided a string ensemble consisting of two violins,
two second violins, two violas, cello, bass and piano.
The orchestration o f the songs was made by W. H.
Pe rrins o f the W. P. A. composers forum, under the
direction of Mr. Charles LePaige. I he Federal Theatre
costume shop designed and made the costumes. J he
dance numbers were under the direction of Miss
Ednis Dunbar of the W. P. A. Recreation Project
and Mr. Ran Meyer ol the Federal J heatre was in
charge ol make up.
I o assure the success of the operetta, Rabbi
Margolis secured the cooperation of the Junior Ha-
dassah and the A. Z. A., whose members took an
active part in the chorus and cast, as well as the
assistance of all other Jewish organizations meeting
in the Center. The result was most gratifying. Over
600 witnessed the first performance and about 250
attended the repeat performance on March 22nd, both
of which were held in the Scottish Rite Temple.
From the opening of the curtain for the first
scene to the closing of the curtain for the last scene
the audience beheld a spectacle of simple beauty, of
pulsating rhythm and enchanting melody. The entire
cast performed admirably and showed little evidence
of its amateur standing. The orchestra under the di¬
rection of Pierce F. Drohan called forth the admira¬
tion and the repeated applause of the large audience.
J he chorus, under the direction of Rabbi Margolis,
sang beautifully and with precision.
The cast consisted of the following: Sylvia Price,
Mrs. Abrah am TrattI er, Meyer Leibovitz, Morris Lei¬
bovitz, Morris Nimovitz, Melvin Margol, Raymond
Cohen, Isadore Setzer, Leo Moskovitz, Irvin Slott, Mrs.
N. V. G ross, Sylvia Leidman, Israel Safer, and Mrs.
D. Torn narrator.
The following committee was in charge of ar¬
rangements: I. M. Lieberman, Murray Glickstein, Hy¬
man Selber, Mrs. B. Chepenik, Miss Ruth Davis, Ben
Chpenik , Philip Selber and Joseph Hackel.
