ÍZ7/zz dint EX xzJ^e[íCJÍOII± <cStajj-
REV. B. SAFER
Cantor
REV. J. ROBIN
Sexton
REV. G. FINN
Teacher of Aln-Yacob
Rabbi Morris D. Margolis, wbo supervises the
religious activity of the Center, is assisted by three
distinguished Jews who serve the religious needs of the
Center and the community in accordance with their
special talents.
Rev. Benjamin Safer, who has catered to the
religious needs of the Jewish community for over 35
years, serves in the capacity of Ba al Kriah (reader of
the Torah) and assistant Cantor. Rev. Safer chants
the services on the High Holy Days in the Center au¬
ditorium. He serves Jacksonville and neighboring Jew¬
ish communities in the capacity of Mohel.
Rev. Joseph Robin fills the position of Shamus
(sexton), supervising the Daily “M inyon morning
and evening and ministers to the needs of the wor¬
shippers during Holid ay and festival services in the
main Synagogue. He maintains a record o f the He¬
brew dates for the observance of Yahrzeit for deceased
relatives of Center members. He assists in the work
oí the I almud J orah, taking charge of the Bar
Mitzvah classes. He accompanies Rabbi Margolis to
all weddings and funerals. Rev. Robin also helps the
finance committee in the collection of dues.
Rev. G. Finn was the Ba al Kriah at the Center
for a number of years, a function which he still
occasiona Ily performs. He teaches the Ain Yaacob
class every Saturday afternoon before the Mincha
service, having carried on this activity for the past
seven years with considerable success. Rev. Finn also
assists in reading the services on the High Holy Days.
1 hese three gentlemen are representative of the
fine type of orthodox Jew of the older generation and
are grea tly respected in the community. We are in¬
deed proud to have them in our midst and grateful
for their valuable services.
Best Wishes for the New Year
from
HARDAGE & WILLIAMS
Funeral Directors
Phone 7-8615 Instant Ambulance Service 517 Pi
517 Park St.
Page Twenty
Show Your Appreciation To Our Advertisers By Giving Them Your Patronage
