dzntzx ¿zfyzííqíoiii c^aíiooí
Philip Selber
Clara Kramer
Gertrude Wilensky J. S. Gallinger
Rachel Rothstein Mrs. S. Peariman Julia Mizrahi
Morris Nimovitz
Rachel Cohen
FACULTY
RABBI MORRIS D. MARGOLIS, Superintendent
SUNDAY SCHOOL
MR. PHILIP SELBER, Principal
Miss Reba Wilensky
Miss Raye Cohen
Miss Julia Mizrahi
Miss Gertrude Hecht
Mrs. S. Peariman
Miss Raye Rothstein
Miss Clara Kramer
Mr. Morris Nimovitz
Mr. J. S. Gallinger
Miss Gertrude Wilensky
HEBREW SCHOOL
Mr. Morris Nimovitz
Rev. J. Robin
Rabbi M orris D. Margolis
Mr. J. S. Gallinger
J he Jacksonville Jewish Center maintains a mod¬
ern Hebrew School, which meets four times a week,
in the afternoons and five times a week when sessions
are held in the morning. Last year the Hebrew School
had an enrollment of 90 children. There were 7
classes; a beginner s class for young children between
the ages of 6 and 8 years; a beginners class for
children between 8 and 10 years of age; one ele¬
mentary Hebrew class; one advanced Hebrew class;
one Chumosh class; one Bar Mitzvah class and
one post-Bar Mitzvah class. There was also a class
for advanced pupils in Sunday School, who had
failed to attend Hebrew School, which met twice a
week. A bus was operated to provide transportation
for pupils residing in the Riverside section.
The curriculum of the Hebrew School aims to
develop in the child a sense of reverence for his re¬
ligion, a deep interest in the ideals and aspirations
of the Jewish people and to develop in him the ability
to participate actively in the observance of Jewish
festivals, customs and ceremonies, both in the Syna¬
gogue and at home. The text used during the past
year included, Sifri Part 1, Hamehim Lamikra Part
1 and 2, Olami Part 1 and 2, Sipuri Hatorah
(Chumosh) and the J. P. S. Junior Bible in English.
The Center maintains a Sunday School, which
last year had an enrollment of over 200 children,
divided into 12 grades. J here was one junior kinder¬
garten, with children from 4 to 5 years of age, one
senior kindergarten, with children from 5 to 6 years
of age, nine regular classes, the last of which is the
Confirmation Class, and one Post-Confirmation Class.
TL
Le curriculum of the Sunday School aims to
give tne Jewish child a thorough knowledge of Jewish
customs and ceremonies. Textbooks used during the
past year included, a kindergarten manual and mater¬
ial; J he Bible Jingles Coloring book, supplemented
by teachers’ stories (grades land 2); Children’s His¬
tory of Israel, Part 1 and 2 (grades 3 and 4); When
the Jewish People Was Young (grade 5); How the
Jewish People’ Grew Up (Grade 6); History of the
Jew In Modern limes, Zelig’s (grade 7 and 8); The
Story of the Jew or Post Biblical Jewish History
(Confirmation and Post-Confirmation Class).
An excellent teacher s staff was in charge of these
classes, the attendance was very good and all classes
made progress. An honor point contest, in which all
children participated, was conducted throughout the
year. Fifteen prizes were presented to those who
had the highest number of honor points. Points were
given for good attendance, for excellence in study
and for participation in the various extra-curricular
activities of the school. Louis Safer, Lillian Green-
baum, Annette Hammerman, Sonya Heyman and
Gertrude Meyerhoff were the first five on the list
of winners. The El ias H. Pilton memorial cup, do¬
nated by the children of the late Elias H. Pilton was
awarded to grade 7 for having scored the highest
average ol points in the contest.
Jluring the year the school sponsored many
interesting events on the occasions of major and minor
festivals. 1 he Chanukah program and the Purim
Carnival were happy events in the lives of the
children. Other occasions celebrated were Simchas
J orah. Cham is ho B She vat, Lag B omer and the
Children s Seder. The school choir also participated
in the operetta.
KINDLY PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
Page 7 wenty-one
