cz/fdotjik BB. ^MVeíL jCodcjz oj~ BB nai BB zíéíz
DR. LEONARD GRUNTHAL
President
OFFICERS
DR. LEONARD GRUNTHAL PRESIDENT
NAT SHORSTEIN 1st VICE PRES.
HAROLD COHN 2nd VICE PRES.
PHILIP SELBER SECRETARY
MORRIS H. WITTEN TREASURER
IRA STEIN MONITOR
JOHN ROSENBLUM ASS'T. MONITOR
BEN CHEPENIK WARDEN
J lie past year has witnessed the complete re¬
juvenation of the local Adolph B. Weil Lodge of
B nai B rith. From a weak disorganized group of
approximately 175 members, it has shown excep¬
tional progress until today it is a greatly strengthened
organization, highly active and efficient, boasting a
membership of well over 350.
The climax o f the year s activity came with the
recent convention of the State Federation of B nai
B rith Lodges, to which the local lodge was host.
The two-day program accomplished much in the way
of concrete progress, as well as presenting a number
of outstanding speakers, among whom were Dean Wal¬
ter J. Matherly, of the University of Florida; Alvin
Kartus, President of the Fifth District of B nai B rith;
and Judge J. Fromberg, past president of the Fifth
District. Nat Shorstein, general chairman, deserves
much credit for the fine manner in which the meeting
was conducted.
Another highlight o f the year s activity came on
March 27th at the initiation exercises held before
an estimated audience o f 500 persons, marking the
induction of a class o f 175 new members into the
Lodge. Alvin S. Kartus, President of the Fifth Dis¬
trict, in whose honor the class was named, delivered
an inspiring address on the history and development
o f B’ nai B rith. Much credit for the success o f the
membership drive is due to the efficient work of the
co-chairmen, Nat Shorstein and Harold S. Cohn.
Not content with rebuilding its own lodge, the
local group went beyond its own bounds and became
very active in the organization of two new lodges in
nearby cities, having successfully installed groups at
both St. Augustine and Gainesville. Its sphere of
influence has been similarly felt in other state-wide
projects, having been instrumental in bringing to the
state educational institutions at Gainesville and Tal¬
lahassee for the first time a Rabbi to direct the spiritual
and cultural activities of the students.
The I ocal Lodge also took a most active interest
in the activities of the District Grand Lodge as Philip
Selber, secretary, attended the District Convention
held in Charleston.
Outstanding in the events of the past year was
the second annual regional A. Z. A. Winter Tourna¬
ments and Convention, which was held in this city
on December 27th, 28th, and 29th. The local lodge
is proud of the part that it played in the inspiring and
successful gathering staged by its junior order. It
also takes just pride in the splendid accomplishments
of its junior auxiliary during the past year, in attaining
the complete fulfillment of its Five- Fold and Full
program.
J he organization has continued to safeguard the
rights and liberties of local Jewry by the vigilant de¬
fensive activities of its Anti-Defamation Committee,
headed by Joseph Glickstein. The lodge also con¬
tinued to sponsor its scholarship fund, and during the
past year aided two young men in their pursuit of a
hi gii er education. The local group also pressed for¬
ward its efforts to ascertain those among the Jewish
faith who have not as yet been naturalized and to
aid them in such naturalization work.
Although the Adolph B. Weil Lodge has just wit¬
nessed the most glorious year in its long existence,
its prospects for future achievement and accomplish¬
ment are even brighter. Supplied with an abundant
force of conscientious and capable leaders and boast¬
ing the largest membership in Jacksonville, the local
ledge is well equipped to safeguard the future welfare
and security of local Jewry.
GREETINGS . . . . Visitors at our farm and plant are always appreciated.
[binunorz DAIRY CO.
Practice Your Loyalty to the Center By Cooperating with Our Advertisers
Page 7 hirty-
