*■—'-
j
I
5
£
j
I
O
I
4*j
II
NORMAN MOSCOVITZ
President
MEMBERS
T T ITTVTI . h-Wl I ¿ *iWfc # « w i i J
ADVISORS, JUNIOR
YZadífz Clfiajitír <^'Yo. ZrJ‘¿
OFFICERS
Mormon Moscovitz Aleph Godol (President)
Paul Weiss Aleph S'gan (Vice President)
Irvin Ghelerter Aleph Mazkir (Secretary)
Herbert Harris v„. Aleph Gisbor (Treasurer)
Norman Miller Aleph Shoter Godol (Sergeant at Arms)
William Katz Aleph Shoter Koton (Asst. Sergeant-at-Arms)
Jack Snider Aleph Sopher (Reporter)
Joe Mizrahi Aleph Kohen Godol (Chaplain)
Philip Selber Head Advisor
Outstanding among local Jewish groups is the Junior Order of B’nai
B rith. Led by a group of energetic young men and guided by an efficient
advisory board, the A. Z. A. has gained during the past year a prominent
place in the Jewish community of Jacksonville.
J he second annual Southern Regional Convention tournament of District
5, held in Jacksonville during the month of December was a memorable event
in the life of the local chapter. I he convention was attended by 150 boys
from the four states of Georgia, North and South Carolina and Florida.
Lor three days, debates, oratorical contests, luncheons, dances and athletic
tournaments gave new impetus to the young participants. The convention
ended with a banquet attended by 350 persons, at which Julius Bisno,
executive director of the order, delivered an inspiring address.
Concomitent with similar observances by A. Z. A. chapters throughout
the world, the local chapter sponsored an A. Z. A. Day, a Youth and Democ¬
racy celebration, a Mother’s Day and A. Z. A. Sabbath at which members
of the group, assisted by their own choir, conducted the religious services
in its entirety.
Jn order to bring about a closer relationship among the Jewish youth
ol Jacksonville and the neighboring communities throughout the Southeast,
local Alephs have motored on several occasions to out of town communities,
where they helped organize new chapters and resurected inactive groups. J he
loca I A. Z. A. is largely responsi ble for the huge success of the operetta
The Wedding to which it Iended talent, choir elements, a stage manager,
and assisted with the sale of tickets.
I hrough the membership drive, A. Z. A. nearly doubled the number of
Alephs during the past year so that today, the chapter prides itself with a
membership o f 42.
J he chapter particularly excelled in its fine athletic accomplishments of
the past year. Its d iamondbafl team won the coveted regional championiship
trophy in the tournament held in Savannah and the basketball team went to
the finals in the regional tournament held here last December. J he diamond-
ball team has also compiled an outstanding local record, having won the
local Jewish Community League championship and being tied at present
for first place in the second half of the Recreational League race. In addition,
the Alephs engaged in bowling and touch football. Sidney Cohen is diamond-
ball coach, while Moe Bono handled the destinies of the basketball team.
The season was brought to a close with the presentation of A. Z. A. s
3rd Annual Minstrel and dance.
A. Z. A. is a Jewish Youth Organization with an approximate member¬
ship of 8,500 boys in 347 chapters' throughout the world. Every Jewish
boy of good character between the ages of fifteen and twenty-one is eligible
for membership. When a boy reaches the age of twenty-one he is considered
a life member and then becomes a B’nai B rith.
’Five Fold and Full” is the terminology which designates the A. Z. A.
program and which found its origin in the fertile mind of the late Dr. Boris
D. Bogen, International Secretary of B’nai B’rith. Its activities consist of the
following lines of endeavor: Rel igious, Social Service, Cultural, Social and
Athletic. The creed of the A. Z. A. is composed of seven cardinal virtues
which are as follows: Patriotism, Judaism, Fil ial Love, Charity, Conduct,
Purity and Fraternity.
1
o
i
o
i
o
I
o
I
i
i
i
Í
i
i
j
K)»()4
Page Forty
KINDLY PATRONIZE OUR ADVERTISERS
