amor
adaiiaíz
\
MISS RUTH DAVIS
President
OFFICERS
PRESIDENT RUTH DAVIS
1st VICE PRESIDENT JULIA MIZRAHI
2nd VICE PRESIDENT PAT NATALIE HACKEL
3rd VICE PRESIDENT MINNIE SMITH
4th VICE PRESIDENT MILDRED LIEBERMAN
CORRESPONDING SECY. ..... JEAN SHATKOWSKY
RECORDING SEC'Y JOSEPHINE SAFER
TREASURER CLARA MORGENSTERN
Junior Hadassab is an American organization
of Jewish young women who believe in Zionism, a
great modern social movement that more than any
other has deepened the meaning of "a full Jewish
life.
7 he Idea:
Schooled in the ideals of democracy, the mem¬
bers of Junior Had assah believe, as do all Zionists,
that the Jewish people, like all people, should have
their own Homeland for collective creative endeavor.
They believe that th is Homeland shou Id be in Pal-
estine, the ancestral land of the Jews. J hey believe
that now more than ever Palestine must be made
the haven for large numbers of homeless refugees.
Spok en some years ago, these words of former
U. S. Supreme Court Justice Brandéis are the more
striking today: J he suffering of the Jews due to
injustices continuing throughout the nearly twenty
centuries is the greatest tragedy in history. Never
were the injustices more glaring. Yet the present is
pre-eminently a time for hopefulness.”
I hat hopefulness embraces Zionism and Pales¬
tine.
The Program:
1. In America Junior Hadassah fosters an ap¬
preciation o( the whole body of Jewish culture —
through past and contemporary history, literature,
music, the Hebrew language. An understanding of
the cumulative experience of the Jewish people is
an invaluable equipment for tackling the critical pre¬
sent-day problems of the Jew.
2. In Palestine Junior Hadassah s share in the
practical upbuilding of the country is the support ol
specific enterprise, mainly for the youth of Palestine.
Th ese are:
Meier Shfeyah: a self-governing children’s village
where nearly 200 boys and girls live, study and work.
Among them are scores of refugee children from
Europe.
Pardess Anna: a citrus farm for specialized
training of Meier Shfeyah graduates.
Henrietta Szold School of Nursing; Training
school for nurses which is regarded as one of the best
in the Near East.
Participation in Youth Aliyah, which settles Eu¬
ropean relugee children in Palestine.
.Participation in the Jewish National E and for
land purchase and reforestation.
The Action:
An idea and a program live only by action. By
unremitting efforts in carrying out the two-point pro¬
gram of Junior Hadassah, the 20,000 members of
the organization contribute effectively to a just so¬
lution of the Jewish problem. American Jewish wo¬
men who are convinced that only a positive approach
to the Jewish question is worth consideration will
find in Junior Hadassah an idea, a program and a
course of action that answer the inner urge of every
young Jew.
Plans for the coming year include having one
business meeting a month and one cultural meeting
a month, at which time seasonal holidays will be
celebrated and brought to the attention ol members.
JUNIOR HADASSAH MEMBERSHIP
m
I
I
i
I
I
*
Page Eorty-six
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially Helping The Center
