t
a
t.
Rabbi Ms D Margolis
S. Selber
Dr. J. T. Wilensky
M. Kramer
P. Dwoskin
B. H. Schemer
B Baker
M. Sobel .
D. Moscovitz
TALMUDICAL CIRCLE
AIN-YAACOB
The Talmudical Circle was organized three
years ago, under the auspices of Rabbi M.
D. Margolis, for the purpose of studying
Hagadic portions of the Talmud contained in
the book known as Ain-Yaacob. The class meets
every Saturday afternoon before the Minchah
service, and during the winter months also on
Sunday afternoons. Rev. G. Finn is instructor.
The completion of each treatise of the Talmud
is celebrated with a traditional ‘Siyum’. On
October 27th, the Talmudic Circle will cele¬
brate the completion of another tractate at
the Jewish Center to which the Jewish com¬
munity is cordially invited.
OFFICERS OF TALMUDICAL CIRCLE
Morris Sheinbaum President
A. Nabin Vice-President
J. Robin : Recording Sec’y
Jack Becker Treasurer
M. Balter : Financial Sec’y
Rev. G. Finn Instructor
Members of the Study Circle
S’. Smith Max Rubin
Lazer Becker J. gloat
Beno Becker A. Ralph
S. D. Kramer M. Sheinbaum
H. Heyman A. Nabin
J. Lapinsky J. Robin
E. Hammerman Jack Becker
L. Bloom M. Balter
Max Rose Rev. G. Finn
PUSHALOTER AID SOCIETY
The Pushaloter Aid Society was organized 23 years ago by a group of women
who came from Pushalot, a small town in Lithuania,' 3 miles from Ponivez,
Kovner district.
The society consists of 20 members who have either come from Pushalot or
have married a native Pushaloter. They meet once a month in the homes of
members.
The purpose of the organization is to aid individuals) and institutions in
Pushalot who are in need of relief. Such aid is usually sent each year preceeding
the Jewish Holidays. The society has donated a window to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center when it was built. Last year it also made a contribution of 12 Prayer
Books for the Friday night services to the Center.
Next fall the society will celebrate the 23rd anniversary of its existence which
promises to be a very interesting event.
Officers of the Pushaloter Society
Mrs. S. D. Kramer President
Mrs. 0. Margol __ 1st VicelPresident
Mrs. A. D. Kramer 2nd Vice-President
Mrs. Theodore Merlin Sec’y
Mrs. Ida Feldman Treasurer
Members of the Pushaloter Society
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Athletic Association
With the closing of the local Y.M.H.A.
building at the beginning of last year the
officers of the Center felt it their duty to
cater to the needs of the boys and girls of
this town and provide for the recreational
and athletic facilities The Center Athletic
Association was formed under the leader¬
ship of Dr. Sam Witten, Sam Bergman,
Alfred Stein, Morris Leibovvitz, and Sol¬
omon E. Cherniak for the purpose of pro¬
moting athletic activities. The Center
furnished the financial backing, and rent¬
ed the Kirby-Smith gymnasius and pro¬
vided uniforms for the teams.
The season of athletic activities proved
very successful as evident from their fol¬
lowing report of the basket ball season
submitted by Morris Leibovitz, and the
report of the diamond ball season sub¬
mitted by Dr. Witten.
BASKETBALL SEASON 1934-35
Last basket ball season the Jacksonville
Jewish Center entered its first athletic
team in the sporting world. A basketball
team was organized early in Sept. 1934.
The practices were held at night at the
Kirby-Smith Gym. About 60 candidates
turned out for the first practice. After
two practices the squad wasi cut. So many
younger boys were enthusiaastic over the
game that we decided to organize 4 mid¬
get teams in order to give all the Jewish
boys a chance to play. A leaguue was
started between these 4 teams and each
team played each other twice. New uni¬
forms were ordered for the combined
Junior and Senior team from Harry
Finkelstein Co. They were orange with
blue letters (JJC) across the chest.
We entered the Junior City League
and were leading the league, but the
games originally scheduled for night
games were changed to afternoon and
we were forced to resign from the league
due to inability of boys to play in the
afternoons.
The team won 18 games and lost 4.
Among the teams conquered were: Yel¬
low Jackets, Springfield Tigers, River¬
side, Landon Baby Lions, Fernandina
High School, Tampa, (2 games), St. Aug¬
ustine Bulldogs, Seybold Baking Co. and
many others. The lost games to Barnett
National Bank, St. Augustine Bulldogs
in a return game, Springfield Tigers,
(return game) and the T. E. P. Fratern¬
ity of Gainsville. The biggest game of
the season was when the team travelled
to Tampa Y. M. H. A. The Tampa boys
were much larger and more experienced
but we went into the game full of fight.
It was the fastest ad most exciting game
that the Jewish population had seen in
the past five years. The local team final¬
yl won after two overtime periods by
the score 29 to 28. A dance was given
in our honor after the game.
Late in the season the city Y. M. H. A.
Was re-opened and all our home games
were played on that court.
Tampa came here for a return game
and were soundly trounced by a large
score. The next game of imporance to
us was when the Jewish Center beat
the Fernindina High School on their own
Beach Casino Court 18 to 11. The play¬
ers on the squad were:
Morris Leibovit, Jack S'entler, Morris
Spivak, A1 Goldstein, Cecil Wolf son, Paul
Hoffenberg, Ben Carnot, Louie Moscovitz,
Seymour Hoffenberg, Julius Fletcher,
Meyer Leibovitz, and Joe Mizrahi.
The Girl’s team was organized late in
the season and due to the lack of exper¬
ienced players, was greatly handicapped.
By Patronizing Our Advertisers You Are Financially helping the Center
