Synagogue—Center Administration
Mr. Bowden
Comptroller
Mrs. Bernard Stegman
Secretary
Robert Fischer
Executive Director
Mrs. Florence Robin
Secretary
Mrs. Esther Fishier
Secretary
As one of the outstanding Synagogue-Centers in the
Southeast, we offer our membership a dynamic and di¬
versified program in every phase of religious, educational,
social, cultural and athletic activity. In glancing through
this book a brief summary in pictures and words depicts
our year-round activity with a bird’s-eye view of our
over-all program. Your comments concerning our opera¬
tion and your continued support are always solicited.
Special thanks are due to our office personnel in help¬
ing to carry out the many details of your Synagogue-
Center administration. My personal appreciation to Mrs.
Ann Stegman, Mrs. Florence Robin, Mrs. Esther Fishier
and Mr. Kenneth Bowden for their devoted and untiring
efforts on behalf of our synagogue. At this time I would
also like to welcome Mr. Richard N. Pokrass who has
recently joined our staff in the supervisory capacity of
administering our weddings. It is with a great deal of
pleasure that we look forward to a long and lasting
association.
On behalf of the entire administration, maintenance
and transportation staff we take this opportunity of ex¬
tending to our entire membership a Happy and Pros¬
perous New Year.
Robert Fischer, Executive Director
Mr. Richard Pokrass
Wedding Consultant
Brief Scope of Activities
Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are
held daily, morning and evening in the Chapel. Friday
Family Services, Sabbath and Holiday Services are ob¬
served in the Sanctuary.
Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish
customs are observed in connection with Circumcision,
naming of girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat
Mitzvah, Confirmations, Marriages, Conversion to Juda¬
ism, Bereavement.
Education — Daily Kindergarten with outstanding
program of secular and religious content. Hebrew School,
carefully graded with intensive Hebrew content. Sunday
School, with a curriculum including Jewish history and
customs. Foundation School, a graded secular and He¬
brew Day School, 1st through the 3rd grade.
Supplementary religious educational training is prac¬
ticed in Pre-Jr., Jr. and Teen Congregation services and
Minyan Clubs.
Extension Services — Library — outstanding collec¬
tion of juvenile and adult Jewish books. Adult Education
courses on religious and cultural Jewish subjects.
Music — a program of religious and cultural Jewish
music. Sisterhood and Men’s Club render valuable serv¬
ice to the Center and its members. Social Activities pro¬
vided by Mr. and Mrs. Club, Amity Club and “32
Club”. Family Recreation Program, summer week-days
and Sundays for all ages at our Camp Site.
Youth Activities — United Synagogue Youth,
various age levels are served by Center Youth League,
Charles Palot Club, Major's Pre-Teens, Tween-Agers.
Scouting — Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Brownies and Girl
Scouts. Athletics — programs for youth and adults.
Day Camp — A nine week summer program at our new
Camp Site.
13
