!
■ ■
Much has been said and even more has been written during the
past year as to the future of American Judaism. There are those who
are convinced that the abandonment of Judaism by the majority of
Jews in America is inevitable. There are others who are just as certain
that a golden era of creative religious achievement lies ahead.
This divergence of opinion is understandable since there is abun¬
dant evidence that both views may be correct. On the one hand there
are large segments of the Jewish community which are moving towards
extinction as Jews. Yet there are other groups which are just as
definitely moving to higher standards of Jewish living with the con¬
fidence that Judaism will not only survive but that it will flourish.
Our own synagogue can present many achievements which would
show why this confidence is warranted. The Sabbath morning attend¬
ance of both adults and children is improving. The number enrolled in
adult education continues to grow. Enrollment in the Hebrew High
School has increased, while the number of children attending Camp
Ramah has doubled and re-doubled in the last few years. The age of
Confirmation has been pushed to within one year of high school gradu¬
ation. A third grade has been added to our Day School. The daily
Minyan has been strengthened by the support of a strong nucleus of
young persons. Many additional achievements could be cited.
Much of the satisfaction from these achievements is dulled by the
thought that these successes have not involved the masses to any great
extent. One must admit that should the present patterns of Jewish
behaviour of the majority of our own synagogue continue, their ulti¬
mate abandonment of Judaism is inevitable. There are some who are
convinced that there is very little which can be done to arrest the
movement of the masses towards their extinction as Jews. Certainly
there is no challenge for those who are of this conviction.
PHILIP SELBER, President of the Congregation
The challenge, however, is great for those who
are convinced that history confirms their confi¬
dence in the resourcefulness and inner strength of
Judaism to retain its masses regardless of the
strength of the forces opposing it. What then is
the role of the conservative synagogue in meeting
this challenge? It must insist that its members be¬
come committed to the proposition that there are
certain minimum standards of conduct and ob¬
servance without which it is impossible for the
individual Jew to retain his identity with Judaism.
BURTON I. GROSSMAN
Chairman of the
Board of Directors
Past President
Adherence to standards is especially difficult for the conservative
synagogue, because it not only believes in retaining the standards in¬
herited from the past, but because it aligns itself with the forces of
historic Judaism in holding that these standards must constantly
be reviewed and adjusted to make possible and meaningful the day
to day living of life according to the Torah. Thus, when the conserva¬
tive synagogue gives credence to the experiences of the past or intensi¬
fies its efforts for greater adherence to standards as expounded by the
authoritative body within the conservative movement, it runs the
danger of being labeled orthodox. When it advocates change in prac¬
tices, it is exposed to an equally unjust charge that it is tending
towards reform.
As difficult as the task may be, we must not deviate from our basic
commitment both to tradition and to its change. Let us hope that our
synagogue will not be deterred from its determination to follow the
path of historic Judaism and that with the help of God it can succeed
in building a religiously committed membership forever linked with
the eternal ideals and aspirations of Judaism.
On behalf of the Officers and members of the Board of Directors
and the Board of Trustees, may we extend a greeting to all of our
members for a Happy New Year, in the traditional words of
“Leshanah Tovah Tikatevu”.
17
