ROSH HASHANAH 5725
APPLES AND HONEY
A very nice trait of Jewish people is their asso¬
ciation of food values with religious values. While
rabbis decry the type of Jewish identification that
places timely appetizing indulgences over timeless
authentic observances, there is no denying that
the spirits of Passover and Shavuot, Hanukkah
and Purim are warmed and enriched by designed
dietary delights. Not merely as an accedence to
human nature, but more as a positive means of
materializing tangibly the meaning and ideals of
a religious celebration, this practice has been en¬
couraged and preserved.
The Jewish New Year, too, has its symbolic
foods. Considering in fact, that Rosh Hashanah
is pre-eminently a synagogue centered occasion,
the dietary customs provide the major accent on
home observance. The usual braided challah is
replaced by one that is perfectly round, symbolizing
the fervent wish that life in the coming year will
be smooth and whole. An apple is sliced, covered
with honey, and eaten, after imploring God's will
for a sweet year.
It is the latter custom that arouses my curiosity.
The honey is obviously symbolic. Why not eat a
spoonful or a few drops of honey? Why the apple?
The apple is often tart; it has a peel which is hard
to chew, and seeds and core which are totally un¬
palatable. Whole, it may be ruddy and beautiful,
inside it may be spoiled. It is at best, partly inedible.
It is suggestive of the new year, and the reality
of life.
RABBI ARNOLD S. TURETSKY
On the outside it appears promising; inside is
mystery and uncertainty. At the very best it will
have parts that will be hard to chew, harder to
swallow. It includes sections that cannot be ingested,
they must be separated and discarded. On this
material, sometimes sour, we place a little honey.
This is the sweetness of one’s work, which is some¬
times fulfilling. It is the pleasantness of family joys,
the soothing of love, the comfort of friendship,
the inspiration of a symphony, the thrill of a book.
It does not materially change the produce of one’s
life, but it leaves a lingering taste of sweetness.
This is the best we can hope for. A mouthful
of honey would leave our taste jaded and insipid.
It is an impossible diet. The apple makes it real.
To you and all your loved ones from our house
to yours, Shanah Tovah Umetukah — a healthy,
happy and sweet New Year.
Rabbi Arnold S. Turetsky
11
