Building Fund Committee
LOUIS PORTNOY
Co-Chairman
LOUIS SAFER WILBUR MARGOL
Co-Chairman Treasurer
Scenes at our new Olympic Pool, depicting
a swimming class and diving class.
This past year saw the culmination of several years of
planning when the Center acquired a 36 acre site in the
Southside, fronting on State Road 13. The site was im¬
mediately improved with facilities for recreational activities,
including an Olympic size swimming pool and bath house,
two handball courts, tennis-basketball court, volley ball
court, two baseball fields, archery range, and children’s play
area. Improvements were also made to the 13 room, two
story house that was on the property. Many additional im¬
provements are being planned by the committee, to be made
each year as financing permits. These will include beautifica¬
tion of the site and front entrance with shrubbery, trees and
grass, construction of entrance sign, paving of the entrance
road and parking area, providing shade areas at swimming
pool.
The site plan of the property provides for future con¬
struction of a synagogue, educational building, chapel, audi¬
torium and other facilities.
The Building Fund Com¬
mittee has also continued its
responsibility for maintaining
the existing buildings at Third
and Silver Streets in excellent
condition and in meeting mort¬
gage payments.
The congregation’s con¬
tinued support of the Building
Fund Committee is vital to our
successful synagogue program.
Camp Site Committee
To meet the many demands at the new Camp Site and
to constantly improve the facilities the following committee
under the chairmanship of Irwin Gendzier and Sidney
Berkowitz was appointed to work on a year round basis to
make our future home a relaxing experience in the outdoors
during the summer months. This committee also has the
responsibility of maintaining this property during the winter
as well as the summer so that our Day Camp and Family
Recreation Program may have the best physical plant at all
times.
COMMITTEE: Chairman, Irwin Gendzier; Co-Chair¬
man, Sidney Berkowitz; Membership, Mrs. Herbert Wein¬
stein; Kitchen and Food, Morris Lipp; Pool and Bathhouses,
Robert Lasris; Grass, Nathan Sandler; Baseball Diamonds,
Abe Spiwak; Day Camp Representative, Byron Morris;
Physical Improvements, Sam Silberstein; Equipment, Larry
[aben.
TOYTOWN DISCOUNT STORES
COMPLETE LINE OF CHILDREN'S FURNITURE
EDGEWOOD SHOP, 1176 S. Edgewood 388-1325
ARLINGTON SHOP, 933 University Blvd 724-7662
SOUTHGATE SHOP, 3456 Beach Blvd 359-1 136
5140 Blanding Blvd 771-6053
1008 Dunns Ave 768-3935
3641 Philips Highway 398-01 12
COIFFURES BY CHARLES
“LATEST IN HAIR STYLES”
6082 Old St. Augustine Road
Phone 733-4545
EDMONDS REFRIGERATION CO.
SALES
NEW
SERVICE
USED
1003 Kings Ave.
387-3376
Patronize Our Advertisers — They Deserve Your Support
31
