The Center Men’s Club
This year the Center Men's Club has been in a whirl¬
wind of activities, which only could have been undertaken
by the many capable and dedicated young members. Credit
for the success of the meetings goes mainly to Gerald Sohn,
Chairman of programs, which ranged from joint meetings
with the Etz Chaim and the Temple Men’s Club to an
enlightening discussion with two gubernatorial candidates.
Helping to make the monthly dinner meetings successful
was Dave Safer, Food Chairman, whose efforts in making
our meals as delicious as always helped to bolster our
attendance.
Stanley Vandroff made the Annual Membership Affair,
which was attended by more than two hundred couples, a
tremendous success with everyone looking forward to
another gala event in 1965.
Over $1,000 was raised at the Men's Club Picnic, which
was held in conjunction with the informal Dedication of the
Center's new property. Special thanks for the success of the
annual Sunday School Picnic goes to Milton Felder and
Robert Shmunes, Stanley Kantor, Buddy Shorstein, Morton
Harris, Dave Safer, Melvin Freidlin, Jack Shorstein, Neil
Presser and Robert Fischer. These funds helped sponsor
several scholarships towards Camp Ramah which is an
integral part of our Religious School training.
In addition to the monthly affairs, the Men's Club is
always engaged in various other programs. Scholarships for
Camp Ramah and Camp Philmont, a Blood Bank under
the direction of Herbert Lewitt and Melvin Esman, an
STANLEY KANTOR,
President
adult education program, and Minyan breakfasts under the
capable supervision of Morton Harris and Bernard Heyman
are some of the activities engaged in by members of the
Men's Club.
Plans for next year are already under way to boost the
membership and all members, old and new, urged to partici¬
pate on any committee of their choice.
Top, Scene at a Monthly
Dinner Meeting.
At Left, Louis Slott spin¬
ning the wheel of fortune
at the Annual Sunday School
Picnic in the Recreation Hall
of the New Camp Site.
COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN
OFFICERS
President Stanley Kantor
V ice-Pres.-Programming....Gerald Sohn
Vice-Pres.-
M ember ship S. Robert Shorstein
Vice-Pres.-
Fund Raising Robert Shmunes
Treasurer Neil Presser
Recording Sec David Goldring
Corresponding Sec Bernard Heyman
Advisor Robert Fischer
Adult Education Marvin Lazarus
Blood Bank Melvin Esman
Food David Safer
Membership A [fair.... Stanley Vandroff
Minyan Morton Harris
School Marvin Lazarus
Social Secretary Mrs. Dora Bryan
Picnic Milton Felder
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Jordan Ansbacher, Paul Bossen, Robert Bossen, Melvin Esman, Alfred Freidlin,
Melvin Freidlin, Allan Gordon, Dr. Howard Hecht, Lawrence Jaffe, Warren Leve,
Herbert Lewitt, Morris Lipp, Ed Mass, Donald Nohrr, Edwin Presser, Jack Proctor,
Robert Roth, Jack Shorstein.
43
