TED GROSS, Principal
Religious Education
Those who have been following our program by reading the annual reports
must be impressed by the remarkable innovations that the school sponsors each
year.
The highlights of the past year s activities are led by the vast expansion
in the Ramah enrollment for the summer of 1964. When parents are willing to
send 22 children to a summer camp which is one thousand miles away from
home, they must consider that the advantages to be gained from this intensive
program are worth the additional effort.
Secondly, meaningful education must use developed skills in a continuous
fashion. The introduction of a Post-Bar Mitzvah Torah Reading class for the
main synagogue service will ensure the continuation of skills developed before
Bar Mitzvah.
i \
Intensive education is again reflected in the arrangements to open the third
V.
grade of Foundation School for the next school year. This department will now
have its own supervisor.
This has been the first year that the 12th grade students have had regular
classes in Hebrew High School, and the first year when a number of graduates
have been able to conduct classes in Hebrew School on their own. It has also
been the first year that the Sunday School Confirmation was celebrated at the
end of the 11th grade.
In-service courses, taught during the month of June, for our Sunday School
staff is the beginning of teaching in depth that has become the mark of our
educational program.
Through the development of local teachers of Hebrew, all Sunday School
students are being required to possess a knowledge of Hebrew prayers and
worship before being confirmed.
These activities have been made possible by the dedicated efforts of the
members of the staff, the Education Committee, Men’s Club, Sisterhood, and
the special committees for particular occasions.
The school curriculum will be even more intensified in the coming season,
following the announcement passed by the Center Board to the effect that the
third grade of Sunday Religious School be co-ordinated with Hebrew School
classes to provide an integrated six-hours-a-aweek course of instruction.
DR. NATHAN
SCHNEIDER
Education Chairman
MRS. HANA
ROSENZWEIG
Secretary
ARLINGTON BABY SITTING AGENCY
DEWITT CHEMICAL CO.
MATURE COMPETENT WOMEN
MARTY CAPLAN
WITH HEALTH CARDS
Representative
724-8335
3114 Honey wood Drive 725-0463
AXLE SERVICE INC.
686 N. EDGEWOOD AVENUE
388-5484
67
