Youth Activities
A strong congregation and synagogue in the future is built
through spiritual and instructive training of the youth of today.
At the Center a great deal of emphasis is placed on the proper
training and direction of the current youth in the congregation today,
and for that reason there are Center youth clubs and organizations
for children of every age level.
Serving as Director of the Youth Activities program to set the
policy for the many organizations is Robert Fischer.
Dr. Jack Rosner is Chairman of the Center Youth Commission
and in that capacity he coordinates all youth activities programs and
sets the standards for future goals. Coordinating the youth activities for
the Sisterhood is Mrs. Leon Schinasi, which organization helps to
sponsor and finance part of our youth program.
Youthful Stanley Kantor serves as Chairman of the USY program
in which he takes charge over the two U.S.Y. teenage groups, C.Y.L.
and C.P.C., which are affiliated with United Synagogue Youth as
mentioned above.
Under the direction of such capable advisors as Kantor, Buddy
Shorstein, Evelyn Brauner, Ada Hinda Block and Enid Goldberg
these two groups have rapidly gained recognition as the most in¬
fluential chapters in the Southeast Region.
Center Youth Organizations
Robert Fischer
Youth Activities Director
Dr. Jack Rosner
Youth Commission
Chairman
Center Youth League (CYL)—A co-ed U.S.Y. Chapter for 11th
and 12th graders, meeting every 2nd and 4th Sunday with varied
programs from September to May.
Charles Palot Club (CPC)—U.S.Y. Chapter for 9th and 10th grade
boys and girls, meeting throughout the school year on the 2nd
and 4th Sunday at the Center.
Major’s Pre-Teens—A co-ed youth club for 7th and 8th graders
with its programs geared to this pre-teen level, with varied social,
religious and athletic functions held monthly.
Tween-Agers—Boys and girls of the 5th and 6th grades participate
monthly in this, our youngest club.
To this list is also added our sponsorship of Boy Scouts (Troop 14),
Cub Scouts (Pack 14), Girl Scouts (Troops 6 and 193) and
Brownie Troops (210 and 269).
Stanley Kantor
USY Chairman
USY Advisory Board
U.S.Y. Advisory Board (L to R) Ada Hinda Block-CYL Advisor, Enid Goldberg-CPC Advisor, Evelyn Brauner-CYL Advisor,
(2nd row) Stanley Kantor-USY Chairman, Robert Fischer-Director of Youth Activities, and S. Robert Shorstein-CYL Advisor.
99
