First services conducted at the new site in conjunction with the preliminary dedicatory
services and Open House on Sunday, May 31. Officiating, Rahhi A. Turetsky and Cantor
A. Marion.
Affixing the mezuzah, with Sam Price Chairman of the Construction Committee placing
the final nail in the door of the existing house at the future home of the Center. Look¬
ing on left to right: Philip Selber, Center President; Jim Clements, representing the
architectural firm of Freedman and Clements; Louis Safer, Chairman of the Building
Fund; and Rahhi Turetsky.
Building for the Future
• Worship • Assembly
• Study • Recreation
THE HORIZON OF JEWISH LIFE in Jacksonville
was raised symbolically Sunday May 31 when a Mezuzah was
placed on the entrance to the rouse on a new site of land on
State Road 13. This 36 acre property purchased in November
1963, will provide, at the conclusion of an extended, many-
phased construction plan, a new home for the elaborate pro¬
gram of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. The Shaharit service
that Sunday morning, out of doors, under the great oak that
is already being called the “prayer tree”, was the first public
worship service conducted at the new site.
The broad scope of activity conducted this summer at
the new site initiated a new dimension in congregational life,
which, when added to the existing year-round schedule at the
Center will allow for the complete fulfillment of the highest
ambitions of a Synagogue Center.
The chronological history of the Center dates back to
the founding of Congregation B’nai Israel in 1901. At the
time of its incorporation in 1903, the membership had grown
from five to forty families. Acquisition of the first building
was in 1907 when membership reached 75 families. In 1927
Congregation B’nai Israel became the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, a Conservative Synagogue affiliated with the United
Synagogue of America, and changed its location to the present
site at Third and Silver streets, a landmark in Springfield
for almost four decades.
To serve the growing needs of the youth of the com¬
munity, the Activities building was started in 1950 and was
dedicated the following year. Plans were made for the com¬
plete renovation of the Sanctuary, which was completed in
1958. A new school building was finished and added to the
plant in 1959.
The real history of the Center is seen in the panorama
of generations and events over more than three score of
years. In wartime and peacetime, in depression and in pros¬
perity, in sorrow and in great joy, a dynamic and forth-right
religious response to the needs of Jewish people has been the
purpose and the achievement of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center.
Guided by the standards and concepts of the Conservative
movement and directed toward the overall religious ideal of
bringing American Jews closer to relevant Judaism on every
level of experience, the Center iinds itself now propelled with
a fresh thrust that will carry it forward to a new position of
leadership in JACKSONVILLE AND IN THE COUNTRY.
The Olympic A.A.U. Pool during construction as seen in April 1964.
Our completed Olympic Pool as shown on opening day, with Jim Clem¬
ents, Architect; Jack and Sam Price, Co-Chairmen of the Construction
Committee; Robert Fischer, Executive Director; and Herman Weiss,
member of Board of Trustees.
The completed 25 ft. circular wading pool with showerhead, being
enjoyed by youngsters at the dedication services on May 31.
The present two story, 13 room house situated at the front entrance of
our 36 acre site.
