“HAYOM HARAT OLAM -
TODAY IS THE BIRTHDAY OF THE WORLD”
“Hayom Harat Olam” is a prayer we say following the blowing of the Shofar on Rosh Hashanah. It confirms
the Jewish tradition that the New Year is celebrated as the birthday of the world and as the beginning of human
existence. More important, because it is the Jewish celebration of Rosh Hashanah and not the rather shallow
observance of the secular New Year, it should give us pause for reflection.
With the passage of time, the New Year, like all birthdays, becomes a subtle blend of happiness and sobriety.
We enjoy the New Year cards of well wishers but we realize that we are a year older and hence closer to the end of
life. We become acutely aware of the passage of time.
It is of course inevitable that we should look back upon the past—not only last year, but the whole of life, and
recognize that while we have achieved much, there is a great deal which remains unfulfilled in our life. We hope and
plan and dream but much of it remains unrealized. The overriding themes of the Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur
I season are intended to be helpful. A sense of “ A1 het” - “for the sins we have sinned”, the sense of remorse, for the
mistakes that we have made, the seeking of atonement, the promise of “Teshuvah” -the hope for change is
I fundamental to our psychological and emotional well being. No year passes without some defeat, without some
! sense of frustration and without some sense of “what might have been”. The New Year reminds us of the
¡ opportunities of renewal and beginning again.
There is no more imperious tyrant than a calendar. It is the outward reminder that we are all creatures of time.
A clock is the closest ally of the calendar. Unlike sports and athletic events we cannot “stop the clock” of life.
Worse, there is never any “replay”. The thought of our powerlessness might well paralyze us into inactivity were it
not for the holiday themes of the Mahsor, our holiday prayerbook that forces us to look elsewhere. The notion of
“Teshuvah” — that we can always return to God’s presence, to sensing His nearness by realizing the best within
ourselves is comforting. There are other ways of celebrating New Year birthdays. Perhaps it is in our awareness
that life is measured not only in days, but in deeds...that life is measured in growth. What is alive-grows. What
grows is alive. Time will take care of our getting older. We must look after our getting wiser. We are summoned on
Rosh Hashanah to resolve that the New Year will make us more understanding, more sympathetic, more deeply
touched by the affliction of others. We need also be more appreciative of the beauty around us and of the gift of life
itself. People who use the Siddur sensitively—people who truly worship are aware of this.
Unless we are prepared to accept the changes which time brings, to be reminded of the calendar, we cannot
live sensible lives. We tear off the page of the calendar after a week or month has passed. Y ester day is gone, today
is fleeting, tomorrow is always on the way. Every moment offers us an opportunity for learning, for expanding our
knowledge. The challenge of the Torah way is described in the words “and you shall meditate on it day and night.”
Every moment should be an opportunity for making the life of some individual happier and more fulfilling. Time is
suffused with the sense of eternity. The Shabbat is such a time. So is Kol Nidre. Only those who can experience
these hours when we forget time can be said to be truly alive. Living...true living, is the ability to see the enduring in
the swiftly, vanishing moment of time.
When we rise to say “Hayom harat olam” on Rosh Hashanah let us remember the true challenge of the year to
come...the true challenge of life.
The above thoughts were presented by the Portnoys with the hope that it will nurture some reflection on our
most precious possession—the gift of life.
EAST COAST FRUIT CO.
Walter Portnoy - Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
5
