Rabbi & Mrs. David Gaffney
I write this message because I must -- it is an epilogue for two weeks of summer travel
that forever will be etched in my memory.
Inge and I, along with some rabbis, Jewish communal leaders, and scholars of Eastern
European affairs, traveled to Hungary and Rumania this summer. Our intention was to
visit with Jews, their leaders, their synagogues and community institutions. We returned
with a renewed appreciation of the freedoms we enjoy in this glorious land in which we
live, coupled with the sense, of what I insist must be, the awesome reponsibility that
American Jews share.
The Rabbis of the Talmud, in a statement intended to assure their anxious and self
doubting contemporaries that Israel is an eternal people, taught that on the day the great
Rabbi Akiba died, Rabbi Judah, author of the Mishna, was born. When one generation’s
intellectual and spiritual leaders are replaced by others, the eternity of people is made
possible. Jewish historians have expressed similar sentiments about the great historical
Jewish communities of the past. They point out that the decline of Palestinian Jewry
which followed the destruction of the Temple saw the emerging ascendency of the great
communities of Babylonian Jewry, making possible the continuity of the rabbinic tradition which emerged first in Palestine.
When Babylonia’s demise was at hand, following years of oppressive Moslem rule, communities of Babylonian Jewry, making
possible the continuity of the rabbinic tradition which emerged first in Palestine. When Babylonia’s demise was at hand, following
years of oppressive Moslem rule, history witnessed the rise of the great Spanish Jewish community along with its philosophers,
poets and teachers.
These thoughts emerged into consciousness by our visit to Rumania. In community after community we saw Jewish “ghost
towns” of what were once great centers of Jewish learning, worship, piety and Hassidic fervor. Imposing synagogue structures
were being used as factories and warehouses and others, with their broken windowpanes and gathering dust served as faint
reminders of what once was. Rumanian Jewry which once numbered 800,000 souls now numbers 15,000. Half of the former
population was decimated by the Nazi hordes and most of the abundance of people fled to Israel. Despite the herculean efforts of
the charismatic personality of Rumania’s Chief Rabbi Rosen, whom I had the pleasure of meeting, Rumanian Jewry is virtually, as
one person put it, an old age home. The few small gatherings of a minyan that I encountered in a number of synagogues, when
asked, could not recall the last Bar Mitzvah they celebrated and the last time they were privileged to attend a Brit.
The conclusions drawn from this experience should be obvious. That communities are created, that they thrive and
sometimes disappear as a result of external circumstances is, historically speaking, in the nature of things. But that they might be
replaced by worthy successors, by peoples and communities that proclaim the same verities, the same principles of faith, of love
of God, of love of man, of a fidelity to our traditions and to the world in which we live - that is made possible by the sheer exercise
of the will and of the determination of a people committed to the eternity of Israel. A glorious future remains only a hope unless
people make it so. When our prayerbook states that “generation after generation will sing Thy praise”, it is not stated as a
guaranty but as a hope.
Our visit to these countries underscored what I had always known and what I feel I must convey to you; namely, that there is a
one-to-one relationship between the vitality of a synagogue and those institutions which speak to its spirit, and the vitality of a
community. We cannot exist as a proud self-conscious collection of Jews unless we recognize that certain institutions, i.e. the
synagogue, speak to the soul of what we are; to our very essence. A community cannot die, given the stability of external forces,
if the synagogue and its house of study continue to be a vital center of its people’s life. In that regard each and every Jew who
turns to the synagogue for its spiritual nourishment, for meaning and purpose in his or her life, becomes part of the hope and
promise of our history.
The High Holiday season is upon us. We will recite the words “Zochreinu L’haim” - “Remember us for life.” I am haunted by
the image, not only of a former great community of Jews in Rumania, but by all the great communities of our past, pleading,
“Remember us for life.” This prayer for life is not only
stated for our personal benefit, our individual life with its
too often preoccupation with self concerns, but also for
our collective lives. We can assure the survival of Jews
only when we have committed ourselves to the
meaningful and purposeful living inherent in Judaism.
I wish I could commit our entire congregation to
become a Jewish “sister city” to the central Rumanian
city of Tigur Morush. Its stately and beautiful synagogue
that used to serve as the center of worship for thousands
of Jews barely has a minyan on Shabbat. Tigur Morush
may be no more. We might, however, dedicate ourselves
to take its place, hence assuring not only the survival of
the principles and ideals for which those people lived, but
also to assure the growth and continued flourishing of a
people destined to live forever. This is our responsibility.
This is also our glory.
On this New Year, Inge and I and our entire family join
in wishing you and yours a year of health and happiness,
contentment and peace.
Rabbi David Gaffney
Asher Gaffney
Shalva & Mickey Schlisser
15
