SYNAGOGUE
KENNETH BOWDEN
Comptroller
CENTER ADMINISTRATION
BLANCHE SLOTT
Administrative Director
FLORENCE ROBIN
Executive Secretary
ESTHER FISHLER
Year Book/Secretary
ISABEL BALOTIN
Public Relations
INEZ ACHORD
Bookkeeper
& : #
JANET HUSNEY
Receptionist
Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are held daily, morning and
evening in the Witten Chapel. Friday Family services, Sabbath and Holiday
Services are observed throughout the entire year.
Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish customs are observed
in connection with Circumcision, Naming of Girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar
Mitzvah, Bat Mitzvah, Confirmation, Marriages, Conversion to Judaism,
Bereavement.
Education — Daily Kindergarten and Nursery & Day Care with outstanding
program of secular and religious content. Hebrew school, carefully graded
with intensive Hebrew content, including Jewish history and customs,
Sunday School for kindergarten, first and second grades: Solomon Schechter
Day School, a graded secular and Hebrew School, 1st through 7th grades;
Hebrew High School with Pre-Jr. and Junior Congregations and Minyanaire.
Extension Services — Library, outstanding collection of juvenile and adult
Jewish books; Adult Education, religious and cultural Jewish courses; music
programs of religious and cultural Jewish music; P.T.A.; Sisterhood,
Ha’Rayim, a fellowship of young families; Center Couples Club, social
activities provided by Mr. and Mrs. Club, Single Adults; Family Recreation
Program (Olympic pool), summer week-days and Sundays for all ages.
Youth Activities — ATID for college age youth; United Synagogue Youth,
various age levels are served by Center Youth League, Charles Palot Club,
Kadima, Chalutzim, Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Girl Scouts, Brownies; Sunday
Funday; athletics, programs for youth and adults; Center Day Camp and
summer program at our 36 acre site on San Jose Blvd.
Family Recreation Program — Center Campsite . . . swimming, athletics,
snack bar; available for members during the summer months. Campsite
includes olympic-size swimming pool, 2 tennis courts, baseball, soccer and
football fields and playground.
For additional information, call the Center office — 268-6736
17
