Message From The President
NATHAN KRESTUL
Dear Friends,
As I look back on my first year as your president, there is much
satisfaction in my recollections.
Our programs and activities have continued to progress. Some
notable areas of which we can take pride are our religious, educational and
service activities.
With the help of our dedicated staff led by Rabbi Gaffney and our
hard working lay leadership we have funded our largest-ever operating
budget. Our schools have broadened their age spread by adding new
programs for two year olds and by establishing a new seventh grade. With
new programs and returning pupils our schools will be at a record
enrollment level. Our congregation should note and be proud of the
continuing scholastic success of many of our school alumni.
The enthusiastic participation of our Minyan captains and their “regulars” on a weekly basis gives us a solid
backbone for our religious programs. Our Adult Education, Hebrew Literacy, Library, Sisterhood and Minyanaire
programs have all added to the ambiance of our congregation. The social and special events activities of our
congregation have gotten city wide recognition for our Center.
For the coming year we need to continue our strong efforts and to work to strengthen our weaker areas. In
order to do this, we need the cooperation of all of our members. One good way to accomplish our goals is by using
volunteer effort. If all of our membership will give us a small amount of time and effort in one of many activities or
committees, it will enable the congregation to spread the work load and to service all areas of need. To do all the
jobs we want to cover we need more manpower. Please make your interests and availability known to the Center
office so that the administration can work to solve some more of our problems.
It is with much satisfaction and some frustration that we enter the second year of my administration. If you,
the congregation, will continue your support our efforts will be rewarded with success.
In closing, I wish to thank my wife Carolyn for her patience and help while I am on loan to the congregation.
Le Shana Tovah Tikatevu,
Nathan Krestul, President
The Krestuls: Charles, Miriam, Nate, Carolyn and JoAnne
21
