COUPLE’S
CLUBS
The Couple’s Clubs of the Center invite all Jewish couples of the community to join them and
to become part of a fun-loving, spirited and congenial group.
Both groups are strictly social and rarely raise funds. Their goals are to provide pleasant
environments where Jewish couples can get together and have enjoyable evenings at a
reasonable cost.
Couples’ Club
The Center Couples’ Club is newly formed and continues to attract new couples who are 35
and over. If you fall into this age group call Karen or Lou Nathanson, 737-5411.
There is no reason why you should be lonely on a Saturday night, come join us.
Ha’Rayim
What do wine and cheese parties, picnics, softball, Hawaiian Luau and friendship have to do
with Ha’Rayim? Everthing!
This is just a sample of what Ha’Rayim did last year. We are a groups of Jewish couples who
enjoy each other’s company. When we all get together, we always have fun regardless of what we
Center Couples’ Club
Karen & Lou Nathanson
do.
This year is going to be our most exciting ever. Several of our new members have brought fresh
ideas and enthusiasm to our group.
We are not a fund raising organization. Our goal is to provide a pleasant environment where
Jewish couples can get together and have an enjoyable time for a reasonable amount. Please join
us for our next function. There will be one soon!
Newly married and young couples within the 20-35 year old age span are welcome to join
HA’RAYIM. Call Bonnie or Neil Sandler for information, 731-1143.
Mr. & Mrs. Club: For mature & lively couples
- see page 227
Ha’Rayim
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
MANDARIN-SOUTHSIDE
New Construction & Repairs
Sewer & Drain Cleaning
LOSCO’S
PLUMBING
24 Hours
3780 Kori Road
268-2977
EMERGENCY SERVICE
CERT #P-74
IF NO ANSWER DIAL
641-0118
Best Western
Jacksonville
University Blvd. at l-95S
• Commercial Rates
• 87 Rooms
• Heated Pool
• Tennis Court
• 3 Miles to Gator Bowl
• Meeting Rooms
• Banquet Rooms
• Townhouse Available
737-1690
5221 W. University Blvd.
Jacksonville, Florida
Formerly Quality Inn South
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
37
