The World of Our Grandparents
Children of the shtetl Cheder shuckle over their
Aleph Bet
“The World of Our Grandparents/’ like the world it depicted so beautifully, is
now history. But like the shtetl “niggun” — the shtetl melody, the music and the
memory linger on. The “happening” which transported literally thousands of
visitors to the shtetl of Eastern Europe was one of the most extraordinary
events to take place at the Center and in the community, for as long as one can
remember. The event was a success beyond all expectations.
The special beauty of the “World of Our Grandparents” was in the joy it brought
to so many people of different ages . . . the participation of adults and children,
staff and lay people, the “bubbas” and the “zeydes,” the “tatehs” and “mamas”
and the “kinderlach”. Everyone experienced the living of life of days gone by, in
food and in costume, in language and in texture . . . the life of Eastern Europe.
Rabbi Kentoi thanks Barney Margolin, who co-ordinated the
talent and Suzi Roey who co-ordinated WOGP
The Sabbath booth radiated a special warmth
The fourth graders presented a Passover skit which included many songs
Our gratitude is extended to the countless workers
and volunteers who served throughout the day.
Without the contributions of time and energy oi each
individual, we could never have made the shtetl the
success that it was.
But these are only the stars and the stage hands. The
real credits for all the planning go to Rabbi Dov
Kentof for his vision and ingenuity ... for his unique
ability to dream and implement, for his willingness to
work tirelessly the many weeks that it took to make
this dream a reality. Rabbi Kentof was “our producer”
and at his side kudos are extended to his director,
Suzi Roey, who coordinated, planned, worked and
labored to achieve this extraordinary success.
Another outstanding facet of the “shtett” experience
was the delicious variety of home-made foods served.
We are indebted to Lois Markowtiz for co¬
ordinating this extraordinary project.
43
