Jacksonville Chevra Kaddisha
Officers Standing: Alan Taffet, Nathan Sandier,
Simon Selber; Seated: Joel Bressler, Bea Browdy
Standing: Bea Browdy, Max Shmunes, Nathan Shmunes, Nathan Sandler, Simon
Selber, Joel Bressler, Dr. Michael Greenburg, Babs Goldstein. Seated: Dr. Cheryl
Rosenblatt, Ann Shmunes, Laurie Benwick, Esther Fain (Talpalar), Linda Bressler
and Lil Meizlik
The officers are: President - Joel Bressler; Vice-President - Nathan Sandler; Treasurer - Alan Taffet; Secretary Chary
Greenberg; Telephone chairperson - Ann and Nathan Shmunes. Other members are:Linda Bressler, Bea Browdy, Laurie
Benwick, Esther Fain (Talpalar), Babs Goldstein, Michael Greenburg, David Mizrahi, Max Shmunes, Simon Selber, Anita
Solomon, and Cheryl Rosenblatt.
Music, Flowers, Fancy Clothes, and a guest of honor-a-party? No, An American Funeral complete with a fancy brass coffin
hermetically sealed on embalmed, and made-up contents meant to withstand the wear and tear of time. Volumes have been
written about the mentally unhealthy aspects of the American funeral’s trappings that are all denials of death in one form or other.
By contrast the Jewish way of mourning is not only psychologically sound but is actually helpful and healing by allowing death to
be confronted realistically and grief to be worked through its stages. The Jewish way of death is one part of a philosophy of life in
which all people are endowed with dignity and given respect. Even after death, the body which once held a human soul retains its
sanctity. Our sages have compared a corpse to an impared Torah scroll which, although no longer useable, retains its holiness.
The body of the deceased is attended by a shomer (guard) from death until burial. The importance of this mitzva is emphasized
by the fact that the shomer is relieved of all other religious obligations during his watch. The tahara (ritual washing) and dressing
in the tachrichim (shrouds) which are plain white linen garments, are done by a committee of the Chevra Kaddisha. Then the
body is placed in a plain wooden coffin. The tachrichim and the plain wooden coffin have become a symbol of the equality we all
share in death. Their use was instituted more that 2000 years ago by the Rambam Gamliel who expressed his desire to be buried
in the plain linen shrouds and in an unadorned casket.
Since burial is prompt, usually within 24 hours, no embalming, or cosmetic work or public viewing is allowed. These practices,
along with cremation, are viewed by the Jewish community around the world as mutilation and desecration of the human
remains. The Jewish community also discourages the use of flowers at the funeral or in the home where shiva is being observed.
It is customary that the money ordinarily spent on fancy flowers, clothes and caskets be spent on the favorite charity of the
person who has died.
The work of the Chevra Kaddisha is considered a chesed shel emet, an act of loving kindness performed without ulterior
motive because the dead cannot repay this act of kindness. The Jacksonville community is fortunate to have a functioning
Chevra Kaddisha active since 1974. The members perform the necessary tasks on a rotating basis in committees of two men or
two women. New members are welcome and needed to continue these services important to our fellow Jews.
Meyer & Beth Leibo
in memory of his mother
Ellen Leibo
Lane & Erica Leibo
in memory of their grandmother
Ellen Leibo
48
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
