Henry Kramer Library
And
Resource Center
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Chairman Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman TobiMeisel
Committee May Goldie Stillman, Diane Fages,
Lillian Meizlik, Eva Weinshelbaum,
Hermine Newman, Florence Schreiber,
Gene Kornblum, Lauren Rothstein,
Roselyn Selber
Minnie Schreiber
Chairman-Library Committee
Our attractive library has been beautifully furnished and library equipped throughthe
generosity of Mrs. Henry Kramer. It has been the work of our staff and our volunteers
that has made it possible for our tremendous progress from our modest beginning in 1955 on 3rd and Silver Streets. Roselyn
Selber started our first Library - aSunday School Library. One of her coworkers was Charlotte Glossman, blessed memory, who
served as our Librarian for twenty years. Her dedication and devotion was a major factor in the growth of our Library.
In memory of Charlotte Glossman a special book circulation program after Shabbat services was provided during the
summer under the direction of Mrs. Lillian Meizlik.
Meanwhile volunteer committee members May Goldie Stillman and Diane Fages have devoted many hours to insure the
smooth operation of the adult collection.
The Solomon Schechter Day School was kept open several months in the beginning of the school year by a group of
mothers and grandmothers under the direction of Lauren Rothstein. Volunteers Sharon Witten, Eva Weinshelbaum, Carol
Schneider, Shirley Bielski, Maxine Funk, Debbie Gottlieb, Ginger Proctor, Marilyn Mass and Lauren Rothstein kept the Library
open for the children to enjoy reading. We obtained the services of Mrs. Nora Freedman who served beautifully as a part time
Librarian for the rest of the school year.
The Solomon Schechter Day School added many new books to the shelves of the Day School Library with a gift book
certificate program honoring special events. The PTA was most generous in their contributions of time and money. As a result
the teachers and the children enjoyed the many new books, and the time they spent in the library was an important factor in the
learning process.
Jewish Book Month was celebrated with the dedication of the Rita Gendzier Judaica collection purchased with funds
contributed to the Rita Gendzier Library Fund. This was spearheaded by a Library subcommittee, Florence Schreiber, Hermine
Newman and Tobi Meisel, Chairman.
Christopher’s
Beautiful Shoes
Lakewood Plaza
1522 University Blvd. W.
Phone 731-3332
Deerwood Village
9858 Baymeadows Road
Phone 642-3558
49
