Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Day Camp 1981
Where everyday is an adventure
OUR GOALS
Camping can be one of the most meaningful experiences
a child will ever have. Our Camp offers not only a
situation in which children can learn and develop by
interacting with other children, but it offers a full scope of
activites designed to make a child aware of our Jewish
heritage, to develop new friendships, enjoy the wonders
of nature that may be found on our large wooded
campsite and the importance of active sports.
The Center Day Camp is unique in the fact that few other
camps offer such a wide variety of activities at such a
nominal cost. Now is the time to enroll your children. We
do hope that they will join us for the eight exciting weeks
of summer fun and growth.
1981 Day Camp Staff
Administrative Director
Program Director
Office Manager
Food Manager
Shelley Kulchin
Judith Reppert
Rhoda Goldstein
Blanche Slott
An experienced adult staff and mature, sensitive
counselors work together to provide a unique and
rewarding experience for all campers.
Top to bottom and left to right - Norma Bell, Rhoda Goldstein, Judy
Reppert (Program Director), Missy Levine, Tim Vervey, Jill Husney,
Arlene Feldman, Fe Hibel, Andrew Hoppen, Bill Meisel, Bruce Hibel, Edna
Naveh, Shelley Kulchin (Director), Wendy Verstandig, Jill Goldstein,
Wendy Hirsch, Lisa Kaufman, Holly Dushoff, Erica Jacobson, Jean
Goldring. Not pictured: Susan Zucker, Arts and Crafts, Kim Albertson,
Melissa Setzer, Blanche Slott and Eunice, our cook.
COUNSELORS -IN-TRAINING
(C.I.T’s)
Our C.l.T. program is for a group of interested and
mature 8th and 9th graders. Counselor-in-training is part
of a balanced program that includes training through
speakers, discussion groups, supervised experience
working with campers, and enjoyable recreational
activities. The program emphasizes self-development, as
well as the developments of camp skills, the dynamics of
working with groups and individual guidance.
C.I.T.’S
Top to bottom, left to right - Frank Levine, David Osofsky,. Cindy
Kaufman, Cindy Goldstein, Ali Klein, Sam Sacks, Bruce Hibel (CIT)
Director), Andrew Ruby. Middle - Lon Gilbert, Tammy Setzer, Jonathan
Vitsky. Bottom - Adam Jacobson, Michael Lublin. Not pictured - Roy
Pomeranz, Bart Chepenik, Billy Cantor.
Ill
