Doo Kentof
DÍRectoR op Eócicatíon & Yocitto
Rabbi Dov Kentof
With the coming of the new school year, I am most excited and pleased
with the promise of an even more intensive and creative program for all
of our students. Included in the curriculum will be the increased
awareness of the Jewish current events as well as improved reading
skills and knowledge of the prayer book. Our students should become
more actively involved in the practice of daily ritual and holiday observance as a result of the creative approach our
teachers will utilize in their classrooms.
As our numbers increase in the Junior Congregation and Shabbat Classes, it is most assuring to note the pride
which each of our students is gaining as they strive for perfect attendance and to have their name on the Rabbi’s
list. But it is most rewarding to see so many young people actively involved in a Saturday morning service -- each of
them having the opportunity to participate and to recognize and acknowledge the feeling of love of Torah.
This year the Judaica High School students will have a “new” adventure into education with the advent of dynamic
speakers and assemblies. Also, our staff is a very strong one and eager to take on the challenge of our young
people. The curriculum should excite and motivate those students who will take advantage of the opportunity that
awaits each of them.
Sunday School is a most innovative and creative approach to our young people Kindergarten through Second
grade. Included is an introduction to Hebrew, an exploration of our history through various Bible Heroes, and a
study of the ritual and holiday observance.
Our most positive statement for our youth is the leadership of our youth groups. Together, the advisors, boards,
and I have planned a calendar of fun, challenge and spiritually meaningful and dynamic programming for
CHALUTZIM, KADIMA and USY. All of the groups will be working together on a synagogue mitzvah day, and
with canoe trips, Simchat Torah, Honey Cake packages for Mt. Carmel, family retreats, Raising your Parents,
Who am I?, Inter-faith Seder, Teenage Values, our youngsters will be busily engaged in a balanced program of
educational, spiritual, and fun-loving activities in the atmosphere of our synagogue and Jewish home.
It is my hope that our programs will touch some of you or maybe “most” of you, and that you and your family will
help us grow as we try to broaden your children’s Jewish horizons.
Alina, Tali, Gil and I would like to take this opportunity to wish you a healthy and happy New Year.
Best regards,
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Director of Education/Youth
185
