CUB SCOUTS PACK 14
Cub scouting is an introduction to Boy Scouts and plays an outstanding role for boys between the ages of 8 and 10. The boys
advance from Wolf to Bear and then on to Webelos. In this day and age when there are so many temptations, our boys find
themselves interested in completing their achievements toward a higher rank, and participating in the monthly pack meeting.
There, they put on skits and show off their craft. During the year, they share in many new and different experiences -- Annual
Pinewood and Rocket Derby, Scout Sabbath, and the Blue and Gold Banquet. Each year, the LARRY HACKER CUB SCOUT
AWARD is presented to the Cub with the best attendance. His name is placed on a permanent plaque that remains at the
Center.
The Center is very indebted to Mr. Lanny Zimmerman for all of his dedication to the Cub Scout program, and know that he will
be needing your support for the coming year. If you can be of some help, please call Mrs. Shelly Kulchin at the Jewish Center.
Cub Scout Activities
1980-81
August 26 Orientation
October 5 .. Mayport Navy Ship tour and Show Biz Pizza
November 9 UNF Fishing Trip and Hike
January 29 Pinewood Derby Grand Prix Car Race
February 27 Scout Sabbath
March 1 Blue and Gold Banquet
March 26 Rocket Derby
May Cub overnight-Father and Son Campout
Cub Scout Rocket Derby 1981
Center Scout Committee
L-R - Clara Mann, Girl Scout Leader, Shelley Kulchin, Recreation co¬
ordinator, Lanny Zimmerman, Scoutmaster, Billy Wilensky, Assistant Boy
Scout Leader, Randall Silverberg, Boy Scout Leader
Cub Scout Committee
Lanny Zimmerman - Cubmaster
Lary Resnick
Richard Miller
Steve Davis
Dr. Leo Davis
Cal Eisenberg
Proud dads, Dr. Ron Singal and Abel Bielski look on
as their sons receive their badges
Robert Damesek
Shelley Kulchin
Den Leaders
Marsha Storch
Judy Davis
The tour of Mayport was truly exciting for
scouts and parents alike
Cub Scout & Achievement awards were received by
Doug Davis and Eric Eisenberg
Cubmaster Lanny Zimmerman fixes a
rocket
197
