Summer is for
. . MEANINGFUL JEWISH EXPERIENCES AT CAMP RAMAH
—the most fabulous experience of their teenage lives.
A place to meet Jewish kids and adults from many
parts of the country and Israel in an atmosphere of
Jewish Learning and Jewish Life as they have never
lived before . . . with SHABBAT they will never forget.
Ramah is a quality summer life for your children ... it is
friendships, learning and fun. It is “Guys and Dolls” in
Hebrew with singing and dancing costumes and laughter. RAMAH is a dining
room thanking God for our food after a meal, and minutes later songs and
excitement for evening activity announcements. RAMAH helps our kids feel
comfortable as Jews - and this lasts a lifetime - think about RAMAH for your
children entering grades 5 through grade 11 - for the summer of 1982. Think
about RAMAH as a gift that could help a child to make choices and decisions in
a difficult world.
Front row L-R - Stephanie Gray, Beth Greenburg, Cheryl
Bossen, Manya Lazarus. Back row - Jonathan Gray, Steven
Shapiro, David Lazarus and Horty Gendzier. Center co¬
ordinator for Ramah Camers. Not pictured - Judith and Simeon
Abramson, Richie and Melissa Roey, Colman Brodsky,
Stephanie Katz, Todd Berman.
. . . TOURING THE U S A. WITH U.S.Y.
Janet Jacobson
When we think of summer our thoughts turn to summer camp for our high school
students, who have grown out of the usual sleep-away camps. Why not investigate
the possibilities of “USY on Wheels?” This program is designed for high school
students and provides the opportunity for students to travel as a group across the
country, well-chaperoned with teenagers from all parts of the U.S.
The trip is geared to the interests of teenagers. The group goes coast-to-coast, seeing Big Sur and San Francisco,
spending Shabbat outdoors in a national park, and visiting many parts of our country. Most of all, they do it as
Jews, learning that one can see America and be a Jew, that they can have fun as observant Conservative Jews.
. . . EXPERIENCING ISRAEL
. . . Not for a summer, but for a lifetime.
The USY Israel Pilgrimage 1981 is a summer in Israel which incorporates living contemporary Judaism, including
Shabbat and Kashrut, with the study of their heritage.
In addition to spending a delightful summer with their Israeli peers, our Pilgrims also develop lifelong friendships
with their traveling companions from some of the finest homes in the United States and Canada - close associa¬
tions which continue upon the Pilgrims return to their homes and form everlasting bonds with their Israeli friends.
USY pilgrims stay in hotels and youth villages . . . and are given opportunities to relate to everyday life in Israel...
to observe the blending of diverse backgrounds into a united people ... to understand the facts and problems of
life in Israel... to visit the Old City of Jerusalem, the Art Colony in Tzfat... a boat ride on the Kinneret. These are
just a sampling of what your children can experience.
■HP
Ian Mann
Kadima
Joelle Balotin
Billy Cantor
Bart Chepenik
Cindy Goldstein
Eileen Greenbaum
Michael Freedman
Dina Levin
Ozzie Schindler
Alyse Slaff
U.S.Y.
Laura Zel
Jodi Roey
Jill Goldstein
Stacy Pollock
Irene Mann
Andrew Kulchin
Michael Levin
Sam Kersun
Charles Krestul
Holly Sandler
Ronn Manassee
Ian Mann
Gil Kentof
Marcy Greenspoon
Wendy Verstandig
Barbara Rothschild
. . . BUILDING JEWISH PRIDE AT L.T.I.
Jewish Identity for Jewish survival is a
fundamental and primary goal of Camp USY
and Kadima. Unlike the school setting- the
child at camp is exposed to positive Jewish
experiences within the context of living
situations. Children experience the beauty of
Judaism in a relaxed and enjoyable
environment of a summer camp. This camp is
held in August of each year, and is available for
any USY or Kadima member.
Camp Scholarships
Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish purposes. The proceeds from his trust
fund are used for Ramah Scholarships.
The family of the late Robert J. Gordon, of blessed memory, have generously established a scholarship in his
name specifically for Camp Ramah.
Donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Fund, and the Sisterhood Ramah Scholarships all are used to help defray
the costs of attending Ramah.
193
