LEWIS MEISEL, President
ELLIOT PALEVSKY, M.A., Executive Director
Administrative Associates
MRS. FRANK DYAL
MARTIN GOETZ
SIDNEY ENTMAN, A.C.S.W., Executive Director Emeritus
Elliot Palevsky
Hebrew Home for the Aged
Officers
President Lewis Meisel
President Elect Herman Paul
Treasurer Martin Wolf
Secretary Peter Winterfield
Chairman, Board of Trustees Jack Coleman
Vice Presidents
Chairman of Admissions Board ... Dr. Michael M. Greenburg
Co-Chairman Admissions Board Brent Turbow
Co-Chairman Admissions Board Mrs. Abe Horovitz
House Committee Jack Price
Life Enrichment Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
Public Relations Mrs. Nathan B. Gold
Chairman, Medical Board Dr. Harry Yoffee
Co-Chairman, Medical Board Dr. Melvin Newman
Endowment Board
Chairman Norman Hofheimer
Lewis Meisel
“HEMSHEKH” and River Garden
“Hemshekh” as an ongoing reality is central to Jewish life. The word, simply translated, means “continuity.” Throughout
our history, it has been imbued with all of the meanings and qualities necessary for Jewish survival. It brings to mind an
unbroken thread, woven into many patterns, creating over time a fabric of integrity and evolving beauty. River Garden is
both a place of “Hemshekh” and a source of “Hemshekh.”
To allow for the continuation of Jewish life at every level, the Home observes Kashruth, the Sabbath and holidays. The rich
activity programming is shaped by aspects of Jewish culture, celebration and community involvement. If this program of
religious activity is to be maintained, members of the several local congregations must fulfill their obligation to attend and
participate regularly in the religious services held at River Garden. The River Garden Chapel was recently dedicated in honor
of Dr. and Mrs. Sam Witten on the occasion of their 50th anniversary.
Many residents have a deep need to attend religious services yet are no longer able to perform these services, nor are there
sufficient able men to form a Minyan. Special care needs can be met within the community because of River Garden. In turn, it
is up to the community to make it possible for River Garden to remain a place of Jewish “Hemshekh.”
River Garden is also a place of continuity, on a person-to-person level. Some ’’homes may have as a goal, relieving the older
resident of all personal responsibility and relieving the families of ongoing inter-personal responsibility. At River Garden, our
goal is to provide for and do that which the resident (and family) are incapable of doing due to chronic disabilities or short term
problems, in order to allow each resident to continue living as fully as possible, using existing areas of strength and ability. We
will not patronize of infantilize our elders by taking over those functions or responsibilities which they are capable of handling.
To do the latter, even when requested, would result in a loss of self-respect and sense of competence. This is often followed by
the feeling that there is no reason to continue living. We will also not intrude upon the normal continuing responsibilities of
families toward their elder members. On the contrary, we will do all in our power to reinforce this important aspect of human
relations, which is central to the Jewish tradition. The mandate of the Fifth Commandment is a personal one.
The median age of the residents at River Garden is 86. We recognize that opportunities for continued growth and
development,the experience of newness, is important at every age. Therefore, we attempt to provide both opportunity and
motivation for such experience. We also recognize that the individual already has well-formed personality and character
traits. It is our goal to allow the person to continue comfortable patterns and meanings within the constraints of the
institutional community. This is not the time to reform or reshape, but to continue creatively. In all these way, River Garden is
a place of “Hemshekh.”
The Home is also a source of “Hemshekh.” Most families in small Jewish communities must look far from home to find a
facility that can meet special geriatric care needs within a Jewish environment. The fact that Jacksonville has a Home, the
quality, size and sophistication of River Garden means that close family ties and friendships can- continue within the local
setting. Most older people today receive needed medical supervision and help with activities of daily living in their own home.
The care givers are usually a more able spouse and/or the person’s children.
When care needs become so complex and intense that they cannot reasonably be met within the family and general
community, attempts at meeting such needs can become destructive to family and personal relationships. At this point, River
Garden becomes the care giver, making it possible for personal and familiar relationships to continue. The ongoing person-to-
person and inter-generational contact which River Garden thus makes possible, is vital to family continuity, the passing on of
Jewish values, traditions and identity.
The human service and resident care philosophies of the Home are deeply rooted in Jewish ethics, social and religious
values. Community support of the Home is an ongoing actualization of the Jewish values of human and social responsibility.
River Garden is itself a community in which Jewish living, activity and creativity take place. For many within the Jewish
community, working with River Garden as a trustee or volunteer is an important expression of their Jewish identity. The
larger community perceives River Garden as representative of Jewish social, ethical and service commitments.
River Garden reminds us and gives us the opportunity to continue vital elements of Jewish living both as individuals and as a
community. In short, “Hemshekh.”
213
