Mount Carmel Gardens
Officers 81-82
President MitziShumer
1st Vice-Pres. .. Mary Foor
2nd Vice-Pres Della Billingsly
3rd Vice-Pres . George Blitzer
Secretary Mildred Shafner
Corresponding Secretary Edna Thomas
Treasurer Lona Isaac
5864 Mount Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, Florida
Mount Carmel Gardens has become very well know in our Community-and the newspapers and television have occasionally
covered some of our numerous activities. Our volunteers are always ready with their services, be it to help in the Kosher
Nutrition Center; to act as teachers’ aids (we have the largest group of school volunteers in the city); help in Senior projects, such
as the MOB; roll bandages for the Cancer Society; work at Channel 7 T.V.; forming a chapter for A.A.R.P.; and collect monies
for charities. On our Brag Wall in our auditorium we have awards from Leukemia, Multiple Sclerosis, Muscular Dystrophy,
American Heart Association, Health and Rehabilitative Services and from our Mayor.
Among the many things done this year at Mount Carmel: the Mott Foundation Grant has put bus transportation within the reach
of all Seniors here; Fannie Kaufman received the National Award of $500, plus $500 for Englewood School, plus a big write-up in
50-Plus Magazine, for her work in the community; Elsie Casey was chosen outstanding painter and “Best in Show” at several art
exhibits; Israel Schemer was selected to play the star role in the publicity for the Mayor’s Older Buddies (MOB), playing on all
local television channels; and Arthur Stern was chosen “Citizen of the Year” at the Senior Citizen 20th Anniversary celebration
and was presented with a beautiful plaque.
The Carmel Entertainers have been recognized for their outstanding showmanship, under the direction of LaWanda Rampino,
with Fannie Kaufman accompanying. They have the honor of being the official group to entertain for the Mayor at City functions.
Our Carmel Singers also go out and entertain, under the direction of Jim Jarrard. Both the Singers and Entertainers are on call
and have brought much pleasure to many convalescent homes, organizations and groups, wherever or whenever they are
asked.
Our educational and social activities are many and here too, many volunteers contribute their work so that there is always fun
and interesting projects in which all may participate.
AH in all Mount Carmel is a large group of dedicated people, working together to make the best of everything possible for
everyone. We are indeed thankful for our many blessings.
Contributed by Pauline Schemer, for the 1981—1982 Center Year Book
FLAGSHIP BANK
OF JACKSONVILLE
Prudential/Arlington/North/South
ALL THE BANK YOG’LL EVER NEEDSM
Members: F.D.I.C.
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
217
