DR. RONALD ELINOFF
President
Jacksonville
Jewisli
cFederatioii
GERALD L. GOLDSMITH
Executive Director
OFFICERS
Dr. Ronald Elinoff, President
Martin Edwards, 1st Vice President
Thelma Nied, 2nd Vice President
Bernard Shainbrown, Treasurer
Lois Chepenik, Secretary
BOARD
Sybil Ansbacher
Alan Chepenik
Jack Coleman
Pepi Dunay
Matt Edelman
Joe Ellovich
David Epstein
Jerry Fisher
Sam Friedlander
Beverly Goldstein
Alan Gordon
Jay Graff
Milton Flecht
Irene Jaffa
Richard Jaffa
Sheri Jaffa
Mimi Kersun
Michael Lissner
Sol Proctor
David Robbins
Dr. Samuel Rosenthal
Joe P. Safer
Dr. David Sail
Aaron Scharf
Barry M. Schuster
Faye Silverman
Judy Silverman
Steve Silverman
Phyllis Vandroff
Bunny Witten
Barry Zisser
Eliot Zisser
STAFF
Gerald L. Goldsmith, Executive Director
Ruth Slutzah, Administrative Assistant
Iris Tekel, Community Services Director
Ruth Seebol, Secretary
Iris Goldman, Community Services Secretary
Mary McFarland, Receptionist
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation made a commitment several years ago to
enhance the quality of Jewish life throughout our community. This past year saw
the onset of several major programs which have moved the community
significantly closer to the type of Jewish community we would all like to live in.
Many of these programs are under the auspices of the Dept, of Community
Services. This Dept, has had a major staff change with Iris Tekel assuming the
position of Director of Community Services.
During this past year, the Dept, of Community Services was responsible for
the implementation of a Kosher Nutrition Program. The program has become a
model throughout Duval County. The program was established through a
coalition developed by the Federation and included Jewish Family Children’s
Services and its Director, Larry, Reckow, as well as River Garden Hebrew Home
for the Aged and its Director, Elliott Palevsky, and Staff Associate, Martin Goetz.
The Community Services Dept, also coordinated several significant programs
for community youth which were again addressed through a community coalition
process. Rabbi Dov Kentof chaired a Community Youth Program involving all four
congregations as well as unaffiliated youth. This program was funded through and
coordinated by the Federation. In addition, Rabbi Marc Volk chaired a similar
coalition involving the Educators of the four congregations and of Gan Yeladim.
Federation funds were translated into a dynamic community teacher training
program.
During the coming year the Federation will be moving into its new office
building on Old St. Augustine Rd. Our Community Services will expand
considerably, particularly in the areas of family life education. These programs will
be provided in a variety of formats working with and through the four
congregations, River Garden and Jewish Family & Children’s Services. We will
also expand our Leadership Development efforts so that future leadership will be
cultivated and available when needed.
The Federation will continue to conduct the Annual Combined Jewish Appeal
which raises monies for our local agencies as well as the United Jewish Appeal and
national organizations. The Federation has made major increases in its
commitment to both our local Jewish Family & Children’s Services and the River
Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged. Our Russian Resettlement program
continues to be a model program throughout the southeast part of the United
States. Federation programs will continued to provide services in areas such as
Senior Citizen programming, Single Parent Family programming, College Age
programs, Jewish Singles in their 30’s and 40’s, etc.
The Federation provides a vehicle for service to our community and it is the
hope of the Officers and Board that we unify our Jewish community for the
betterment of all individuals and organizations.
209
