Officers - 1981
River Garden Auxiliary
President Mrs. Stuart Walters
First Vice President Mrs. Jack Price
Second Vice President Mrs. Jack Dittman
One of the many pleasures of the Ladies Auxiliary of
River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged is to help the
residents retain that special feeling of a normal home and
social life.
Third Vice President Mrs. Rubin Janofsky
Financial Secretary Mrs. Mitchell Peltz
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Karl Frisch
Recording Secretary Mrs. Ted Freedman
Executive Secretary Mrs. Gerald Fisher
General Treasurer Mrs. Manual Katz
Parliamentarian Mrs. Sidney Entman
Through research in medicine and the competency of
our staff, the residents are able to enjoy a more complete
life-style. We hope that the evergrowing membership and
board will be able to continue this concept for many years.
Through the conscientious work of membership and
board of the Auxiliary, this year has been a very successful
one financially.
Among our sources of income are the following:
Memorial Plaques, Social Printing, Linen Shower, Tree of
Life, Tombola and Donor. The latest project is a
commerative plaque donated by the Bonnett Family in
memory of their parents. The motif “Honor Thy Mother
and Thy Father” which is the Fifth Commandment, is very
fitting. The tablet is on the West wall of River Garden for the
entire community as well as residents to admire.
As a result of our being able to raise our funds we have purchased terry robes which allow the residents to come from the
showers with dignity; new dining room chairs for greater comfort, and as of this writing, five whirlpools for therapy.
Our new social project being developed enables an Auxiliary member to take a resident “Out To Lunch”. The surprise
element brings added pleasure to the residents selected each month.
We are pleased to share special holiday celebrations with the residents: a carnival for Purim, a Channuka party and special
programs for Mothers Day and for Fathers Day.
Two years ago when our Volunteer Program started, there were only forty members and now it has grown to over 100.
There is an ever growing need for more volunteers to help the residents with their many needs. Please contact our Coordinator,
Eleanore Dorman at 389-3665 extension 232.
The fullest cooperation of the Auxiliary’s membership and board will insure a richer year for the residents of River Garden.
As incoming President, I look forward to working with our membership, board, staff and community toward a fuller and richer
year ahead. Marilyn Waters, President
Compliments
LEW ELECTRICAL SUPPLY COMPANY
LEW MEISEL, President
4870 Victor Street Phone 737-6623
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
215
