Officers
AZA
—— | Hi
President Jeffrey Harris
Vice-President RonBurman
Secretary Josh Weiss
Treasurer Jeff Greenfield
Publicity Andy Mirkis _
I USÉ
Shalom all!
You ask what AZA and BBYO have been doing this past year???
Conventions, car washes, progressive dinners, beach parties, meetings, sleep-
overs, Halloween party, creative services, Friday night Services at Mount Carmel
for Yom Hashoah, bowling tournament, basketball, frisbee, football, a pumpkin ^ , Tfljar
carve, a kissing booth at the World of Our Grandparents, phone soliciting for the
Federation Super Sunday, Pizza and Skating parties, lox boxes, Trips to Gainesville, mystery days, campouts and FUN.
We are the largest Jewish Youth Organization in the world. We have chapters in all the continental United States, in England,
France, Israel, Canada, Australia, South Africa and elsewhere in the world.
AZA is an international organization designed to develop both a Jewish identity and leadership qualities in teenage men. Every
member becomes a link in the tremendous chain of AZA’s brotherhood.
Before closing, I would like to thank our devoted advisors, Stanley Greenfield and Ed Silverman. Also, we encourage each and
EVERYONE of you to support AZA, as we support you when we faithfully serve our community.
If you are interested in joining AZA call me at 733-4315 or Ron Burman 268-0757.
SHALOM AND HAVE A HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Fraternally yours,
Jeff
BBG
Board
President PeriKantor
1st Vice President BethJawitz
2nd Vice President Barbara Rosenberg
3rd Vice President PamDamesek
Treasurer Joy Pollock
Secretary Wendy Hirsch
Aduisor Shell! Barrack
B’nai B’rith Girls have been busy throughout the year.
We’ve had many programs including a “No Talk-A-
Thon”with the proceeds going to charity; an Oneg Shabbat
with Mt. Carmel; a surprise “Wake-up Breakfast” to initiate
our new members and lots more.
Front (L-R)- Barbara Sherman, Ellen Abramson, Peri Kantor, BethJawitz.
Middle - Pam Damesek, Jill Husney, Shelli Barrack (advisor), Barbara
Rosenberg. Standing - Sherri Lissner, Wendy Hirsch, Joy Pollock
We are looking forward to having speakers talk to us about the Holocaust, E.R.A. and stress management. Also, we are
anticipating to host a B’nai B’rith youth organization executive meeting in June. Our calendar has been very busy. What we are
hoping to do in the near future is to start programming with other Jewish youth groups in Jacksonville. This decision came out of
the concern that there seems to be a growing indifference among Jewish teenagers toward Judaism. We are now committed to
start programming on a larger and more “public” scale.
We want to prove that being Jewish can be a fun and learning experience at the same time. It certainly has been for us. For more
information on B.B.G. contact Peri Kantor at 733-1916.
Shalom Forever,
Peri
223
