Hadassah
Hadassah, the largest Zionist organization in the world, as well as
the largest women’s voluntary organization in the United States, has a
membership of 360,000 members who dedicate themselves to help
Israel to help itself.
Our Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah coordinates the activities
of our three groups: Tikva, which meets during the daytime, on the
second Tuesday, September through May; Hannah Senesch, which
meets on the second Wednesday evening; and Shir-Li, our youngest
group, which meets every third Monday evening.
We have just completed a successful year, with the help of each of
our members, having filled our committment National quotas. These
funds help support the Hadassah-Hebrew University Medical Center
and the Mt. Scopus Hospital in Jerusalem which service people of all
races and creeds. Here teaching and research are carried on which
benefit all mankind. Hadassah’s varied projects include the Hadassah
Medical Organization, Youth Aliyah, Hadassah Israel Educational
Services, Jewish National Fund, Zionist Youth Activities, and
American Affairs. Each of our groups develops its own program of
activities to support these projects, with the Chapter co-ordinating the
three groups.
We heartily welcome you, one and all, to join us, to get to know us,
and work with us. Please call our Presidents for further information.
Meanwhile, we wish you and your dear ones a healthy and happy year.
Shalom!
Chapter Presidents
Barbara Epstein, Shir-Li Pres.; Margaret Fleet,
Chapter Pres.; Claire Gamse, Hannah Senesch
Pres.; Missing - Bess Rothstein, Tikva Pres.
Jacksonville Chapter Board Officers:
President: Margaret Fleet (396-7406)
Vice-Presidents: Program: Teddy Moscovitz
Education: Natalie Bloom
Membership: Hilda Goldstein
Fund-Raisings: Rhoda Kagan
Treasurer: Hilda Goldstein
Recording Secretary: Estelle Cherry
Corresponding Secretary: Lil Meizlik
Financial Secretary: Elaine Barnert
Youth Activities Chairman: Joan Puldy
Tikva Group Officers:
President: Bess Rothstein (396-3898)
Vice Presidents: Program: Rochelle Battock
Education: Grace Goldberg
Membership: Evelyn Moskovitz
Fund-Raising: Marilyn Walters
Treasurer: Marilyn Safer
Recording Secretary: Freda Isenberg
Corresponding Secretary: Dodie Cohen
Financial Secretary: Edna Reich
Hannah Senesch Group Officers:
President: Claire Gamse (733-0808)
Vice-Presidents: Program: Judy Geller
Education: Rose Glenn
Membership:
Fund-Raising: Adele Levitan
and Jean Weinberg
Financial: Marian Schlessinger
Recording Secretary: Emily Friedman
Treasurer: Jay Aronson
Shir-Li Group Officers:
President: Barbara Epstein-268-8887
Vice-Presidents: Membership: Tricia Bloom
Fund Raising: Barbara Safer
Program: Cathy Yergin
Education: Phyllis Goldberg
Financial Secretary: Debby Rauchwarger
Corresponding Secretary: Merryl Sherris and
Carol Matoren
Treasurer: Ronnie Adsit
Be a loser
and love it!
We’re a class
above the rest!
• Diet
• Behavior Modification
• Nutrition
• Exercise
Phone: 786-8104
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
221
