ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
F.O. BOX 23780
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
32217
President Dr. Milton B. Mann
Chairman of the Board AlanTaffet
Vice-President
Membership Jack Becker
Public Relations Rabbi Gary Perras
Programming Dr. Nelson Goldman
Projects Emanuel Ehrlich
Education Anne Shmunes
Recording Secretary Laurie Benwick
Corresponding Secretary Lillian Meizlik
Treasurer JoelBressler
Board Members: Myron Dunay, Abe Fages, David
Goodman, Cantor A. Marton, Robert Nied, Dr. Cheryl
Rosenblatt, Dr. Elias Rosenblatt, Bess Rothstein, Hyman
Selber, Leonard Selber and Nathan Shmunes.
Dr. Milton B. Mann
Alan Taffet
Jack Becker presents Anne and Nathan Shmunes with
certificate of the Grove they planted in honor of their
grandchildren.
The Jacksonville District of the Zionist Organization of America has many activities including education, the promotion of
the State of Israel, public relations and is one of the most effective lobbying organizations nationally because of having a
constituency or membership.
The past year has been one of our busiest in many years. First, we are proud to announce that Alan Taffet is now President
of the Southeast Region of the Zionist Organization of America. In addition, we have sponsored two programs with Beth Shalom
Congregation. The first was an Aliyah Conference with the Regional Director of the Southeastern Aliyah Office from Miami. Our
second program was one of the most successful and effective we have had in years, a Conference on Jerusalem. This was
conducted by three well known scholars, a Catholic professor, Dr. Eugene J. Fisher, a Protest Minister, Dr. Marvin K. Wilson,
and Rabbi A. James Rudin of the American Jewish Committee. Not only was this very interesting and informative for the Jewish
community but they spoke to the Council of Churches the next day. This was very important to us as two of the most important
functions of the Z.O.A. are to foster American support for Israel and to counter the Arab propaganda campaign, and some of the
most influential people in town are the ministers.
Our oldest activity has been our Jewish National Fund function in which we yearly plant a grove of 1,000 trees in Israel. This
year was our best ever as we planted 2,400 trees. One grove was in memory of Gilbert Geller, 1,200 trees in honor of their
grandchildren by Nathan and Anne Shmunes, and 200 trees in memory of his family lost in the Holocaust by Cantor Hyman
Perras.
UNISEX SALON
Cutting for the Entire Family
The Promenade
University Boulevard West
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
733-4322
No Appointment Necessary
BONO PROFESSIONAL
CLEANERS
1105 San Marco Blvd.
Phone 396-1631
AL ZADOFF - Account Executive
Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.
121 Hogan Street Phone 633-7100
Happy New Year and Best Wishes
ADAMS BROKERAGE, INC.
FOOD BROKERS
592 South Ellis Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32205
Suite 100
Phone: 786-0390
Patronize Our Advertisers — They Deserve Your Support
219
