EDUCATION SOCIAL ACTION SERVICE
Officers
President . Thelma Nied
Vice-Presidents Carolyn Krestul
Dorothy Shlafer
Joy Korman
Lois Chepenik
Linda Kamen
. . Leslie Held
Barbara Safer
volunteers at the Art Museum to bring and discuss art in the
public and private schools. Our Mental Health Forum, co¬
sponsored with the Mental Health Association and Florida
Junior College, attracted over 2,000 participants.
Our newest project, CASA (Court Appointed Special
Advocates), trains volunteers to act as a “friend of the
court” in the best interest of an abused or neglected child. A
CASA is a guardian ad litem in accordance with Florida law.
Each CASA attends two training sessions, three hours
each, conducted by professionals in the field. In addition,
on-going education programs will be offered by the staff,
and legal counsel will be available to provide advice and
assistance, and, if necessary, to appear in court with the
CASA. For further information and application forms, call
the program office, 633-3709.
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary . . .
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
The National Council of Jewish Women is a volunteer
organization dedicated in the spirit of Judaism to advancing
human welfare and the democratic way of life. Through a
coordinated program of education, service, advocacy and
social action, NCJW works in the Jewish and general
communities, locally, nationally and internationally.
Our local projects include: Preschool vision testing to
discover sight problems, service to the foreign born, Art
Enrichment Program (“Picture Lady”) which trains
NCJW’s commitment to Israel dates back to the years
before there was an Israel, to the years when Jews around
the world were working hand in hand to establish a Jewish
state.
Within Israel NCJW’s strong programs in education and
social welfare have helped to develop the country’s lead¬
ership.
For membership information, please contact any of our
officers.
WOMEN’S AMERICAN ORT, Inc.
Area Council
President Sandy Miller
Vice-Presidents Marsha Pollock
Sue Ann Blumenthal
Arlene Greenspan
Betty Edwards
Fin. Secretary Janet Goldfarb
Rec. Secretary Karen Nathanson
Treasurer Wendy Efron
Parliamentarian Anita Warshoff
ORT in Jacksonville
To my sister Jewess,
Women’s American ORT is the most complex, exciting, dynamic
and fastest growing Jewish women’s organization in the U.S. We are an
activist group not only taking stands, but positively working to upgrade
the quality of life for ourselves, our families and our communities.
We are very involved in public education as well as career and
vocation education. Not only have we our first school (highly
acclaimed) in New York and a second school about to open in Los
Angeles, but we are most excited about the new Jewish High School in
North Miami where ORT has been asked not only to run the science and technological tracts, but also to help create the total
curriculum!
Not only have we 800 installations of various types of schools in 24 countries on five continents with two million student
graduates in our 102 year history; not only are we known as the finest vocational educators in the world; not only does our
government recognize our expertise, call on our testimony before congressional committees and have ORT members on
educational governmental boards on every echelon of government but we are . . . take stands . . . and act to uphold the right of
abortion, fight for passage of the ERA, work for human rights and freedom of movement for all peoples, especially Soviet Jewry
and support Israel Americans and Jews (half of our ORT network of schools are there.) We confront this new radical right
movement head on, fighting against censorship, prayer in schools, right to life through anti-democratic and anti-pluralistic views.
Most importantly, we have assumed a vanguard role to thwart anti-Semitism wherever it raises its ugly head.
This, very briefly, is our program. Our chapters are as pluralistic as our country. Their diversity creates the right place for you
to have your voice heard on the most momentous issues of our harried times and our 600 members in Jacksonville and 145,000 in
the U.S. help give you strength to make your voice heard - loud and clear!
Won’t you make Women’s American ORT stronger? Can you afford in all conscience not to belong?
ORTistically, Sandy Miller
Chapter
President
Meets
Afternoon
Clara Mann
2nd Monday
Beauclerc
Laura Osofsky
1st Friday a.m.
Evening
Allyson Newman
1st Tuesday p.m.
Riverfront
(not available)
1st Tuesday p.m.
Seaside
Susan Barnes
1st Tuesday p.m.
231
