THE CHOIR
Outstanding among the new developments at the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center during the past year, was the
formation and subsequent development of the Center
Choral Group under the direction and inspiration of
Cantor Abraham Marton.
Although in existence for less than one year the Choral
Group has established a reputation and following among
those who appreciate Jewish cultural and liturgical music.
From an original nucleus of six persons meeting at the
home of Ben Chepenik, the group has grown to its present
strength of twenty-one voices.
The group has been sponsored by the Center Men’s
Club, with actual details being administered by a com¬
mittee headed by Julius Levin. The Men’s Club, through
this committee, is due considerable credit for the success
of the group in its initial year, since it equipped the group
with gowns, defrayed the expenses of the necessary music
and provided for the various other financial requirements.
Even during the time that the special male choir for
the high holidays was being trained, the larger mixed
choir group was already rehearsing for its performances
at the Friday evening services. As a result the group was
able to serve at the first service held and continued to assist
Cantor Marton in officiating at the service throughout the
remainder of the year.
In addition to its appearance in the Friday evening
service, the group participated in several recitals, and
special appearances at various events including among
those appearances were those at the Naval Air Station,
before the Men’s Club, and in Lyceum Series Concert.
The group is not restricted to Jewish religious music
but also participates in all phases of Hebrew and Yiddish
music and classical and semi-classical musical compositions.
The choral group plans for the coming year are quite
extensive. The highlight of the planned activity being a
concert during Jewish music week in March to feature a
guest soloist.
The officers of the group are Leo Moskowitz, president;
Elaine Gross, secretary, and Albert Bressler, treasurer.
All of the work of the group is directed by Cantor Marton
and the piano accompanist for the group has been Mrs.
Albert Bressler.
Other members of the choir are: Joe Abisch, Irene
Borkson, Julian Borkson, Joel Bressler, Sylvia Cherry,
Raymond W. Cohen, Hermina Doych, Gertrude Freidlin,
Mrs. Harry Koenigsberg, Harry Koenigsberg, Victoria
Levy, Melvin Margol, Joel Selber, Mrs. Mitchell Schemer,
Mrs. David Torn, Faye Torn, and Mrs. Joseph Young.
THE CHOIR
