'P&iexvaxct
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a Conservative Syna¬
gogue Center. It was founded at the turn of the century
under the name Congregation B’Nai Israel. The name was
changed twenty years ago on moving into the present
quarters at West Third and Silver Streets. The change
symbolized espousal of activities serving Jacksonville
traditional Jewry on a community scale.
Leadership by Rabbis trained at the Jewish Theo¬
logical Seminary of America and affiliation with the United
Synagogue of America gives the Center status among the
over four hundred congregations comprising the Con¬
servative movement in the United States. The Sisterhood,
known as the Daughters of Israel, is affiliated with the
Women’s League and more recently the Center Men’s Club
joined the National Federation, both sponsored by the
United Synagogue of America. Leading members of the
Congregation are on the National Advisory Board of the
Seminary and have formed the Jacksonville Friends of the
Seminary Society.
The Center’s Conservative affiliation means that it is
dedicated to the doctrine of progressive Jewish practice.
What has become hallowed by the Jewish past and what
has acquired sentimental significance in Jewish life is
here blended harmoniously with contemporary Jewish
experience.
The institution’s status as a Synagogue Center has the
connotation of inculcating Jewish religious and cultural
values through extension education, leisure time activity
and social functions. In keeping with its aims, the Center
acquired property adjoining the main building on West
Third Street, now designated as the Youth Building. Lo¬
cated on the same property is a gymnasium annex and an
outdoor athletic court. Another residence facing Silver
Street is awaiting evacuation of tenants to be incorporated
in the Center’s facilities for its ever expanding program.
For some time the Center has had a definite expansion
program and in the past few years tentative plans were set
for this program and the raising of funds was started.
However, in recent months this fund drive gained impetus
under the chairmanship of the immediate past president,
Harry Gendzier, and the major portion of the needed funds
has been subscribed. Actual planning of the additional
structures and remodelling of the present ones is engaging
the interest of a special committee headed by Ralph
Mizrahi, a member of the Board and of one of the leading
architectural firms in Jacksonville. Sketches and proposed
plans are being studied and revised constantly.
Nothing that is being planned in the new buildings
is actually new. The Center is now providing diversified
expression of Jewish religious, educational, cultural and
social forms. The present activities bear testimony to the
vital need of improved accommodations. The Center has
the philosophy of Judaism that appeals to the largest sec¬
tion of Jacksonville Jewry. The membership is growing,
necessitating increased seating for the High Holiday wor¬
ship. Registration in the different departments of religious
education is growing. The community expects from the
Center proper housing for the events that help express the
Jewish motif in the symphony that is inter-cultural
American life.
