A MESSAGE FROM OUR RABBI
An era of fulfillment is in prospect for the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center. To put it in other words, the Center
is coming of age.
The confidence behind this assertion is drawn from
the pages that follow. Reflected in the 1947-48 (5708)
edition of the Year Book is a striving towards Jewishly
significant living within an American community.
Trends such as those indicated in the past year’s ac¬
tivity must have background. The seeds for their fruition
were planted years ago. They were nurtured by the simple
piety for which our people are noted and by self-sacrificing
devotion of many a leader. But it is quite evident that the
era of experimentation and adaptation is coming to a close.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is acquiring mature stature
in the galaxy of Conservative Jewish congregations in
America. Our program receives direction from the past and
zest from the needs of the present.
To those who may be conscious of the fact that many
worthy aims are still to be realized, I recommend the in¬
sight that organizations like individuals go through stages
of growth from infancy to maturity. Unrealized aims are
not discarded ones nor even discredited. They simply call
for greater effort and consecrated initiative.
Unlike the development of an individual, organizations
do not attain maturity automatically. Stunted growth
may also be the unfortunate lot of any living being, if the
normal process of development is hampered. Organizations
draw their strength and vitality from combined spiritual
endowments of their following.
At this stage of the Center’s history it is particularly
important that the membership at large envisage the total
objective towards which we are striving. The slightset
weakening in wholesome devotion and participation may
render the fellowship aged instead of coming of age. For
the sake of our complete enjoyment of life within a demo¬
cratic society, for the sake of realizing our destiny as a
people dedicated to God and moral living, we cannot fail
to grasp the opportunity of the hour.
The Year Book is more than chronicle of one year’s
activity in one synagogue. Recorded here is also the con¬
tribution made to American Jewry by other associations.
Each one forms, as it were, another column supporting
the edifice that Israel is building in an American outpost.
The structure of world Jewry is thereby magnified. The
honor of Israel is kept aloft. In most instances the Center
RABBI SANDERS A. TOFIELD
renders direct service to the organizations listed. With all,
it maintains an affinity of interest. To all, it extends co¬
operation and recognition as noteworthy endeavors and
pledges that its own expanded facilities will prove to their
enhancement.
Basing itself on the achievements of previous adminis¬
trations, the present one has taken determined steps
towards securing the promising future of the Center. The
staff is being bolstered constantly to render the program
more and more effective. Funds with which to expand and
improve present facilities are gathered with admirable
enthusiasm. Religious services, educational and social ac¬
tivities have better than average support from the mem¬
bership. Credit is due to the auxiliary bodies of the Center,
the Daughters of Israel, the Men’s Club, and the various
youth groups that engender fraternal spirit within the
organization and help make the synagogue the cultural and
spiritual home of Jacksonville Jewry.
With faith in God’s help, with confidence in the eter¬
nal verity of our work, in the interests of achieving pro¬
founder happiness for oursleves and for our children, let
us go forward with the progress that is within reach!
Rabbi Sanders A. To field
