THE RELIGIOUS STAFF
THE RABBI
Since the beginning of this year, the spiritual leader¬
ship of the Congregation has been in the hands of Rabbi
Sanders A. Tofield.
He was ordained at the Jewish Theological Seminary
of America and is a member of the Rabbinical Assembly of
America. He attended the College of the City of New York
and the University of Tulsa, receiving his B.A. degree with
a Psychology major and an English minor, and did gradu¬
ate studies in the field of religious education at Columbia
University. He is now matriculating at the Seminary, pur¬
suing a Doctor’s degree in the field of Talmud, with
emphasis on the education and psychological elements
underlying its opinions.
Prior to his present post, Rabbi Tofield served Con¬
gregation Adath Yeshurun, Houston, Texas, which merged
with another synagogue to form the present Congregation
Beth Yeshurun of that city. He has transferred to the
Southeast his cooperation with Jewish and civic associations
for which he was noted in Texas and the Southwest. Under
his guidance, the various departments of the Synagogue
have shown improved administration and more effective
functioning.
CANTOR ABRAHAM MARTON
THE CANTOR
Reverend Abraham Marton assumed his office at the
Center with the High Holidays of last year. In the year of
service that he is rounding out he has earned the applause
of Center worshippers for melodious rendition and modern
interpretation of the traditional liturgy. He is assisted by
a Choir of men and women whom he has trained to
professional standards.
The musical work of the religious school is under his
direction. Among his planned projects are a junior choral
group and a class in Hazanut for leaders of children’s and
youth services.
He is a member of the Hebrew School staff, offering
courses in the daily school, training Bar Mitzvah candi¬
dates, and directing the Sunday morning service of the
Minyan Club. In this sphere he has shown as much pro¬
ficiency as in the musical phases. He has been called upon
for musical programs by various synagogue and communal
organizations, to the delight of the respective audiences.
Cantor Marton served congregations in Youngstown,
Ohio; Baltimore, Maryland; Lebanon, Pennsylvania; and
Brooklyn, New York, prior to his coming to Jacksonville.
He received Jewish and musical education in Vienna,
Austria, from its Seminary, Schubert Conservatory of
Music, and prominent Cantors.
THE HAZAN AND READER
For the major part of the Center’s existence it has
had the good fortune to be served by Rev. B. Safer. He is
Reader of the Torah, Hazan at Shaharis Services, and
chants the Musaf for the supplemental High Holiday ser¬
vices that are conducted along strictly traditional lines.
Rev. Safer also serves the community as the only Mohel
in the city. His assistance at various religious functions
that require knowledge of our ancient lore is invaluable.
He is also in charge of study groups in our sacred classic
literature, Talmud, Mishnah and Hagadah.
REV. B. SAFER
