Our school hopes, by means of this ceremony, to arouse
greater interest in Hebrew education and acquaintance with
synagogue procedure among the girls of our community.
Minyan Club—An important extension of the educa¬
tional and religious functions of the Center was the intro¬
duction that year of an additional service, the Sunday
morning Minyan Club. Recent Bar Mitzvah boys join with
Daily Hebrew School—By means of the classes of¬
fered to boys and girls on week-day afternoons, the Center
hopes to achieve the largest portion of its objectives in
religious education. Here the student learns the Hebrew
language, the language of our prayers, of our pioneers in
Palestine, of the Bible that is at the center of all our spiri¬
tual guidance and that we call Torah. Lessons in history
THE MINYAN CLUB
their older friends in a weekly public worship which in¬
cludes the use of Tefilin. Numerous young men have thus
learned to participate in the order of worship that the
Hebrew School teaches theoretically. Cantor Marton di¬
rected this service with the assistance of Mr. Harry Kolitz.
Following the service the boys were the guests of the
Daughters of Israel at breakfast. An average of twenty-five
youths attended the Minyan Club services.
The Junior Congregation that holds services Satur¬
day mornings with Mr. Harry Kolitz in charge, continued in
its established policy of developing the habit of regular
synagogue attendance. Services were led by the children
and some delivered brief explanations of the weekly Torah
reading. On several occasions the older boys and girls met
for a Youth service under the guidance of Mr. Louis Safer.
Merit Prizes for outstanding achievement in Hebrew
School, sponsored by the Daughters of Israel, were aug¬
mented this year by a much coveted award, a month’s stay
at an educational camp. From a list of ten candidates re¬
viewed by the Education Committee, Joel Bressler and
Pearl Aronowitz were selected for the Scholarship to
Camp Cejwin, conducted by the Central Jewish Institute
of New York at Port Jervis, New Jersey. They are enrolled
there for the month of August. The Daughters of Israel
made this scholarship available to a boy and a girl who in
the judgment of the Committee are most likely to benefit
from their experience and influence others in furthering
Hebrew education. An honorable mention award in the
form of a Scholarship to the Center Summer Day Camp
was voted to Helene Zimmerman.
and ceremonial practice are also made more vivid when
taught in conjunction with the sacred language of our
ancestors. Hebrew knowledge, whether of limited or ex¬
tensive degree, is our surest line of communication between
the past and the future.
In the past season nearly one hundred boys and girls
attended the six classes held on alternate days. They came
by the buses operated by the Center, had their snack at a
brief assembly, went to class at 4 o’clock, at 5:10 there was
a ten minute recess, on dismissal that came at 6:15 they
were taken home by the Center bus. Before special occa¬
sions they spent the last fifteen minutes for group singing
led by the Cantor.
The staff consisted of Cantor Marton, Mrs. Harry
Abrams, and Mr. Harry Kolitz. Mrs. Abrams moved from
Jacksonville this summer. Her place on the faculty will
now be taken by Mr. Gross. Effort is now also being made
to engage part-time tutors in Hebrew for the benefit of
students who can benefit from individual attention.
Class VI, taught by the Cantor, had most of the boys
who were Bar Mitzvah during the year. Their continuation
at Hebrew School betokens awakened interest in Hebrew
studies. Many of them and other students who have made
sufficient progress will be eligible for the graduation class
planned for the coming season.
Sunday Morning Religious School—The one-day-a-
week school meeting Sunday mornings is limited in scope.
Synagogue leadership as well as the Jewish education pro¬
fession have long been aware of its inadequacy. The rich
Jewish heritage and the manifold requirements of current
