danced the Hora at the conclusion of the closing assembly.
Parents and Center officers present heard the universal
exclamation “too bad it’s over.”
Only a brief summary of activities is possible here.
Hebrew and Siddur was offered in several sections. Athletics
and games, daily open air pool swimming and once a week
at Jacksonville Beach, Palestinian dances, folk songs and
sacred melodies, dramatic skits, handicraft with Jewish
motifs helped combine diversion with education. Trips
to Silver Springs, the city of St. Augustine, industrial plants,
U. S. Naval installations, to mention only a few, cheered
along by such tunes of “Vetaher Libenu” and “Amar Rabbi
Akiba” will leave a lasting impression of the relevance in¬
herent in American Jewish cultural pride. Meals were
prepared in our kitchen and partaken in a traditional
setting of song, benediction and grace. The Friday noon
V
“Shabbat” meal was graced by the visit of a “Sabbath
Mother of the Week”.
Credit for the well-rounded program is due to the
staff: J. Harold Romirowsky, Rabbinical candidate at the
Jewish Theological Seminary, Director; Mrs. Romirowsky,
student at the Seminary College of Jewish Studies; Primary
and Kindergarten Instructor; Frank C. Gusky, Athletic
Director; Gertrude Meyerhoff, student at the Seminary
School for Jewish studies, Hebrew Instructor; Jack W.
Deegan, Arts and Crafts Instructor; Mrs. Rose Nabin, in
charge of meals; and the Junior Counselors, Neil Presser,
Tony Richmond and Helene Zimmerman.
The Camp was also visited by groups from Christian
Vacation Bible Classes and the delegates to the South¬
eastern District Convention of Young Judea held at the
Center in June.
HOURS DEDICATED TO WORSHIP
The regular religious worship of the Congregation
takes place as follows:
Daily: Traditional Minyan is held mornings at 7:30,
evenings at sunset, in the Chapel.
Sabbaths: Kabalat Shabbat, Friday evenings at sunset
in the Chapel.
Family Sabbath Service, Friday nights at 8
o’clock, in the main Synagogue; Rabbi,
Cantor and Choir officiating.
Saturday Mornings, adult service, 8:30, in the
main Synagogue. Junior Congregation,
10 o’clock, in the Chapel, Mr. Harry
Kolitz in charge.
Bar Mitzvah Minyan Club, Sundays, 9:00
A.M., directed by Cantor Marton, Mr.
Harry Kolitz assisting.
Festivals: Same as Sabbaths.
High Holidays : All services held in the main Syna¬
gogue; supplemental strictly traditional
services in the Auditorium; Junior Con¬
gregation, in the Chapel; Youth Ser¬
vice, in the Youth Building.
Prayer Books: The following editions of the prayer are
used on the respective occasions:— “Sabbath and Festival
Prayer Book”, published by the Rabbinical Assembly of
America and the United Synagogue; for the Reading of the
Torah, the Hertz edition of the Humash; the “Standard
Prayer Book” at all services held in the Chapel; on the
High Holidays the Adler edition of “Services of the
Synagogue”; also the Silverman edition of the adult and
junior Prayer Books.
