Flauman, Gertrude Freidlin, Rosalyn Glickman, Frank
Gusky, Sylvia Haber, Sonya Heyman, Mrs. Janice Kirschen-
baum, Harry Koenigsberg, Harry Kolitz, Bernice Margo-1,
Isadore Moscovitz, Mrs. Norman Moss, Idlene Portnoy,
Mrs. Major Reiser, Charlotte Rose, Evelyn Schain, Ruth
Spiwak, and Mrs. Shelby Trager.
The Daughters of Israel has again aided in promoting
Jewish education by providing refreshments at the various
holiday celebrations, prizes awarded at the Closing Exer¬
cises and by supplying the funds for the teacher’s fees.
Their liberal attitude made it possible to raise the profes¬
sional status of the staff, a process that is being pursued
constantly.
The Men’s Club joined in providing educational in¬
centives by sponsoring a monthly prize for the class that
excelled in an inter-class competition. At the close of the
season the Pilton Cup, which is awarded annually to the
best class, went to the Sixth Grade. The Hackel Cup,
awarded annually to the best all-round student, was won
by Elka Miriam Block.
Two hundred and thirty-one pupils registered in the
School during the season. Over ninety per cent completed
Diane Safer, Gerald Sohn, Mitzi Speigler, Paul S. Strauss,
and Morris J. Worman.
In a most impressive and festive atmosphere each
Confirmant participated in a Profession of Faith ritual
conducted by Rabbi Tofield who also addressed them on
the theme “More Torah, More Life.” The liturgy was ren¬
dered by Cantor Marton to the accompaniment of the
Choir. The President of the Center, Mr. Joseph Hackel,
presented the certificates, Mrs. Jacob Becker, President
of the Daughters of Israel, the Bibles, and the Chairman
of the Education Committee, Mr. Philip Selber, the prizes
that consisted of a newly established A.Z.A. award to the
highest ranking student, won by Beverly Diane Safer, the
Florence May Bono essay prize which was shared by Her-
mina Doych and Eileen Grossman. This service was also
the occasion when a plaque in recognition of meritorious
service to the synagogue was presented to Morris D. Wolfson
by a former President of the Center, Mr. Abe Newman.
Nursery-Kindergarten—The Center is proud of the
daily Nursery Kindergarten it sponsors under the direction
of Mrs. M. J. Reiser. Children between the ages of four
and six are called for at their homes at nine o’clock and
THE CONFIRMANOS
their work, which is an excellent record in comparison
with reports from other communities and national statistics.
The same favorable comparison is found in attendance,
continuation with the course of study, and Keren Ami
contributions records.
Pupils are classified into ten grades and a kindergarten.
The subject matter included Bible Stories, Jewish person¬
alities through the ages, History, Jewish observances, cur¬
rent events, religious ideals, the Prophets, Palestine and
Zionism, Jewish literature, History of the Jews in the
United States.
Confirmation services are held for the students who
have completed the Tenth Grade, thus marking also gradua¬
tion from Religious School. This year’s Confirmation
Service was held Shavuos night, May 25th, with the follow¬
ing members in the class: Irwin David Bono, Paul Joseph
Bossen, Hermina Doych, Ann Dwoskin, Eileen G. Gross-
man, Rena Joyce Harris, Sylvia Rita Rothstein, Beverly
are returned at noon. They pursue a program of guided
play, musical and dramatic drill, nature study, community
acquaintance, Jewish practices and forms, and a Hebrew
vocabulary suitable to their comprehension.
On completion of the course the children are equipped
with the standard knowledge and skills and are eligible
for First Grade work in public schools. Those who were
thus advanced this year are: Linda Davis, Linda Edwards,
Herbert Fishier, Sandra Freedman, Barry Ginsburg, Sarah
Husney, Phyllis Krantz, Paula Moscovitz, Shaller Mosco¬
vitz, Robert Panken, Edward Robin, Victor Schnider, and
Dennis Wood.
An additional thirty-one children are continuing next
season and a larger number than those who were promoted
this year is expected to register for the new season. Nego¬
tiations are now in progress with prospective staff members
who will help diversify the, program and intensify the
Cultural content. Among the aims of this department is
