RELIGIOUS EDUCATION
In progressive educational circles no distinction is
made between formal classroom instruction and those ac¬
tivities usually classed as play. Desirable attitudes and
habits are equally important with academic knowledge.
Furthermore, even intellectual information may be trans¬
mitted through play activity as well as through verbal
instruction.
Religious education takes cognizance of the same prin¬
cipal. Whether it be the art of worship, development of
good fellowship, ethical behavior, religious motivation is
present, therefore also religious education.
A well balanced program of Jewish education should
coordinate book learning with experience in Jewish living.
This, the Center aims to accomplish. In traditional termi¬
nology, the dual aspect of religiosity was termed Midrash
and Ma’ase. Their nearest English equivalent is learning
and practise.” Our desecription will therefore include
both formal and activity centered phases of education.
Educational Director—The Center is about to wel¬
come its newest and one of the important members of its
staff. Mr. Theodore Gross is arriving in September to
assume the post of Educational Director. He will adminis¬
ter the Daily Hebrew School, the Sunday morning Classes,
Nursery-Kindergarten, Summer Day Camp, and take charge
of Youth activities.
Bar Mitzvah is an outstanding religious experience
for a young boy and an event of great moment to his par¬
ents and dear ones. Our school discourages an impression
prevalent among some people, namely that the consecration
ceremony is the acme of Jewish education. Every candi¬
date for Bar Mitzvah is required to have a number of years
of Hebrew education to his credit. He is made to under¬
stand that after he has been accorded the welcome into the
Jewish religious community, he has an even greater
obligation to further his knowledge of Judaism.
The Bar Mitzvah ceremony, however, is regarded by
the Center as a sacred contribution to the spiritual well¬
being of its following. Considerable attention is given to
the details of the celebration. It has become customary for
the family of the celebrant to act as hosts to the Congrega¬
tion at an Oneg Shabbat following Friday Evening Services,
as well as at the Kiddush that comes after the Sabbath
morning services. Parents join in a prayer of thanksgiving.
The Esquire Club has inaugurated the presentation of a
book of Jewish interest to every Bar Mitzvah.
During the past season the following became Bar
Mitzvah from the Center synagogue pulpit: Norman
Greenbaum, October 11, 1946; Stanley Kantor, October 19,
1946; Ruby Stanley, November 9, 1946; Joel Bressler,
November 30, 1946; Melvin Wall, January 25, 1947;
THE BAR MITZVAH GROUP
Mr. Gross is a graduate of the Yeshivah College and
of its teacher’s training school, the Bet Ha-Midrash Le-
Morim. He comes to Jacksonville from Wilmington, Dela¬
ware, and has served in similar capacity at Johnston, and
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He also served in the United
States Army during the war. This past summer he shared
in the administration of a well known boys’ camp.
Leonard Fleet, February 22, 1947; Joe Abisch, March 1,
1947; Harold Horovitz, March 15, 1947; Larry Goldberg,
March 29, 1947; Samuel Gordon, April 26, 1947; Melvin
Friedlin, May 10, 1947.
Among the planned projects for next year is the insti¬
tution of a Bar Mitzvah ceremony for girls. This practice
has been found beneficial wherever it was introduced.
