The Daughters of Israel. . .
MRS. JACK BECHER, President
It is appropriate that the Sisterhood, so distinctly a
part of our Synagogue, present an accounting to our Com¬
munity. This should not only serve as a record of past
performances but as a basic presentation of the general
subject for continued activities.
For just as we are individually admonished in our
High Holy Days’ prayers, to take stock of ourselves, so too,
we can apply this to our unified efforts and seek to deter¬
mine wherein we are weak and strive for an improvement.
In the intricate pattern of the functions we embrace,
there are none so insignificant as not to have had their
bearing on the larger whole, thereby adding to the value of
the entire program. These facts are well known to the
average member, but they are of such import, that it is
ever timely to stress them, so that every Jewish woman,
young and old alike, may take her proper place and help
us weave into reality the beautiful fabric of our Jewish
heritage, making it more meaningful to herself and to our
Jewish Community.
Keeping abreast with the strong movement through¬
out the country which recognizes the great need for the
furtherance of Jewish Education, we have attempted to
stimulate the interest of our youth. Two things have been
done in this direction. First, the creation of the Sunday
Minyan Club, which has met with an enthusiastic response,
and second, hte establishment of the Scholarship Fund,
affording the opportunity to one boy and one girl from
our Hebrew School, each year, of a month’s vacation at a
Jewish Educational Camp. The winners of this year’s
awards, Pearl Aronowitz and Joel Bressler, will personally
benefit from this arrangement and in the course of their
future contacts while they are pursuing Jewish studies,
they will be able to transmit to others the glow and appre¬
ciation for Jewish values which they derived through
their summer experiences.
Modestly, we can also point to the numerous prizes
which are presented to Hebrew School and Sunday School
scholars alike. In each instance, it is hoped that a seed
has been planted that will ultimately bear fruitful results.
Our religious department has continued to implement
the teaching about the holidays in the classrooms with the
proper observances of them with customs and ceremonies
and traditional delicacies. Likewise, this department has
instituted the presentation of Palestinian Mezuzahs to the
new brides of our Congregation.
To name but a few of our larger affairs, we recall the
gala Purim Seudah which was completely undertaken and
gainfully accomplished by our women. Our Thanksgiving
Eve Dance was an outstanding social and financial success.
Equally so, our New Year’s Eve Affair appreciably in¬
creased our treasury. All these have made it possible for
us to expand our program and assume newly added
obligations.
When we again resume our functions in the auditorium
of our Center, we need no longer feel apologetic for the
appearance of our stage, for a new and beatifully draped
curtain, and a very effective system of lighting has been
added to please our most fastidious audience.
The coming season with its many months should afford
us all many opportunities for the continuance of our ser¬
vices to our Sisterhood, and through it, to our Synagogue
and Judaism.
Officers for the coming year are: Mrs. Jacob J. Becker,
president; Mrs. Joel Fleet, Mrs. Harry Jaffee and Mrs. I. H.
Edwards, vice-president; Mrs. Norman Moss, recording
secretary; Mrs. Abraham Marton, corrseponding secretary;
Mrs. Helman Setzer, financial secretary; and Mrs. Jacob
Bloom, treasurer.
