The Jewish Center Men’s Club
Last year witnessed an increase in tempo of the activi¬
ties of the Jewish Center Men’s Club, and its “coming of
age” as an integral part of the parent institution.
Though only in its second year the Club achieved a
number of signal distinctions. The regular attendance at
its meetings was by far the largest of any regularly meeting
Jewish organization in Jacksonville. Its programs were
outstanding for the interest created and their Jewish con¬
tent. The Club offered for the first time a medium for the
individual member to participate in the manifold activities
of the congregation, and similarly a common social meet¬
ing ground for the membership. It offered to a limited
extent recreational and athletic facilities for its members.
Culturally, the organization presented a series of
outstanding programs. The following programs were fea¬
tured: a “Meet the Board” type of panel discussion with
the officers of the parent institution appearing before the
group and being subjected to the queries of the member¬
ship; a “Jewish Music” evening, featuring the Center
Choral Group, and a talk by Cantor Marton on the deriva¬
tion of Jewish Music; a debate on the value of the Jewish
Sunday School system; a Purim play by the students of
the Hebrew School entitled “Purim Hi-Jinks”, directed
by Cantor Marton; a model Passover Seder for the purpose
of exhibiting and instructing the membership on the ritual
of the Passover festival; and a clinical discussion by the
general membership of the program of the organization
for the coming year.
Financially, the organization solidified its position.
Its annual “Monte Carlo” Night proved a huge financial
and social success replenishing the treasury and enabling
the organization to embark upon a much expanded pro¬
gram for the coming year. The paid-up membership well
exceeded one hundred and fifty and the outlook for the
coming year for membership is even brighter. The nominal
membership dues included dinners for all of the regular
meetings.
The Club undertook a number of very worthwhile
projects during the year in its effort to expand its scope
of operation. The Men’s Club sponsored and financed the
organization of the Center Choral group, which proved to
be such a valuable addition to the religious and cultural
life of the Center. The Club offered prizes for the best
class competition in the Sunday School, sponsored the gifts
HERBERT SANDLER
Immediate Past President
of fruit and candy for the Simchath Torah celebration,
acted as ushers for the High Holy Day services, and par¬
ticipated in the Mother’s Day services.
The Club also presented an unusual number of social
and athletic activities for the benefit of its members. A
very successful bowling league was inaugurated, the Club
entered a diamondball team in the Center Sunday league,
and a number of interesting movies were shown at the
meetings. A highlight of the year’s social activities was
the first annual installation dinner dance given in June.
A regular attraction at the meetings was the excellent
dinners served by a volunteer catering committee.
Herbert Sandler, as president of the organzation, gave
it direction and leadership in the expansion of its program.
Dr. Julius Sloat, the incoming president, has already met
with the new officers and committee members and an even
greater program for 1947-1948 has been outlined. The Club
meets the last Monday of each month and all members of
the Center are eligible for affiliation.
The officers of the Club for the coming year are:
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat, president; Julius Levin, Louis Safer,
Irving Cohen and Louis Moss, vice-presidents; Moe Safer,
secretary; and Herbert Sandler, treasurer.
