ORGANIZATIONS SERVING THE COMMUNITY
Athletically the YMHA sponsors a team in the leading
diamond ball league in Jacksonville, the City League, and
it is making a good name for itself.
The YMHA is firmly entrenched in Jacksonville and
continues to strive for the betterment of Jewish community
life in this city.
Officers for the coming year are Robert Reiders,
president; Abe Diamond, first vice-president; Joe Bartley,
second vice-president; Irving Klepper, secretary; Herbert
Talisman, treasurer; Manuel Goldstein, assistant treasurer;
Erwin Kantor, auditor; Isadore Greenberg, sergeant-at-
arms; and Mrs. M. J. Reiser, acting director.
RIVER GARDEN
Since its inception in March, 1946, River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged has made notable progress in
its growth and development as a haven for our aged folks.
Under the administration of Sidney Entman, Executive
Director, a modern and progressive program of institutional
care was instituted. All the physical, social and spiritual
needs of the residents are met by the services offered to
encourage a full and happy life. The important highlights
of the week’s activities include movies, religious services,
and occupational therapy classes. To this can be added the
periodic outings, lectures, parties, and community partici¬
pation in the Home.
The awareness of the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid
Society of Jacksonville of the need for an institution for
the care of the aged was proven by the demands for the
services of River Garden. A few months after it opened
its doors, all available beds were occupied, and at this time
there is a waiting list for the admission of people into River
Garden.
The limited facilities of River Garden were evidenced
from the beginning and its lack of an infirmary has been a
serious handicap in servicing its residents. In addition,
River Garden is not able to admit chronic bedridden per¬
sons who desperately need institutional care.
In order to meet the demands for servicing all those
on the waiting list and the chronically ill aged, River
Garden finds it necessary to expand its services by the
creation of new facilities. The plans for an additional
building are being developed and we hope by the early
part of 1946 to be able to house residents in the new
building.
The new building will provide for twenty-six residents.
The building plans were developed in accordance with
the best concepts of modern institutional care, where the
individual might still retain his individuality and partici¬
pate in group living with a minimum of friction. It will
be so constructed that its able-bodied and ambulatory will
reside in one wing of the building. It will consist of only
single and double bedrooms. It will feature a large living
and assembly room, and occupational therapy room, a
library and game room, as well as a combined commissary
and tea room for the use of the residents and their guests.
The plans provide for a well equipped and modern
infirmary wing to care for all medical emjergencies with
the exception of major surgery. This infirmary will enable
River Garden to service the chronically ill and bedridden
persons.
An additional feature of the infirmary will include
a physiotherapy room, where various treatment facilities
such as baking, massaging, diathermy and hydrotherapy
services can be obtained. It will also include a clinic
where routine medical treatment can be administered. The
Ladies Llebrew Sheltering Aid Society of Jacksonville, as
part of their program, are planning to provide the medical
and infirmary equipment.
Officers for the coming year are: Ira Stein, chairman;
Joe Becker, vice-chairman; Emma Dwoskin, secretary;
Dr. Sam Witten, treasurer; and Sidney Entman, executive
director.
JEWISH WELFARE SOCIETY
Jacksonville’s Jewish Welfare Society, an accredited
family case work agency of the Community Chest, has a
30 year history of helping alleviate the economic distress
of the needy Jewish people of this city and of giving relief
to thousands of transients.
The organization was formed in 1917, when Rabbi
Israel L. Kaplan called together representatives of several
Jewish groups to plan a more effective approach to the
welfare problem than being handled by each of them in¬
dividually. Begun as the United Jewish Charities, and
later re-named the Jewish Welfare Society, the organization
has through the years directed its program toward strength-
ning Jewish family life and giving aid to the distressed.
In seeking to help families and individuals enjoy a
more wholesome living, the Society has recently appointed
William J. Silverman, a professional social worker, as its
Executive Director, and is now reorganized to provide a
preventive and rehabilitative service to those requiring
more than only financial aid. This service is offered not
only to the J acksonville community, but to the surrounding
territory as well.
Modern case methods are followed in helping Jewish
men and women and their families solve their problems.
In addition, the Society is actively concerned with the
broader community problems which make individual
adjustment to Society difficult.
Another important phase of the Welfare Society’s
program is its work at the River Garden Home, where it
assists in all intake work and carries on a social work pro¬
gram among the old folks at the Home.
Officers for the coming year are: Sidney J. Brown,
president; Lasar Klepper, first vice-president; I. M.
Lieberman, second vice-president; Dave Moss, third vice-
president; Morton Hirschberg, treasurer; and William J.
Silverman, executive director; and Mrs. Estelle Stern,
secretary.
