ZIONISM IN
SENIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Chapter of Senior Hadassah, with
its membership of over 600, as part of one of the largest
organized groups of Jewish women in this country, feels
keenly its responsibility in the reestablishment of a Jewish
national homeland in Palestine.
On the American scene, the finest and best of American
and Jewish ideals are fostered and aided. They are dedi¬
cated to strengthening the Yishuv in Palestine through the
Hadassah Medical Organization, Child Welfare and Voca¬
tional training, Youth Aliyah, land purchases and supplies
program.
The acceptance of Hadassah as the official health arm
of the Jewish Agency for aid to the immigrant is signifi¬
cant of the role Hadassah is playing in the rebuilding of
Eretz Israel.
Through the leadership of its capable committee chair*
men, the local unit of Hadassah carries out its program of
activities for the year with a number of outstanding affairs,
Education Day is not just another activity within
Hadassah—it is the motivating force giving impetus and
direction to all its projects. Through the guidance which
the education chairman gives to her discussion groups at
these monthly meetings, our membership is awakened to
the concept of Hadassah’s work as an integral part of the
Zionist movement.
The Oneg Shabbat gatherings also form a medium
by which Jewish history and culture is brought to the mem¬
bership through book reviews, symposium^, and Palestinian
musical programs, by outstanding artists and leaders in the
community.
Through the Thrift Luncheon, the Donor’s Affair for
the Medical Organization Fund, and the annual fall dance,
the local chapter raises its quota of funds to maintain the
infant welfare clinics, hospitals and medical centers, its
school luncheons and vocational and recreational centers.
The chapter has an active and well-organized sewing circle
that functions throughout the year, preparing garments
for use in hospitals and for refugee newcomers to Palestine.
Officers for the coming year are: Mrs. Harry Katz,
president; Mrs. Herman Klausner, first vice-president;
Mrs. Abe Chardkoff, second vice-president; Mrs. Lou
Feigenbaum, secretary; Mrs. Mac Presser, treasurer; and
Mrs. Helman Setzer and Mrs. Joseph Witten, corresponding
secretaries.
ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA
The Jacksonville Zionist District can proudly claim a
successful season of cultural and financial achievements.
The meetings of the District were well planned and
many programs of unusual interest were presented, result¬
ing in an attendance which was highly gratifying and
encouraging to the officers as well as to the members. New
Palestinian films, and outstanding speakers of national
prominence were the main attractive features of our meet^
ings, not overlooking our own local talent, particularly
the Young Judaean debaters, who added so much color,
hope and pride to the Zionist District.
Over $14,000 was collected by the Joint Zionist Drive
and allocated in the following manner: Jewish National
Fund $5,000; Haganah $4,000; Zionist Expansion Fund
$2,500; Local Youth Commission $1,500; Brandéis Camp
$1,000; Hebrew Arts Committee $200.
On the whole, Jacksonville is an overwhelming Zionist
stronghold, whose steadfast belief in the ideals of the
Zionist Movement are well rooted and unshakable. This,
despite the few who are either indifferent or callous to the
ultimate fate of their people and yet, are quite audible
in local communal policies. The fact that from eighty to
ninety per cent of the American Jewish Community recog¬
nize the logic and wisdom of the Zionist Movement—“the
Land of Israel for the People of Israel” is both heartening
to our cause and testifies to the righteousness of our aim.
The year 5707, another desperate one for our people,
has unfolded itself into the retrospective panorama of our
ancient history so full of disappointment and grief. The
hope of a Zion rebuilt which has kept us alive throughout
the past centuries must continue to sustain us and even¬
tually, justice will triumph.
Officers for the coming year are: Philip Bork, presi¬
dent; Harry Katz and Isadore Moscowitz, vice-presidents;
Charles Kroser, financial secretary; and Morris Leibowitz,
treasurer.
MASADA
Masada, Young Zionists of America, provided its mem¬
bership with a varied program of cultural and social events
during the past year.
Masada joined with its sister organization, Junior
Hadassah, in presenting two Hootinays, the first of which
was led by Chava Schelzer, a Palestinian envoy of good
will.
Co-operating with the other Zionist organizations in
the community, Masada joined in the telegram barrage
sent to Washington on various occasions, furnished leaders
for the local Young Judean movement, and helped with the
Southeastern Young Judean Convention which was held in
J acksonville.
Two of the local members were honored with election
to regional positions when Irving Slott and Irwin Gendzier
were named to the Regional Board of Masada and a third,
Dr. J. Roy Sloat, was appointed Regional Interorganiza-
tional Chairman.
The local group was host to the Regional Board’s
summer meeting.
Officers for the coming year are: Louis Safer, presi¬
dent; Harold Bloom, vice-president; Harry Koenigsberg,
treasurer; and Irwin Gendzier, secretary,
