JACKSONVILLE
TUNIOR HADASSAH
As early as 1916, Jewish girls in this country, stirred
by the ideals and aims of Zionism, sought to translate
their ardor into concrete work for the upbuilding of Pales¬
tine. Spontaneous groups sprang up in various cities, and
adopting the name of the women’s Zionist organization,
Hadassah, called themselves Junior Hadassah.
Today, this organization is the largest Jewish youth
organization in the United States. It has a three point
program: to aid the development of Palestine by support¬
ing specific projects in that country; to foster among Jewish
youth in America an understanding and appreciation of
Jewish life and the purposes of Zionism; to promote edu¬
cation and action for the strenghtening of democracy in
America.
With a membership of 70 girls between the ages of
17 and 25, the Jacksonville unit has had a very successful
year. For its specific projects, the unit has raised money
by waiting on tables at social functions given in the Jewish
Community and by selling Time.
The annual Yom Kippur Dance and W ashington Birth¬
day Ball are recognized social events on Jacksonville’s
YOUNG
With the 1947 Southern Young Judaean convention
held at the Jewish Center June 22nd-25th, Jacksonville
Young Judaea culminated a year of intense activity in
behalf of Palestine rebuilt, and a positive approach to
Jewish living in America.
Headed by a group of leaders which included Brandéis
Camp Graduates, Jacksonville’s eight clubs experienced
one of the most successful years in the city’s Young Judaea
history. Three junior clubs, Theodore Harzl, Ram-Bam
and Rothschild Clubs; two intermediate groups, Chanita
and Aliyah; and three senior organizations, Chaim Weiz-
man, Henrietta Szold and Junior Masada, took part in
activities which highlighted the organizations’ purpose
to integrate the young Jews into Jewish community service
and into a Jewish way of life which will find its expression
in Jewish cultural activities.
Over half of the Jacksonville Judaeans took part in
the citywide Choral groups with featured Palestinian folk
singing and dancing. The entire membership cooperated
to make the annual Purim Carnival, which is held in the
Center auditorium, an event of which the community was
proud. The Carnival offered for sale arts and crafts objects
styled with Jewish motifs which the Judaeans had prepared
during the year.
Individual club programs such as competitive radio
skits and a scrap book competition served as single club
activities. Discussions and debates also played an important
part in the club program. The Herzl Club was one of the
first clubs in the country to instigate a farm project. This
was done on the grounds surrounding their club room at
the River Garden Home for the Aged property.
winter calendar. The unit also holds annually a cocktail
membership party and a Donor’s swimming party.
Through the Jacksonville Zionist Youth Commission,
several Junior Hadassah members have received scholar¬
ships to Brandéis Camp Institute, the national Zionist
leadership training camp. Many of the Young Judean
Clubs in Jacksonville are advised by Junior Hadassah
members.
The members of Junior Hadassah are ever mindful
of the ideals of Zionism and the practical fulfillment of
those dreams. They strive to instill in themselves a spirit
of pride in all things Jewish—past and present. With a
realization of the need that Palestine has for their work
and their even greater need for the Spirit of Judiasm, the
Junior Hadassah women look to greater achievement in the
future.
Officers for the coming year are: Charlotte Rose,
president; Ruthye Spiwak, first vice-president; Phyllis
Paul, second vice-president; Gabriella Mayer, third vice-
president; Sylvia Wolf son, recording secretary; Sylvia
Mosco vitcli, corresponding secretary; Irene Borkson,
treasurer; and Sylvia Cherry, program chairman.
JUDEA
The work of the clubs was accelerated during the year
by a visit from Chava Schletzer, a Palestinian, who brought
with her a rich storehouse of knowledge of the Palestinian
folk tunes, and explained Jewish youth life in modern
Palestine. A visit by Mr. Herman Popkin, newly appointed
regional Zionist Youth director, also served as inspiration.
Jacksonville was honored at the National Convention
with the election of Ruth Spiwak as a member of the
National Leader’s Board and Gerald Sohn as a vice-
president of National Judaea.
Honors were also bestowed upon local Judaeans at
the regional convention. Gerald Sohn was chosen the
Outstanding Judaean in the region and elected a regional
vice-president, and Jacksonville came away with ping-pong,
bowling and extemporanious speaking awards.
The clubs operated this year under the supervision
of Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz, Judaean chairman, and Mrs.
Nat F. Cohen, chairman of the local Zionist Youth com¬
mission which provides funds for Zionist Youth activities.
The officers and club leaders for the coming year are:
Theodore Harzyl Club—Gabrille Mayer and Erwin Gend-
zier, leaders, Harry Katz, Jr., president; Ram-Bam Club—
Harry Koenigberg, leader, Roslyn Levin, president; Roth¬
schild Club—Alois Katz and Minna Silverman, leaders,
Renee Rothstein, president; Chanita Club—Ruth Spiwak,
leader, Joy Haimowitz, president; Aliyah Club—Ethel
Gruber Fradin, leader, Margaret Seidman, president;
Junior Masada—Dr. Julius Sloat, leader, Edwin Presser,
president; Chaim Weizmann Club—Mrs. T. T. Sandler and
Louis Safer, leaders, Morris Worman, president; and
Henrietta Szold Club—Mary Hecht, leader, Mildred
Edwards, president.
