ORGANIZATIONS SERVING THE COMMUNITY
The officers of the Society for the coming year are:
Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi, president; Mrs. Harry Gendzier, first
vice-president; Mrs. Ben Yoffee, second vice-president;
Mrs. B. Stegman, treasurer; Mrs. Ben Chepenik, corres¬
ponding secretary; Mrs. Nathan Newman, recording secre¬
tary; and Mrs. Sam Bryan, financial secretary.
NATIONAL COUNCIL
OF TEWISH WOMEN
The National Council of Jewish Women is the oldest
Jewish woman’s organization in America. It was organized
by Hannah G. Solomon in Chicago in 1893 and now has
more than 300 Senior and Junior Sections through the
country with a membership of more than 65,000.
From its beginning, the N.C.J.W. has served a three¬
fold purpose: it has brought about a closer fellowship
among Jewish women—orthodox, reform, conservative and
non-conformist; it has fostered inter-faith and inter-racial
cooperation; and it has furthered united efforts on behalf
of social betterment through a program based on education,
service to foreign born, community welfare service, and
social legislation.
The Jacksonville office in the Jewish Community
Council’s quarters is manned by voluteers under the direc¬
tion of Mrs. Oze Marcus, Chairman, Service to Foreign
Born Committee, and Mrs. A. Robins, co-chairman. Here
assistance is given in location services, Americanization and
naturalization, affidavit procedures, and very often trans¬
portation and hotel accommodations, to those refugees
enroute through Jacksonville or stopping in the city to
make their home.
The officers for the coming year are: Mrs. Saul Kurlin,
prseident; Mrs. Joseph Hyde and Mrs. Henry Bloom,
vice-president; Mrs. Herbert Panken, recording secretary;
Mrs. Robert Edwards, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
Arthur Gutmian, treasurer; Mrs. Max Lipsey, financial
treasurer; and Mrs. Joseph Glickstein, auditor.
IEWISH WAR VETERANS
The following two paragraphs of the Preamble to our
Constitution give the aim and purpose of our organization:
“We, citizens of the United States of America, of the
Jewish faith, who served in the wars of the United States
of x4merica, in order that we may be of greater service to
our country and to one another, associate ourselves to¬
gether for the following purposes:
To maintain true allegiance to the United States of
America; to foster and perpetuate true Americanism; to
combat whatever tends to impair the efficiency and per¬
manency of our free iñstitutions; to uphold the fair name
of the Jew and fight his battles wherever assailed; to en¬
courage the doctrine of universal liberty, equal rights, and
full justice to all men; to combat the powers of bigotry
and darkness wherever originating and whatever their
target; to preserve the spirit of comradeship by mutual j
helpfulness to comrades and their families; to instill love l
of Country and Flag and to promote sound minds and
bodies in our members and our youth; to preserve the
records of patriotic service performed by the men of our
faith; to honor their memory and shield from neglect the
graves of our heroic dead.”
Lt. Meyer Liebowitz Post 199, Jewish War Veterans
of the United States and its Ladies’ Auxiliary, has, under
the command of its new Commander, Joseph S. Wilensky,
undertaken to carry out the objectives stated in the
Preamble.
Considered a strong arm of Zionism, this Post has
delegated members to several national conventions, the
most successful of which was held in Washington, D. C.,
in July, 1946. Six of our members marched in that historic
parade of 5,000 Jewish War Veterans, demonstrating our
active interest in the immigration of 100,000 of our
coalitionists in Europe to Palestine.
Locally our committees are active in several fields.
We are in close contact with all the veteran organizations
in Jacksonville. The majority of our membership belongs
to non-Jewish veteran organizations.
Our Public Relations Committee is busy building up
good will among non-Jewish friends and at the same time
keeping active watch for the “hate salesmen” who, from
time to time, infiltrate into this community.
Our Hospital Committee visits with patients of all
faiths in the hospitals in this area and arranges entertain¬
ment and small gifts, in order to bring them a little cheer
and lighten their load a bit.
Our Social and Cultural Committee is doing an excel¬
lent job in keeping the membership entertained and in¬
formed through the medium of a number of successful
socials and speakers. Athletic activities are getting in¬
creasingly popular.
A plaque listing the names of our brothers who paid
the supreme sacrifice in the service of our country has
been ordered and will soon be presented to the Center.
Our membership is represented on the Mayor’s vet-
ran’s affairs committees, and we are in full cooperation
with local municipal activities.
Officers for the coming year are: Joseph Wilensky,
commander; Leo Weinstein, senior vice-commander; Sam
Goodfriend, junior vice-commander; Uly Mack, quarter¬
master; and Martin Wolfe, adjutant.
YMHA
The Young Men’s Hebrew Association, though operat¬
ing on a curtailed basis, is still a vital force in the com¬
munity life of the city.
With the opening of the Community Council’s quarters
and their taking over of the YMHA’s former youth pro¬
gram, the organization gave up its building on January 1;
however, it continues to function in the social and athletic
fields.
Socially the organization holds a Wednesday night
social and the attendance continues to be a heavy one.
