ORGANIZATIONS SERVING THE COMMUNITY
THE JEWISH
COMMUNITY COUNCIL
About ten years ago the Jewish Community Council
was formed and in 1943 the first professional director was
appointed. Under his direction the Council grew and took
its position with similar Councils throughout the country.
A public relations committee was formed, a community
newspaper, The Commentator, made its appearance, a
Lyceum series was instituted and several studies were
initiated, all with a view to coordinating and giving direc¬
tion to the growth of the Jewish community and its many
functioning organizations.
Actually, the Council is a joint partnership enterprise
in which the Jewish people and organizations of the com¬
munity are all share-holders. Put another way, the Council
is a service organization whose purpose is to provide the
kinds of service which would meet the needs of an or¬
ganized community.
The most widely accepted service, and a basic one, is
to make plans for all Jews to meet their obligations toward
their less-fortunate co-religionists. The Council carries
on this service through its annual United Jewish Campaign.
The Council, again from the viewpoint of service, or¬
ganized a Lyceum series, bringing to Jacksonville outstand¬
ing Jewish artists and lecturers to help the community
keep abreast of developments in Jewish art forms and
trends of thought in the current of Jewish national life.
The Council Commentator offers another service me¬
dium. Its columns reflect Jewish organizational life; it
provides a calendar of events so that all Jews, old timers
and newcomers, those affiliated as well as those not members
of any group, are aware of the purposes, programs and
plans of the organizations constituting our community.
The Commentator is an information guide to the services
of such agencies as the Home for the Aged and the Jewish
Welfare Society. It serves as an outlet for the Rabbis’
points of view. In this regard the activities of both Syna¬
gogue and Temple have the kind of publicity which en¬
courages a wider knowledge of their services, Sunday and
Hebrew School activities, etc.
The Public Relations Committee of the Council is
yet another resource to which are directed, on an orderly
basis, those problems both inside our own community and
those of our relationship with the non-Jewish community.
It is in this group that thoughtful and intelligent considera¬
tion, careful examination, and a judicious approach to
internal and external affairs is performed a vital service.
Then there is the entire area of community planning,
coordinating the activities of various groups, yet doing it
in such a manner as will not affect the autonnomy of any
group. Here common sense, objectivity and a genuine
good will are prime factors.
Quoting from a statement of principles recently pub¬
lished in The Commentator by Ben Stark, the newly-
appointed executive director:
uWe are not and do not desire to be a competitive
force against any organization. Whenever a program or
function is community-wide—that’s an area for the Council.
Whenever any action affects the Jewish community as a
whole—that’s a function of the Council. Coordination,
cooperation, information and service are key words syn¬
onymous with Council.”
Taken in that spirit, the United Campaign, the efforts
to work out areas of function, responsiblity, program with
(not for) each organization, the efforts to thrash out dif¬
ferences and cement relationships within the Jewish com¬
munity and with the non-Jewish community—these remain
the fundamental reasons for a Jewish Community Council.
