ORGANIZATIONS
¿Sszvíncj íÍie (2ommunííij
B’NAI B’RITH
A. B. Weil Lodge No. 800 is continuing to do fine work
as the leading Jewish service organization in the city. With
the lodges membership at five hundred, it is a potent force
in the community’s activities.
During the past year the lodge and the Women’s
Auxiliary were responsible for the establishment and fur¬
nishing of a Day Room at the Lake City Veteran’s Hospital.
The local lodge was also the driving force behind the
establishment of a Hillel House at the University of Florida
in Gainesville.
The meetings during the year were each devoted to a
topic of immediate interest to the community, such as:
Post War Night, Hillel Night, Youth Night, and Anti-
Defamation Night.
The officers for the coming year are: Arthur Gutman,
president; Max Becker, vice-president; Ben Chepenik,
vice-prseident; Leonard Cohn, vice-president; M. H.
Witten, trasurer; Irving Klepper, secretary; Morton Tur-
bow, warden; Rabbi Sidney Lefkowitz, chaplain; and
Sidney Entman, asst, chaplain.
B’NAI B’RITH WOMEN
After more than two years of peace, the B’Nai B’Rith
Women in Jacksonville carry on a program of Post-War
work which has endeared them to those many young men
who are still in the armed forces, either through choice or
through disability.
The local group has taken under its wing the day room
at the Lake City Veteran’s Hospital, which was furnished
fay the local B’Nai B’Rith lodge, and periodic visits are
made to that hospital to entertain the unfortunate youth
located there. Visits are also made to the hospital at the
Naval Air Station.
The local group has set as one of its aims for the
coming year the creation of better cooperation and under¬
standing among the Jewish women’s organizations in the
city. Through unified participation in all worthwhile
civic and public endeavors, it is felt that the Jewish women
in the city can make themselves felt as a vital force in the
community and fulfill their missions as service organiza¬
tions.
President of the local group for the coming year is
Mrs. Max Meyer.
B’NAI B’RITH YOUTH
COMMISSION
B’nai B’rith Youth Commission was organized in
February 1944 under the leadership of Harry Jaffee as
Chairman. A Committee was appointed to assist him in
directing youth activities of the B’nai B’rith organization
which consisted of B’nai B’rith Girls, B’nai B’rith Young
Women and AZA.
Since the Committee’s organzation, its aim has been
to develope a “Five Fold and Full” Program which was
originally outlined by the AZA.
Today this program has been adopted for all B’nai
B’rith organizations and it consists of religious work, social,
athletics, community service, and cultural.
Through the efforts of the youth organization, we can
justly be proud of some of the youth leaders we have de¬
veloped. At the present time, Beryl Weinstein of the
Jacksonville Chapter is the National Vice-President of AZA
and it is presumed that he will be elected National President
this coming year. Sol Proctor has become District President
of AZA. In the past our organization has always stressed
a very strict Jewish Program and we hope in the future
to be able to train Jewish boys and girls of this community
so that they will be able to make it a better place in which
to live.
Members of the Youth Commission are: Harry Jaffee,
Chairman; Max Becker, Mrs. Sidney Brown, Donald Cohn,
Leonard Cohn, Edith Galoob, Mrs. Major Reiser and Sam
Shuster.
LADIES HEBREW SHELTERING
AID SOCIETY
For more than two decades, the Ladies Hebrew Shel¬
tering Aid Society has served the community in welfare
work both among local people and transients. Its non¬
interest loan fund has enabled many families to overcome
financial difficulties. Each Passover, money is sent to
orphan homes and food is bought and prepared for inmates
of the State Prison.
During the past year, the Society has continued an
active and unfailing interest in its major project, the River
Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged. As an auxiliary of
the Home, it provides the warmth and personal contacts
so necessary for real living. Through the efforts and activi¬
ties of the Society, the residents of River Garden have con¬
tinued to be interested members of the Jacksonville
community and as such have not been forgotten.
As official hostess of River Garden, the Society per¬
formed in that capacity for the Georgia-Florid a Conference
on Service to the Aged, on Dedication Day, and on River
Garden’s first anniversary on March 30, 1947.
The Society arranges to have at least two of its regular
meetings at the home each year so that those members of
the Society who are residents of the Home may participate.
The present major project of the Society in connection
with the Home is to provide the medical and infirmary
equipment in the proposed new building which will be
constructed shortly.
