GIRL SCOUTS AND BROWNIES
GIRL SCOUT LEADERS
Troop 2
Mrs. Harry Falis
Mrs. Max Shmunes
Troop 29
Mrs. I. Schemer
Mrs. H. Setzer
BROWNIE LEADERS
Troop 198 Troop 199
Mrs. Louis Slott Mrs. Leo Michaelson
Mrs. I. Gartner Miss Louise Nyer
The past year has shown marked progress for the
Girl Scouts of the Center, who are sponsored by the
Daughters of Israel. In addition to the original Troop 2,
which has always met at the Center, the sponsoring organi¬
zation undertook to organize Troop 29, which meets at the
River Garden Home in Riverside, to make it more con¬
venient for those residing on the other side of town.
In addition, both Girl Scout Troops now have affiliated
Brownie Troops. The Brownies are for girls between the
ages of seven and ten and lay a foundation for future
scouting with those young women.
The Brownies have undertaken several projects under
their capable leaders and the results have been very grati¬
fying for the first year of existence. Among the projects
were making pot holders for Chanukah gifts, embroidered
handkerchiefs for Mother’s Day, and scrap books for the
children at Hope Haven.
The Girl Scout Troops, under their capable leaders,
have had as their aim the carrying out of the Scout pro¬
gram, the main highlights of which are learning democracy
by living it, developing character, and tolerance of indi¬
viduals regardless of religion. All girls of the required
ages, eleven to fourteen, regardless of sect, who have been
desirous of joining the troops in their respective neighbor¬
hoods, have been admitted.
The Girl Scouts have had as some of their projects
the making of aprons, the making of Easter baskets for
the Boys Home, assisting the Red Cross in the production
of greeting cards for the boys still overseas, and the adop¬
tion of several families in Palestine, to whom they have
sent clothes and money raised through their activities.
The Girl Scouts and the Brownies climaxed their
banner year by joining the Boy Scouts and Cubs in the
mass Scouting banquet held in the Center at the end of May.
