===== PAGE 1 =====
^?íeSenten
YEAR BOOK
1947 • 5708
• JñCKSOnVILLG J6UJISH C€t1T€R
JñCKSOnV!LL€, FLORIDA
===== PAGE 2 =====
FLAG
Jacksonville Beaches Popular
and
Largest Amusement Center
BOARDWALK
OPEN ALL YEAR
Cocktail Lounge
Restaurant
All kinds oí Sport and Results
Cecil Summers
JACKSONVILLE BEACH, FLORIDA
Joe Williams
Art Alexander
===== PAGE 3 =====

===== PAGE 4 =====
JflCKSOnVILL.6
5708
===== PAGE 5 =====

===== PAGE 6 =====

===== PAGE 7 =====
Edited and Published
by
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
Third and Silver Streets
Jacksonville, Florida
Year Book Committee
Robert J. Gordon, Chairman
Abe Diamond
Irving Klepper
Advertising Solicitors
Ethel Joel
Dave Gershon
===== PAGE 8 =====

===== PAGE 9 =====
Dedication
This page is inscribed
by the
jacksonuille Jewish Center
with a
Prayer for God’s Bounty
to those who give of themselves
and of their substance
toward the
Building and ¡Expansion fund
aiming to advance the
Ideals of Judaism
and
American Democracy
in the
Tradition of Torah
“May He prosper the work of their hands
and bestow blessings upon them.”
Amen.
SUGGESTED CHARACTER NEW UNIT—JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
===== PAGE 10 =====

===== PAGE 11 =====
'P&iexvaxct
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a Conservative Syna¬
gogue Center. It was founded at the turn of the century
under the name Congregation B’Nai Israel. The name was
changed twenty years ago on moving into the present
quarters at West Third and Silver Streets. The change
symbolized espousal of activities serving Jacksonville
traditional Jewry on a community scale.
Leadership by Rabbis trained at the Jewish Theo¬
logical Seminary of America and affiliation with the United
Synagogue of America gives the Center status among the
over four hundred congregations comprising the Con¬
servative movement in the United States. The Sisterhood,
known as the Daughters of Israel, is affiliated with the
Women’s League and more recently the Center Men’s Club
joined the National Federation, both sponsored by the
United Synagogue of America. Leading members of the
Congregation are on the National Advisory Board of the
Seminary and have formed the Jacksonville Friends of the
Seminary Society.
The Center’s Conservative affiliation means that it is
dedicated to the doctrine of progressive Jewish practice.
What has become hallowed by the Jewish past and what
has acquired sentimental significance in Jewish life is
here blended harmoniously with contemporary Jewish
experience.
The institution’s status as a Synagogue Center has the
connotation of inculcating Jewish religious and cultural
values through extension education, leisure time activity
and social functions. In keeping with its aims, the Center
acquired property adjoining the main building on West
Third Street, now designated as the Youth Building. Lo¬
cated on the same property is a gymnasium annex and an
outdoor athletic court. Another residence facing Silver
Street is awaiting evacuation of tenants to be incorporated
in the Center’s facilities for its ever expanding program.
For some time the Center has had a definite expansion
program and in the past few years tentative plans were set
for this program and the raising of funds was started.
However, in recent months this fund drive gained impetus
under the chairmanship of the immediate past president,
Harry Gendzier, and the major portion of the needed funds
has been subscribed. Actual planning of the additional
structures and remodelling of the present ones is engaging
the interest of a special committee headed by Ralph
Mizrahi, a member of the Board and of one of the leading
architectural firms in Jacksonville. Sketches and proposed
plans are being studied and revised constantly.
Nothing that is being planned in the new buildings
is actually new. The Center is now providing diversified
expression of Jewish religious, educational, cultural and
social forms. The present activities bear testimony to the
vital need of improved accommodations. The Center has
the philosophy of Judaism that appeals to the largest sec¬
tion of Jacksonville Jewry. The membership is growing,
necessitating increased seating for the High Holiday wor¬
ship. Registration in the different departments of religious
education is growing. The community expects from the
Center proper housing for the events that help express the
Jewish motif in the symphony that is inter-cultural
American life.
===== PAGE 12 =====

===== PAGE 13 =====
A MESSAGE FROM OUR RABBI
An era of fulfillment is in prospect for the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center. To put it in other words, the Center
is coming of age.
The confidence behind this assertion is drawn from
the pages that follow. Reflected in the 1947-48 (5708)
edition of the Year Book is a striving towards Jewishly
significant living within an American community.
Trends such as those indicated in the past year’s ac¬
tivity must have background. The seeds for their fruition
were planted years ago. They were nurtured by the simple
piety for which our people are noted and by self-sacrificing
devotion of many a leader. But it is quite evident that the
era of experimentation and adaptation is coming to a close.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is acquiring mature stature
in the galaxy of Conservative Jewish congregations in
America. Our program receives direction from the past and
zest from the needs of the present.
To those who may be conscious of the fact that many
worthy aims are still to be realized, I recommend the in¬
sight that organizations like individuals go through stages
of growth from infancy to maturity. Unrealized aims are
not discarded ones nor even discredited. They simply call
for greater effort and consecrated initiative.
Unlike the development of an individual, organizations
do not attain maturity automatically. Stunted growth
may also be the unfortunate lot of any living being, if the
normal process of development is hampered. Organizations
draw their strength and vitality from combined spiritual
endowments of their following.
At this stage of the Center’s history it is particularly
important that the membership at large envisage the total
objective towards which we are striving. The slightset
weakening in wholesome devotion and participation may
render the fellowship aged instead of coming of age. For
the sake of our complete enjoyment of life within a demo¬
cratic society, for the sake of realizing our destiny as a
people dedicated to God and moral living, we cannot fail
to grasp the opportunity of the hour.
The Year Book is more than chronicle of one year’s
activity in one synagogue. Recorded here is also the con¬
tribution made to American Jewry by other associations.
Each one forms, as it were, another column supporting
the edifice that Israel is building in an American outpost.
The structure of world Jewry is thereby magnified. The
honor of Israel is kept aloft. In most instances the Center
RABBI SANDERS A. TOFIELD
renders direct service to the organizations listed. With all,
it maintains an affinity of interest. To all, it extends co¬
operation and recognition as noteworthy endeavors and
pledges that its own expanded facilities will prove to their
enhancement.
Basing itself on the achievements of previous adminis¬
trations, the present one has taken determined steps
towards securing the promising future of the Center. The
staff is being bolstered constantly to render the program
more and more effective. Funds with which to expand and
improve present facilities are gathered with admirable
enthusiasm. Religious services, educational and social ac¬
tivities have better than average support from the mem¬
bership. Credit is due to the auxiliary bodies of the Center,
the Daughters of Israel, the Men’s Club, and the various
youth groups that engender fraternal spirit within the
organization and help make the synagogue the cultural and
spiritual home of Jacksonville Jewry.
With faith in God’s help, with confidence in the eter¬
nal verity of our work, in the interests of achieving pro¬
founder happiness for oursleves and for our children, let
us go forward with the progress that is within reach!
Rabbi Sanders A. To field
===== PAGE 14 =====
JOSEPH HACKEL, President
Greetings from the President:
“May this congregation be inscribed in the Book
of Life for a Happy New Year and be endowed with
Health and Peace.
“Le-Shanah Tovah Tikatevu.
“And to our suffering people may there be grant¬
ed the realization of their prayers.
“Le-Shanah Ha-Ba’ah Bi-Y erushalayim.”
Joseph Hacked
JOE BECKER
Vice-President
JACOB BECKER
V ice-President
HYMAN SELBER
V ice-President
LOUIS SAFER
Recording Secretary
ABE DIAMOND
Financial Secretary
ROBERT J. GORDON
Treasurer
ERWIN KANTOR
Auditor
===== PAGE 15 =====
OFFICERS AND COMMITTEES OF THE JACKSONVILLE TEWISH CENTER
Joseph Hackel
Joseph Becker
Jack Becker
Hyman Selber
Louis Safer
Abe Diamond
Robert J. Gordon
Erwin Kantor
President
V ice-President
V ice-President
V ice-President
Secretary
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
Auditor
Board of Directors
Mrs. Jack Becker
Mrs. Jake Bloom
Ben Chepenik
Irving Cohen
I. H. Edwards
Lou Feigenbaum
Sam Fletcher
Nathan Friedlin
Harry Gendzier
Mrs. Josepk Hackel
Herman Klausner
Irving Klepper
S. D. Kramer
Joe Krestul
Charles Kroser
Harry Leff
Julius Levin
Ben Mack
Oscar Magezis
Ralph Mizrahi
Dave Moss
Leonard Moss
Nathan Newman
Max Rose
Max Rubin
Moe Safer
Herbert Sandler
Abe Selber
Philip Selber
Ben Setzer
Nat Shorstein
Dr. Julius Sloat
Ira Stein
Herbert Talisman
Leo Weinstein
Joe Wilensky
Morris Wolfson
Sam Wolfson
Jack Becker
Joe Becker
Abe Diamond
Sam Fletcher
The Executive Committee
Joseph Hackel, President
Harry Gendzier
Robert Gordon
Erwin Kantor
Charles Kroser
Louis Safer
Hyman Selber
Philip Selber
The Cemetery Committee
Max Rubin, Chairman
Jack Becker
Joseph Hackel Oscar Magezis
Charles Kroser Max Mirkis
David Moss
Hyman Selber
Morris Wolfson
Budget and Finance
Joe Becker, Chairman
Robert Gordon
Erwin Kantor
S. D. Kramer
Harry Leff
Ira Stein
Morris Wolfson
Education
Philip Selber, Chairman
Jack Becker
Charles Kroser
Julius Levin
Dave Moss
Nathan Newman
Louis Safer
Dr. Julius Sloat
Joe Wilensky
Entertainment
Herbert Sandler, Chairman
Mrs. Jack Becker
Mrs. Jake Bloom
Irving Cohen
Lou Feigenbaum
Mrs. Joseph Hackel
Joe Krestul
Standing Committees
Expansion
Harry Gendzier, Chairman
Joe Becker
I. H. Edwards
Sam Fletcher
Robert Gordon
Ralph Mizrahi
Leonard Moss
Abe Selber
Philip Selber
Ben Setzer
Sam Wolfson
House
Hyman Selber, Chairman
Mrs. Jack Becker
Mrs. Jake Bloom
Mrs. Joseph Hackel
S. D. Kramer
Julius Levin
Oscar Magezis
Abe Selber
Membership
Abe Diamond, Chairman
Irving Cohen
Leo Weinstein
Religious
Jack Becker, Chairman
Charles Kroser
Julius Levin
Ben Mack
Oscar Magezis
Dave Moss
Herbert Talisman
Sick and Visiting
Charles Kroser, Chairman
S. D. Kramer
Ben Mack
Oscar Magezis
Max Rose
Max Rubin
Herbert Talisman
Youth
Robert Gordon, Chairman
Ben Chepenik
Nathan Friedlin
Herman Klausner
Irving Klepper
Moe Safer
Dr. Julius Sloat
===== PAGE 16 =====
MRS. JACK BECKER
MRS. JAKE BLOOM
IRVING COHEN
BEN CHEPENIK
LOU FEIGENBAUM SAM FLETCHER
NAT FRIEDLIN
IRVING KLEPPER
HARRY LEFF
HARRY GENDZIER
MRS. JOSEPH HACKEL
HERMAN KLAUSNER
S. D. KRAMER
BEN MACK
OSCAR MAGEZIS
JULIUS LEVIN
===== PAGE 17 =====
RALPH MIZRAHI DAVE MOSS
NATHAN NEWMAN
MAX ROSE
LEONARD MOSS
HERB SANDLER
PHILIP SELBER
MOE SAFER
BEN SETZER
NAT SHORSTEIN
DR. ROY SLOAT
IRA STEIN
LEO WEINSTEIN
JOE WILENSKY
MORRIS WOLFSON
SAM WOLFSON
===== PAGE 18 =====
THE RELIGIOUS STAFF
THE RABBI
Since the beginning of this year, the spiritual leader¬
ship of the Congregation has been in the hands of Rabbi
Sanders A. Tofield.
He was ordained at the Jewish Theological Seminary
of America and is a member of the Rabbinical Assembly of
America. He attended the College of the City of New York
and the University of Tulsa, receiving his B.A. degree with
a Psychology major and an English minor, and did gradu¬
ate studies in the field of religious education at Columbia
University. He is now matriculating at the Seminary, pur¬
suing a Doctor’s degree in the field of Talmud, with
emphasis on the education and psychological elements
underlying its opinions.
Prior to his present post, Rabbi Tofield served Con¬
gregation Adath Yeshurun, Houston, Texas, which merged
with another synagogue to form the present Congregation
Beth Yeshurun of that city. He has transferred to the
Southeast his cooperation with Jewish and civic associations
for which he was noted in Texas and the Southwest. Under
his guidance, the various departments of the Synagogue
have shown improved administration and more effective
functioning.
CANTOR ABRAHAM MARTON
THE CANTOR
Reverend Abraham Marton assumed his office at the
Center with the High Holidays of last year. In the year of
service that he is rounding out he has earned the applause
of Center worshippers for melodious rendition and modern
interpretation of the traditional liturgy. He is assisted by
a Choir of men and women whom he has trained to
professional standards.
The musical work of the religious school is under his
direction. Among his planned projects are a junior choral
group and a class in Hazanut for leaders of children’s and
youth services.
He is a member of the Hebrew School staff, offering
courses in the daily school, training Bar Mitzvah candi¬
dates, and directing the Sunday morning service of the
Minyan Club. In this sphere he has shown as much pro¬
ficiency as in the musical phases. He has been called upon
for musical programs by various synagogue and communal
organizations, to the delight of the respective audiences.
Cantor Marton served congregations in Youngstown,
Ohio; Baltimore, Maryland; Lebanon, Pennsylvania; and
Brooklyn, New York, prior to his coming to Jacksonville.
He received Jewish and musical education in Vienna,
Austria, from its Seminary, Schubert Conservatory of
Music, and prominent Cantors.
THE HAZAN AND READER
For the major part of the Center’s existence it has
had the good fortune to be served by Rev. B. Safer. He is
Reader of the Torah, Hazan at Shaharis Services, and
chants the Musaf for the supplemental High Holiday ser¬
vices that are conducted along strictly traditional lines.
Rev. Safer also serves the community as the only Mohel
in the city. His assistance at various religious functions
that require knowledge of our ancient lore is invaluable.
He is also in charge of study groups in our sacred classic
literature, Talmud, Mishnah and Hagadah.
REV. B. SAFER
===== PAGE 19 =====
THE CHOIR
Outstanding among the new developments at the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center during the past year, was the
formation and subsequent development of the Center
Choral Group under the direction and inspiration of
Cantor Abraham Marton.
Although in existence for less than one year the Choral
Group has established a reputation and following among
those who appreciate Jewish cultural and liturgical music.
From an original nucleus of six persons meeting at the
home of Ben Chepenik, the group has grown to its present
strength of twenty-one voices.
The group has been sponsored by the Center Men’s
Club, with actual details being administered by a com¬
mittee headed by Julius Levin. The Men’s Club, through
this committee, is due considerable credit for the success
of the group in its initial year, since it equipped the group
with gowns, defrayed the expenses of the necessary music
and provided for the various other financial requirements.
Even during the time that the special male choir for
the high holidays was being trained, the larger mixed
choir group was already rehearsing for its performances
at the Friday evening services. As a result the group was
able to serve at the first service held and continued to assist
Cantor Marton in officiating at the service throughout the
remainder of the year.
In addition to its appearance in the Friday evening
service, the group participated in several recitals, and
special appearances at various events including among
those appearances were those at the Naval Air Station,
before the Men’s Club, and in Lyceum Series Concert.
The group is not restricted to Jewish religious music
but also participates in all phases of Hebrew and Yiddish
music and classical and semi-classical musical compositions.
The choral group plans for the coming year are quite
extensive. The highlight of the planned activity being a
concert during Jewish music week in March to feature a
guest soloist.
The officers of the group are Leo Moskowitz, president;
Elaine Gross, secretary, and Albert Bressler, treasurer.
All of the work of the group is directed by Cantor Marton
and the piano accompanist for the group has been Mrs.
Albert Bressler.
Other members of the choir are: Joe Abisch, Irene
Borkson, Julian Borkson, Joel Bressler, Sylvia Cherry,
Raymond W. Cohen, Hermina Doych, Gertrude Freidlin,
Mrs. Harry Koenigsberg, Harry Koenigsberg, Victoria
Levy, Melvin Margol, Joel Selber, Mrs. Mitchell Schemer,
Mrs. David Torn, Faye Torn, and Mrs. Joseph Young.
THE CHOIR
===== PAGE 20 =====
CENTER EVENTS OF THE YEAR
Sept. 4, 1946—Opening of Hebrew School.
Sept. 5, 1946—Opening of Nursery-Kindergarten.
Sept. 8, 1946—Opening of Sunday Religious School.
Oct. 14, 1946—Daughters of Israel Luncheon
meeting.
Oct. 22, 1946—Men’s Club—“Meet the Press” forum:
Harry Gendzier, Jack Becker, Philip
Selber, Joseph Hackel.
Nov. 19, 1946—Jewish Community Council Lecture;
Samuel Levenson, humorist.
Nov. 26, 1946—Men’s Club Illustrative lecture on
Jewish music—Cantor Marton.
Nov. 27, 1946—Daughters of Israel Thanksgiving
Dance at Roosevelt Hotel.
Nov. 29, 1946—Sabbath Services Mr. Herschell
Auerback, Zionist speaker.
Dec. 13, 1946—Joint Temple and Center Hanukah
Services, Rabbi Sidney M. Lefkowitz,
speaker.
Dec. 15, 1946—Jewish Community Council concert—
Marguerite Kozenn and Julius Chajes.
Dec. 31, 1946—Daughters of Israel New Year’s
Eve Dance.
Jan. 7, 1947—Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society
Card Party.
Jan. 13, 1947—Jewish Community Council concert—
Interpretive dancing: Zvi Schooler
and Benjamin Zemach.
Jan. 14, 1947—Joint meeting of all Zionist groups.
Jan. 15, 1947—Center annual election meeting, Jo¬
seph Hackel elected President.
Jan. 16, 1947—Progressive Credit Union Banquet.
Jan. 26, 1947—B’Nai B’Rith Initiation of Class,
Justice Maier Steinbrink, speaker.
Jan. 28, 1947—Men’s Club Dinner Meeting Debate
on Religious Education: Jack Becker,
Harry Kolitz, Louis Safer, Philip
Selber.
Jan. 29, 1947—First Meeting Center Board Buffet
Supper, home of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Hackel.
Feb. 4, 1947—Special Center Board Meeting, Rabbi
Tofield called to Center pulpit.
Feb. 7, 1947—Boy Scout Sabbath, Joseph Mizrahi,
Scoutmaster, and Troop members
participating.
Feb. 11, 1947—Z.O.A. Meeting, Dr. Joseph Goldberg,
speaker.
Feb. 21, 1947—J. W. Y. Sabbath, Joseph Wilensky,
Commander, speaks on “The Spirit
of Washington”.
Feb. 25, 1947—B & P W Card Party.
Feb. 26, 1947—Men’s Club Annual Ladies Night
Play “Purim Hi-Jinx” presented by
pupils of Hebrew School.
Mar. 2, 1947—Men’s Club “Monte Carlo”.
Mar. 6, 1947—Annual Purim Seudah and Installa¬
tion Banquet for Rabbi Tofield and
newly elected Officers and Board of
Center. Dr. Abraham E. Millgram of
of the Jewish Theological Seminary,
speaker.
Mar. 7, 1947—Joint Purim Service held at the
Temple—Rabbi Tofield, speaker.
Mar. 9, 1947—Young Judaean Carnival.
Mar. 9, 1947—Purim Assembly.
Mar. 10, 1947—Jewish War Veterans Bingo Party.
Mar. 14, 1947—B. B. Young Women Sabbath.
Mar. 21, 1947—Young Judaea Sabbath.
Mar. 31, 1947—Community Council Concert,
Molly Picon.
Apr. 1, 1947—Men’s Club Model Sedar, Masada
Club invited as guests.
Apr. 18, 1947—Hadassah Sabbath Mrs. Harry Katz,
“Underground to Palestine”.
Apr. 27, 1947—Opening of Men’s Club Soft Ball
League.
May 8, 1947—Jr. Hadassah and Masada program,
Miss Chava Schelzer, guest speaker.
May 9, 1947—Mother’s Day Service, greetings by
Mrs. Jack Becker, Daughters of Israel
and Mr. Herbert Sandler, Center
Men’s Club; Girl Scouts participating.
May 11, 1947—A. Z. A. Minstrel.
May 18, 1947—Boy Scout and Cub Scout Banquet.
May 20, 1947—Daughters of Israel closing luncheon.
May 23, 1947—Choir Sabbath “Gift of Music”
sermon topic by Rabbi Tofield;
Presentations; Cantor Marton, Joseph
Hackel, Harry Gendzier, Jacob
Becker, Leo Moscowitz, Mrs. J.
Becker.
May 25, 1947—Confirmation Services.
May 29, 1947—Closing exercises of Hebrew School
at Sabbath services.
May 30, 1947—Closing exercises of Center Sunday
Religious School.
June 4, 1947—Men’s Club Dinner Dance, Installation
of Officers, Dr. J. Roy Sloat, president.
===== PAGE 21 =====
RELIGIOUS EDUCATION
In progressive educational circles no distinction is
made between formal classroom instruction and those ac¬
tivities usually classed as play. Desirable attitudes and
habits are equally important with academic knowledge.
Furthermore, even intellectual information may be trans¬
mitted through play activity as well as through verbal
instruction.
Religious education takes cognizance of the same prin¬
cipal. Whether it be the art of worship, development of
good fellowship, ethical behavior, religious motivation is
present, therefore also religious education.
A well balanced program of Jewish education should
coordinate book learning with experience in Jewish living.
This, the Center aims to accomplish. In traditional termi¬
nology, the dual aspect of religiosity was termed Midrash
and Ma’ase. Their nearest English equivalent is learning
and practise.” Our desecription will therefore include
both formal and activity centered phases of education.
Educational Director—The Center is about to wel¬
come its newest and one of the important members of its
staff. Mr. Theodore Gross is arriving in September to
assume the post of Educational Director. He will adminis¬
ter the Daily Hebrew School, the Sunday morning Classes,
Nursery-Kindergarten, Summer Day Camp, and take charge
of Youth activities.
Bar Mitzvah is an outstanding religious experience
for a young boy and an event of great moment to his par¬
ents and dear ones. Our school discourages an impression
prevalent among some people, namely that the consecration
ceremony is the acme of Jewish education. Every candi¬
date for Bar Mitzvah is required to have a number of years
of Hebrew education to his credit. He is made to under¬
stand that after he has been accorded the welcome into the
Jewish religious community, he has an even greater
obligation to further his knowledge of Judaism.
The Bar Mitzvah ceremony, however, is regarded by
the Center as a sacred contribution to the spiritual well¬
being of its following. Considerable attention is given to
the details of the celebration. It has become customary for
the family of the celebrant to act as hosts to the Congrega¬
tion at an Oneg Shabbat following Friday Evening Services,
as well as at the Kiddush that comes after the Sabbath
morning services. Parents join in a prayer of thanksgiving.
The Esquire Club has inaugurated the presentation of a
book of Jewish interest to every Bar Mitzvah.
During the past season the following became Bar
Mitzvah from the Center synagogue pulpit: Norman
Greenbaum, October 11, 1946; Stanley Kantor, October 19,
1946; Ruby Stanley, November 9, 1946; Joel Bressler,
November 30, 1946; Melvin Wall, January 25, 1947;
THE BAR MITZVAH GROUP
Mr. Gross is a graduate of the Yeshivah College and
of its teacher’s training school, the Bet Ha-Midrash Le-
Morim. He comes to Jacksonville from Wilmington, Dela¬
ware, and has served in similar capacity at Johnston, and
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He also served in the United
States Army during the war. This past summer he shared
in the administration of a well known boys’ camp.
Leonard Fleet, February 22, 1947; Joe Abisch, March 1,
1947; Harold Horovitz, March 15, 1947; Larry Goldberg,
March 29, 1947; Samuel Gordon, April 26, 1947; Melvin
Friedlin, May 10, 1947.
Among the planned projects for next year is the insti¬
tution of a Bar Mitzvah ceremony for girls. This practice
has been found beneficial wherever it was introduced.
===== PAGE 22 =====
Our school hopes, by means of this ceremony, to arouse
greater interest in Hebrew education and acquaintance with
synagogue procedure among the girls of our community.
Minyan Club—An important extension of the educa¬
tional and religious functions of the Center was the intro¬
duction that year of an additional service, the Sunday
morning Minyan Club. Recent Bar Mitzvah boys join with
Daily Hebrew School—By means of the classes of¬
fered to boys and girls on week-day afternoons, the Center
hopes to achieve the largest portion of its objectives in
religious education. Here the student learns the Hebrew
language, the language of our prayers, of our pioneers in
Palestine, of the Bible that is at the center of all our spiri¬
tual guidance and that we call Torah. Lessons in history
THE MINYAN CLUB
their older friends in a weekly public worship which in¬
cludes the use of Tefilin. Numerous young men have thus
learned to participate in the order of worship that the
Hebrew School teaches theoretically. Cantor Marton di¬
rected this service with the assistance of Mr. Harry Kolitz.
Following the service the boys were the guests of the
Daughters of Israel at breakfast. An average of twenty-five
youths attended the Minyan Club services.
The Junior Congregation that holds services Satur¬
day mornings with Mr. Harry Kolitz in charge, continued in
its established policy of developing the habit of regular
synagogue attendance. Services were led by the children
and some delivered brief explanations of the weekly Torah
reading. On several occasions the older boys and girls met
for a Youth service under the guidance of Mr. Louis Safer.
Merit Prizes for outstanding achievement in Hebrew
School, sponsored by the Daughters of Israel, were aug¬
mented this year by a much coveted award, a month’s stay
at an educational camp. From a list of ten candidates re¬
viewed by the Education Committee, Joel Bressler and
Pearl Aronowitz were selected for the Scholarship to
Camp Cejwin, conducted by the Central Jewish Institute
of New York at Port Jervis, New Jersey. They are enrolled
there for the month of August. The Daughters of Israel
made this scholarship available to a boy and a girl who in
the judgment of the Committee are most likely to benefit
from their experience and influence others in furthering
Hebrew education. An honorable mention award in the
form of a Scholarship to the Center Summer Day Camp
was voted to Helene Zimmerman.
and ceremonial practice are also made more vivid when
taught in conjunction with the sacred language of our
ancestors. Hebrew knowledge, whether of limited or ex¬
tensive degree, is our surest line of communication between
the past and the future.
In the past season nearly one hundred boys and girls
attended the six classes held on alternate days. They came
by the buses operated by the Center, had their snack at a
brief assembly, went to class at 4 o’clock, at 5:10 there was
a ten minute recess, on dismissal that came at 6:15 they
were taken home by the Center bus. Before special occa¬
sions they spent the last fifteen minutes for group singing
led by the Cantor.
The staff consisted of Cantor Marton, Mrs. Harry
Abrams, and Mr. Harry Kolitz. Mrs. Abrams moved from
Jacksonville this summer. Her place on the faculty will
now be taken by Mr. Gross. Effort is now also being made
to engage part-time tutors in Hebrew for the benefit of
students who can benefit from individual attention.
Class VI, taught by the Cantor, had most of the boys
who were Bar Mitzvah during the year. Their continuation
at Hebrew School betokens awakened interest in Hebrew
studies. Many of them and other students who have made
sufficient progress will be eligible for the graduation class
planned for the coming season.
Sunday Morning Religious School—The one-day-a-
week school meeting Sunday mornings is limited in scope.
Synagogue leadership as well as the Jewish education pro¬
fession have long been aware of its inadequacy. The rich
Jewish heritage and the manifold requirements of current
===== PAGE 23 =====
Jewish life cannot be fully appreciated in one session a
week. Teaching the Hebrew language is entirely impos¬
sible. The parent who wants to see his child well adjusted
in the Jewish fold will see to it that he or she takes advan¬
tage of the Hebrew School program. In the not too distant
future the Center will have greater coordination between
these two programs.
Chief advantage of the Sunday morning Religious
School is its possibility of enrolling the largest number of
pupils. Practically all children of the Congregation can
rally at the synagogue at one time. Many educational ex¬
periments were made possible by the flexible objectives
of this type school.
In our own case the Sunday morning Religious School
has done commendable work. Most of the achievement
can be credited to the unusual devotion of the staff mem¬
bers. It was headed by the Principal, Philip Selber, and
was composed of the following: Jacqueline Falis, Marie
THE
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
TEACHERS
THE
HEBREW
SCHOOL
===== PAGE 24 =====
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL
The Primary Department
Kindergarten, First
and Second Grades
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER;
YOUTH BUILDING -j
The Senior Department
Seventh, Eighth, Ninth
and Tenth Grades
The Intermediate Department
Third, Fourth, Fifth
and Sixth Grades
===== PAGE 25 =====
Flauman, Gertrude Freidlin, Rosalyn Glickman, Frank
Gusky, Sylvia Haber, Sonya Heyman, Mrs. Janice Kirschen-
baum, Harry Koenigsberg, Harry Kolitz, Bernice Margo-1,
Isadore Moscovitz, Mrs. Norman Moss, Idlene Portnoy,
Mrs. Major Reiser, Charlotte Rose, Evelyn Schain, Ruth
Spiwak, and Mrs. Shelby Trager.
The Daughters of Israel has again aided in promoting
Jewish education by providing refreshments at the various
holiday celebrations, prizes awarded at the Closing Exer¬
cises and by supplying the funds for the teacher’s fees.
Their liberal attitude made it possible to raise the profes¬
sional status of the staff, a process that is being pursued
constantly.
The Men’s Club joined in providing educational in¬
centives by sponsoring a monthly prize for the class that
excelled in an inter-class competition. At the close of the
season the Pilton Cup, which is awarded annually to the
best class, went to the Sixth Grade. The Hackel Cup,
awarded annually to the best all-round student, was won
by Elka Miriam Block.
Two hundred and thirty-one pupils registered in the
School during the season. Over ninety per cent completed
Diane Safer, Gerald Sohn, Mitzi Speigler, Paul S. Strauss,
and Morris J. Worman.
In a most impressive and festive atmosphere each
Confirmant participated in a Profession of Faith ritual
conducted by Rabbi Tofield who also addressed them on
the theme “More Torah, More Life.” The liturgy was ren¬
dered by Cantor Marton to the accompaniment of the
Choir. The President of the Center, Mr. Joseph Hackel,
presented the certificates, Mrs. Jacob Becker, President
of the Daughters of Israel, the Bibles, and the Chairman
of the Education Committee, Mr. Philip Selber, the prizes
that consisted of a newly established A.Z.A. award to the
highest ranking student, won by Beverly Diane Safer, the
Florence May Bono essay prize which was shared by Her-
mina Doych and Eileen Grossman. This service was also
the occasion when a plaque in recognition of meritorious
service to the synagogue was presented to Morris D. Wolfson
by a former President of the Center, Mr. Abe Newman.
Nursery-Kindergarten—The Center is proud of the
daily Nursery Kindergarten it sponsors under the direction
of Mrs. M. J. Reiser. Children between the ages of four
and six are called for at their homes at nine o’clock and
THE CONFIRMANOS
their work, which is an excellent record in comparison
with reports from other communities and national statistics.
The same favorable comparison is found in attendance,
continuation with the course of study, and Keren Ami
contributions records.
Pupils are classified into ten grades and a kindergarten.
The subject matter included Bible Stories, Jewish person¬
alities through the ages, History, Jewish observances, cur¬
rent events, religious ideals, the Prophets, Palestine and
Zionism, Jewish literature, History of the Jews in the
United States.
Confirmation services are held for the students who
have completed the Tenth Grade, thus marking also gradua¬
tion from Religious School. This year’s Confirmation
Service was held Shavuos night, May 25th, with the follow¬
ing members in the class: Irwin David Bono, Paul Joseph
Bossen, Hermina Doych, Ann Dwoskin, Eileen G. Gross-
man, Rena Joyce Harris, Sylvia Rita Rothstein, Beverly
are returned at noon. They pursue a program of guided
play, musical and dramatic drill, nature study, community
acquaintance, Jewish practices and forms, and a Hebrew
vocabulary suitable to their comprehension.
On completion of the course the children are equipped
with the standard knowledge and skills and are eligible
for First Grade work in public schools. Those who were
thus advanced this year are: Linda Davis, Linda Edwards,
Herbert Fishier, Sandra Freedman, Barry Ginsburg, Sarah
Husney, Phyllis Krantz, Paula Moscovitz, Shaller Mosco¬
vitz, Robert Panken, Edward Robin, Victor Schnider, and
Dennis Wood.
An additional thirty-one children are continuing next
season and a larger number than those who were promoted
this year is expected to register for the new season. Nego¬
tiations are now in progress with prospective staff members
who will help diversify the, program and intensify the
Cultural content. Among the aims of this department is
===== PAGE 26 =====
to extend the Center’s combined Jewish and general educa¬
tion into several primary grades.
Summer Day Camp—Jewish institutions and agencies
all over the country have become increasingly aware of
the possibilities inherent in vacation time programming,
a trend that is evident in the general community both re¬
ligious and secular. The Center is keeping pace with this
tendency. Every year progressive measures are taken to
insure a summer replete with wholesome play, civic in¬
terest, Jewish religious and cultural attainments, and fellow¬
ship. The agency is the Summer Day Camp.
Between forty and fifty campers enjoyed either part
or the entire eight weeks from June 9th to July 31st. The
day began at a Flag raising ceremony in front of the Youth
Building upon arrival of the Center buses and ended after
a Brief assembly in the auditorium. What took place be¬
tween nine o’clock in the morning and five in the afternoon,
Mondays through Fridays of the eight weeks is conveyed
best in the regret expressed by the campers when they
THE
NURSERY
AND
KINDERGARTEN
===== PAGE 27 =====
danced the Hora at the conclusion of the closing assembly.
Parents and Center officers present heard the universal
exclamation “too bad it’s over.”
Only a brief summary of activities is possible here.
Hebrew and Siddur was offered in several sections. Athletics
and games, daily open air pool swimming and once a week
at Jacksonville Beach, Palestinian dances, folk songs and
sacred melodies, dramatic skits, handicraft with Jewish
motifs helped combine diversion with education. Trips
to Silver Springs, the city of St. Augustine, industrial plants,
U. S. Naval installations, to mention only a few, cheered
along by such tunes of “Vetaher Libenu” and “Amar Rabbi
Akiba” will leave a lasting impression of the relevance in¬
herent in American Jewish cultural pride. Meals were
prepared in our kitchen and partaken in a traditional
setting of song, benediction and grace. The Friday noon
V
“Shabbat” meal was graced by the visit of a “Sabbath
Mother of the Week”.
Credit for the well-rounded program is due to the
staff: J. Harold Romirowsky, Rabbinical candidate at the
Jewish Theological Seminary, Director; Mrs. Romirowsky,
student at the Seminary College of Jewish Studies; Primary
and Kindergarten Instructor; Frank C. Gusky, Athletic
Director; Gertrude Meyerhoff, student at the Seminary
School for Jewish studies, Hebrew Instructor; Jack W.
Deegan, Arts and Crafts Instructor; Mrs. Rose Nabin, in
charge of meals; and the Junior Counselors, Neil Presser,
Tony Richmond and Helene Zimmerman.
The Camp was also visited by groups from Christian
Vacation Bible Classes and the delegates to the South¬
eastern District Convention of Young Judea held at the
Center in June.
HOURS DEDICATED TO WORSHIP
The regular religious worship of the Congregation
takes place as follows:
Daily: Traditional Minyan is held mornings at 7:30,
evenings at sunset, in the Chapel.
Sabbaths: Kabalat Shabbat, Friday evenings at sunset
in the Chapel.
Family Sabbath Service, Friday nights at 8
o’clock, in the main Synagogue; Rabbi,
Cantor and Choir officiating.
Saturday Mornings, adult service, 8:30, in the
main Synagogue. Junior Congregation,
10 o’clock, in the Chapel, Mr. Harry
Kolitz in charge.
Bar Mitzvah Minyan Club, Sundays, 9:00
A.M., directed by Cantor Marton, Mr.
Harry Kolitz assisting.
Festivals: Same as Sabbaths.
High Holidays : All services held in the main Syna¬
gogue; supplemental strictly traditional
services in the Auditorium; Junior Con¬
gregation, in the Chapel; Youth Ser¬
vice, in the Youth Building.
Prayer Books: The following editions of the prayer are
used on the respective occasions:— “Sabbath and Festival
Prayer Book”, published by the Rabbinical Assembly of
America and the United Synagogue; for the Reading of the
Torah, the Hertz edition of the Humash; the “Standard
Prayer Book” at all services held in the Chapel; on the
High Holidays the Adler edition of “Services of the
Synagogue”; also the Silverman edition of the adult and
junior Prayer Books.
===== PAGE 28 =====
The Daughters of Israel. . .
MRS. JACK BECHER, President
It is appropriate that the Sisterhood, so distinctly a
part of our Synagogue, present an accounting to our Com¬
munity. This should not only serve as a record of past
performances but as a basic presentation of the general
subject for continued activities.
For just as we are individually admonished in our
High Holy Days’ prayers, to take stock of ourselves, so too,
we can apply this to our unified efforts and seek to deter¬
mine wherein we are weak and strive for an improvement.
In the intricate pattern of the functions we embrace,
there are none so insignificant as not to have had their
bearing on the larger whole, thereby adding to the value of
the entire program. These facts are well known to the
average member, but they are of such import, that it is
ever timely to stress them, so that every Jewish woman,
young and old alike, may take her proper place and help
us weave into reality the beautiful fabric of our Jewish
heritage, making it more meaningful to herself and to our
Jewish Community.
Keeping abreast with the strong movement through¬
out the country which recognizes the great need for the
furtherance of Jewish Education, we have attempted to
stimulate the interest of our youth. Two things have been
done in this direction. First, the creation of the Sunday
Minyan Club, which has met with an enthusiastic response,
and second, hte establishment of the Scholarship Fund,
affording the opportunity to one boy and one girl from
our Hebrew School, each year, of a month’s vacation at a
Jewish Educational Camp. The winners of this year’s
awards, Pearl Aronowitz and Joel Bressler, will personally
benefit from this arrangement and in the course of their
future contacts while they are pursuing Jewish studies,
they will be able to transmit to others the glow and appre¬
ciation for Jewish values which they derived through
their summer experiences.
Modestly, we can also point to the numerous prizes
which are presented to Hebrew School and Sunday School
scholars alike. In each instance, it is hoped that a seed
has been planted that will ultimately bear fruitful results.
Our religious department has continued to implement
the teaching about the holidays in the classrooms with the
proper observances of them with customs and ceremonies
and traditional delicacies. Likewise, this department has
instituted the presentation of Palestinian Mezuzahs to the
new brides of our Congregation.
To name but a few of our larger affairs, we recall the
gala Purim Seudah which was completely undertaken and
gainfully accomplished by our women. Our Thanksgiving
Eve Dance was an outstanding social and financial success.
Equally so, our New Year’s Eve Affair appreciably in¬
creased our treasury. All these have made it possible for
us to expand our program and assume newly added
obligations.
When we again resume our functions in the auditorium
of our Center, we need no longer feel apologetic for the
appearance of our stage, for a new and beatifully draped
curtain, and a very effective system of lighting has been
added to please our most fastidious audience.
The coming season with its many months should afford
us all many opportunities for the continuance of our ser¬
vices to our Sisterhood, and through it, to our Synagogue
and Judaism.
Officers for the coming year are: Mrs. Jacob J. Becker,
president; Mrs. Joel Fleet, Mrs. Harry Jaffee and Mrs. I. H.
Edwards, vice-president; Mrs. Norman Moss, recording
secretary; Mrs. Abraham Marton, corrseponding secretary;
Mrs. Helman Setzer, financial secretary; and Mrs. Jacob
Bloom, treasurer.
===== PAGE 29 =====
The Jewish Center Men’s Club
Last year witnessed an increase in tempo of the activi¬
ties of the Jewish Center Men’s Club, and its “coming of
age” as an integral part of the parent institution.
Though only in its second year the Club achieved a
number of signal distinctions. The regular attendance at
its meetings was by far the largest of any regularly meeting
Jewish organization in Jacksonville. Its programs were
outstanding for the interest created and their Jewish con¬
tent. The Club offered for the first time a medium for the
individual member to participate in the manifold activities
of the congregation, and similarly a common social meet¬
ing ground for the membership. It offered to a limited
extent recreational and athletic facilities for its members.
Culturally, the organization presented a series of
outstanding programs. The following programs were fea¬
tured: a “Meet the Board” type of panel discussion with
the officers of the parent institution appearing before the
group and being subjected to the queries of the member¬
ship; a “Jewish Music” evening, featuring the Center
Choral Group, and a talk by Cantor Marton on the deriva¬
tion of Jewish Music; a debate on the value of the Jewish
Sunday School system; a Purim play by the students of
the Hebrew School entitled “Purim Hi-Jinks”, directed
by Cantor Marton; a model Passover Seder for the purpose
of exhibiting and instructing the membership on the ritual
of the Passover festival; and a clinical discussion by the
general membership of the program of the organization
for the coming year.
Financially, the organization solidified its position.
Its annual “Monte Carlo” Night proved a huge financial
and social success replenishing the treasury and enabling
the organization to embark upon a much expanded pro¬
gram for the coming year. The paid-up membership well
exceeded one hundred and fifty and the outlook for the
coming year for membership is even brighter. The nominal
membership dues included dinners for all of the regular
meetings.
The Club undertook a number of very worthwhile
projects during the year in its effort to expand its scope
of operation. The Men’s Club sponsored and financed the
organization of the Center Choral group, which proved to
be such a valuable addition to the religious and cultural
life of the Center. The Club offered prizes for the best
class competition in the Sunday School, sponsored the gifts
HERBERT SANDLER
Immediate Past President
of fruit and candy for the Simchath Torah celebration,
acted as ushers for the High Holy Day services, and par¬
ticipated in the Mother’s Day services.
The Club also presented an unusual number of social
and athletic activities for the benefit of its members. A
very successful bowling league was inaugurated, the Club
entered a diamondball team in the Center Sunday league,
and a number of interesting movies were shown at the
meetings. A highlight of the year’s social activities was
the first annual installation dinner dance given in June.
A regular attraction at the meetings was the excellent
dinners served by a volunteer catering committee.
Herbert Sandler, as president of the organzation, gave
it direction and leadership in the expansion of its program.
Dr. Julius Sloat, the incoming president, has already met
with the new officers and committee members and an even
greater program for 1947-1948 has been outlined. The Club
meets the last Monday of each month and all members of
the Center are eligible for affiliation.
The officers of the Club for the coming year are:
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat, president; Julius Levin, Louis Safer,
Irving Cohen and Louis Moss, vice-presidents; Moe Safer,
secretary; and Herbert Sandler, treasurer.
===== PAGE 30 =====
GIRL SCOUTS AND BROWNIES
GIRL SCOUT LEADERS
Troop 2
Mrs. Harry Falis
Mrs. Max Shmunes
Troop 29
Mrs. I. Schemer
Mrs. H. Setzer
BROWNIE LEADERS
Troop 198 Troop 199
Mrs. Louis Slott Mrs. Leo Michaelson
Mrs. I. Gartner Miss Louise Nyer
The past year has shown marked progress for the
Girl Scouts of the Center, who are sponsored by the
Daughters of Israel. In addition to the original Troop 2,
which has always met at the Center, the sponsoring organi¬
zation undertook to organize Troop 29, which meets at the
River Garden Home in Riverside, to make it more con¬
venient for those residing on the other side of town.
In addition, both Girl Scout Troops now have affiliated
Brownie Troops. The Brownies are for girls between the
ages of seven and ten and lay a foundation for future
scouting with those young women.
The Brownies have undertaken several projects under
their capable leaders and the results have been very grati¬
fying for the first year of existence. Among the projects
were making pot holders for Chanukah gifts, embroidered
handkerchiefs for Mother’s Day, and scrap books for the
children at Hope Haven.
The Girl Scout Troops, under their capable leaders,
have had as their aim the carrying out of the Scout pro¬
gram, the main highlights of which are learning democracy
by living it, developing character, and tolerance of indi¬
viduals regardless of religion. All girls of the required
ages, eleven to fourteen, regardless of sect, who have been
desirous of joining the troops in their respective neighbor¬
hoods, have been admitted.
The Girl Scouts have had as some of their projects
the making of aprons, the making of Easter baskets for
the Boys Home, assisting the Red Cross in the production
of greeting cards for the boys still overseas, and the adop¬
tion of several families in Palestine, to whom they have
sent clothes and money raised through their activities.
The Girl Scouts and the Brownies climaxed their
banner year by joining the Boy Scouts and Cubs in the
mass Scouting banquet held in the Center at the end of May.
===== PAGE 31 =====
TROOP 14
Under the guidance of Scoutmaster Joe Mizrahi and
Assistant Scoutmasters David Barnett and Erwin Gendzier,
Troop 14 met weekly during the 1946-47 school year to
increase their knowledge of scouting and scout craft and
advance individually to the highest scout ranks. In line
with this, Jack Eff became an Eagle Scout and Stanley
Kantor a Life Scout.
On Parent’s Night the charter was presented to the
Troop by Joel Richards, District Scout Commissioner.
The year’s highlight was a scout banquet given in the
Center auditorium Sunday, May 18, 1947 with approxi¬
mately three hundred present. All scout elements of the
Center were in attendance and the principal speaker was
Scout Executive, M. G. Boswell, of the North Florida
Council.
Many of the boys spent the first week in July at Camp
Echockotee.
Members of the Troop Committee are: Robert Gordon,
Chairman, Harry Katz, Perry Kantor, Mesod Bono, Rabbi
Tofiehl, Harry Eff.
NATHAN FRIEDLIN, CUBMASTER
JOSEPH MIZRAHI, SCOUTMASTER
CUB PACK 14
Under the guidance of Cub Master, Nathan Friedlin,
and Assistant Cub Master, Hyman Selber, the Cub Pack
made strides in training the young boys for a future in
scouting. Meetings were held weekly and knowledge
of scouting and scout craft was imparted by capable
instructors.
During the year many events were held in the form of
picnics and outings to various places of interest. The
cubs joined with the boy scout and girl scout organizations
in the mass scout banquet given on Sunday, May 18, 1947.
Members of the Cub Committee are: Charles Feinstein,
Chairman; David Torn, Mrs. Perry Safer, Ansel Chepenik,
Phil Sher and Mrs. Charles Feinstein, Chief Den Mother.
===== PAGE 32 =====
MARRIAGES
Bernice Carlton to Irving Ghelerter, September 8, 1946
Margie Kessler to Meyer Proctor, September 9, 1946 in Chicago, Ill.
Edith Wolfson to Gus Gross, October 27, 1946
Miriam Cohn to Isadore Setzer, November 3, 1946
Dora Gross to Manuel Katz, November 3, 1946
Murial Wasserman to Seymour Lodinger, November 3, 1946
Shirley Goldstein to Mitchell Schemer, November 23, 1946 in New
York, N. Y.
Rose Fraden to Dr. Milton Levin, November 21, 1946
Shirley Wexler to Jack Snider, November 24, 1946
Anne Freidlin to Jack Sender, December 15, 1946
Esther Fain to Joe Talpalar, December 28, 1946 in Havana, Cuba
Helen Dwoskin to David Seligman, December 29, 1946
Emma Bergman to Clarence Ghelerter, January 5, 1947
Huedel Fink to Erwin Kantor, February 9, 1947
Linda Goldblatt to Lester Edelstein, February 9, 1947
Renee Setzer to Harold Bloom, February 16, 1947
Minnie Smith to Martin Weisstein, February 23, 1947
Ethel Blair to Morris Richman, February 23, 1947 in Savannah, Ga.
Janice Bressler to Seamor Kirschenbaum, February 25, 1947
Charlotte Carasik to Allen Adler, March 16, 1947 in Baltimore, Md.
Siddy Nafthaniel to Morris Schemer, March 16, 1947
Shirley Rice to Danny Feldman, March 16, 1947
Leah Setzer to Milton Levit, March 16, 1947
Pearl Whol to Jerome Gamsey, March 30, 1947
Mina Silverman to Monroe Klausner, June 1, 1947
Jean Harris to Donald Cohn, June 1, 1947
Ethel Gruber to Louis Fraden, June 8, 1947
Myra Gamsey to Seymour Hoffenberg, June 15, 1947
Jean Fischman to Eli Safady, June 25, 1947
Helen Goodfriend to Joe Goldman, June 29, 1947
Leona Samson to Bertram Udovin, July 4, 1947
===== PAGE 33 =====
NEW ARRIVALS
Mr. and Mrs. Norman J. Marks
daughter, Irene Suzanne
August 18, 1946
Dr. and Mrs. Rudy Yergen
son, Bruce Mitchel
August 21, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Friedman
son, Michael
September 8, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Mickey Weiner
daughter, Karen Frances
September 8, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Abrams
son, Byman
September 10, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur H. Frohman
daughter, Barbara Sue
September 20, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Witten
daughter, Cheryl Janet
September 22, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Horovitz
son, Lawrence Ira
September 26, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Goldstein
son, Barry Jay
September 28, 1946
Dr. and Mrs. Irving Diamond
daughter, Elizabeth Rose
October 4, 1946
Dr. and Mrs. Felix Glickstein
son, Martin Ray
October 6, 1946
v Mr. and Mrs. Bernie Moskovitz
son, Charles Samuel
October 11, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Moe B. Safer
son, Jay Gerald
October 11, 1946
, Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Cohen
son, Ronald Stuart
November 4, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Ross
son, Steven Barry
November 6, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Borkson
daughter, Katie Pearl
November 9, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Carasik
son, William Victor
November 10, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Gustave E. Goldstein
son, Abraham Jeffrey
November 30, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Falis
son, Marvin Gerald
December 4, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Halpern
daughter, Marilyn
December 12, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jaffe
daughter, Marilyn Beth
December 13, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Norman Miller
daughter, Maureen Ann
December 26, 1946
Mr. and Mrs. Roland Pasey
son, Marc A.
January 15, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph M. Hirsch
daughter, Suzanne Murine
January 16, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Marón
daughter, Susan Harriet
January 17, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Alvin P. Rubin
daughter, Vicki Jane
January 20, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Bennie Lasris
son, Harry Louis
February 25, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Louis S. Slott
son, Charles Allan
February 26,1947
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Heller
son, Stephen Ross
March 6, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Rosenberg
daughter, Sharon Lynn
March 12, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Newman
daughter, Doris
March 18, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Shelby Trager
son, Mitchell Leon
March 23, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Goldstein
daughter, Evelyn Marcia
March 27, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Max Isaac
son, Paul Hugh
April 7, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Lassk
daughter, Juliana
April 8, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Abramson
son, Michael Ross
April 9, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Cohen
daughter, Libby Miriam
April 21, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Director
son, Alan Lee
April 22, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Levin
daughter, Madelyne Rona
April 25, 1947
Dr. and Mrs. Asher Sherow
son, Randall Martin
April 29, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Saul Wolfson
son, Donald Martin
April 30, 1947
Dr. and Mrs. Joe Witten
daughter, Maxine
April 30, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Rosenblatt
son, Howard Marshall
May 4, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Goldberg
son, Ronald Leon
May 6, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Martin Setzer
son, Barry Philip
May 30, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Ghelerter
son, Stephan Morris
June 1, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Shmunes
daughter, Sandra Leah
June 2, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Arnold W. Soskins
son, Steven Murry
June 9, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Fraden
daughter, Barbara Anne
June 15, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Goldstein
son, Harvey Lee
June 15, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney X. Cohen
son, Marshall David
July 2, 1947
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Gartner
son, Harvey Jay
July 3, 1947
===== PAGE 34 =====
ZIONISM IN
SENIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Chapter of Senior Hadassah, with
its membership of over 600, as part of one of the largest
organized groups of Jewish women in this country, feels
keenly its responsibility in the reestablishment of a Jewish
national homeland in Palestine.
On the American scene, the finest and best of American
and Jewish ideals are fostered and aided. They are dedi¬
cated to strengthening the Yishuv in Palestine through the
Hadassah Medical Organization, Child Welfare and Voca¬
tional training, Youth Aliyah, land purchases and supplies
program.
The acceptance of Hadassah as the official health arm
of the Jewish Agency for aid to the immigrant is signifi¬
cant of the role Hadassah is playing in the rebuilding of
Eretz Israel.
Through the leadership of its capable committee chair*
men, the local unit of Hadassah carries out its program of
activities for the year with a number of outstanding affairs,
Education Day is not just another activity within
Hadassah—it is the motivating force giving impetus and
direction to all its projects. Through the guidance which
the education chairman gives to her discussion groups at
these monthly meetings, our membership is awakened to
the concept of Hadassah’s work as an integral part of the
Zionist movement.
The Oneg Shabbat gatherings also form a medium
by which Jewish history and culture is brought to the mem¬
bership through book reviews, symposium^, and Palestinian
musical programs, by outstanding artists and leaders in the
community.
Through the Thrift Luncheon, the Donor’s Affair for
the Medical Organization Fund, and the annual fall dance,
the local chapter raises its quota of funds to maintain the
infant welfare clinics, hospitals and medical centers, its
school luncheons and vocational and recreational centers.
The chapter has an active and well-organized sewing circle
that functions throughout the year, preparing garments
for use in hospitals and for refugee newcomers to Palestine.
Officers for the coming year are: Mrs. Harry Katz,
president; Mrs. Herman Klausner, first vice-president;
Mrs. Abe Chardkoff, second vice-president; Mrs. Lou
Feigenbaum, secretary; Mrs. Mac Presser, treasurer; and
Mrs. Helman Setzer and Mrs. Joseph Witten, corresponding
secretaries.
ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA
The Jacksonville Zionist District can proudly claim a
successful season of cultural and financial achievements.
The meetings of the District were well planned and
many programs of unusual interest were presented, result¬
ing in an attendance which was highly gratifying and
encouraging to the officers as well as to the members. New
Palestinian films, and outstanding speakers of national
prominence were the main attractive features of our meet^
ings, not overlooking our own local talent, particularly
the Young Judaean debaters, who added so much color,
hope and pride to the Zionist District.
Over $14,000 was collected by the Joint Zionist Drive
and allocated in the following manner: Jewish National
Fund $5,000; Haganah $4,000; Zionist Expansion Fund
$2,500; Local Youth Commission $1,500; Brandéis Camp
$1,000; Hebrew Arts Committee $200.
On the whole, Jacksonville is an overwhelming Zionist
stronghold, whose steadfast belief in the ideals of the
Zionist Movement are well rooted and unshakable. This,
despite the few who are either indifferent or callous to the
ultimate fate of their people and yet, are quite audible
in local communal policies. The fact that from eighty to
ninety per cent of the American Jewish Community recog¬
nize the logic and wisdom of the Zionist Movement—“the
Land of Israel for the People of Israel” is both heartening
to our cause and testifies to the righteousness of our aim.
The year 5707, another desperate one for our people,
has unfolded itself into the retrospective panorama of our
ancient history so full of disappointment and grief. The
hope of a Zion rebuilt which has kept us alive throughout
the past centuries must continue to sustain us and even¬
tually, justice will triumph.
Officers for the coming year are: Philip Bork, presi¬
dent; Harry Katz and Isadore Moscowitz, vice-presidents;
Charles Kroser, financial secretary; and Morris Leibowitz,
treasurer.
MASADA
Masada, Young Zionists of America, provided its mem¬
bership with a varied program of cultural and social events
during the past year.
Masada joined with its sister organization, Junior
Hadassah, in presenting two Hootinays, the first of which
was led by Chava Schelzer, a Palestinian envoy of good
will.
Co-operating with the other Zionist organizations in
the community, Masada joined in the telegram barrage
sent to Washington on various occasions, furnished leaders
for the local Young Judean movement, and helped with the
Southeastern Young Judean Convention which was held in
J acksonville.
Two of the local members were honored with election
to regional positions when Irving Slott and Irwin Gendzier
were named to the Regional Board of Masada and a third,
Dr. J. Roy Sloat, was appointed Regional Interorganiza-
tional Chairman.
The local group was host to the Regional Board’s
summer meeting.
Officers for the coming year are: Louis Safer, presi¬
dent; Harold Bloom, vice-president; Harry Koenigsberg,
treasurer; and Irwin Gendzier, secretary,
===== PAGE 35 =====
JACKSONVILLE
TUNIOR HADASSAH
As early as 1916, Jewish girls in this country, stirred
by the ideals and aims of Zionism, sought to translate
their ardor into concrete work for the upbuilding of Pales¬
tine. Spontaneous groups sprang up in various cities, and
adopting the name of the women’s Zionist organization,
Hadassah, called themselves Junior Hadassah.
Today, this organization is the largest Jewish youth
organization in the United States. It has a three point
program: to aid the development of Palestine by support¬
ing specific projects in that country; to foster among Jewish
youth in America an understanding and appreciation of
Jewish life and the purposes of Zionism; to promote edu¬
cation and action for the strenghtening of democracy in
America.
With a membership of 70 girls between the ages of
17 and 25, the Jacksonville unit has had a very successful
year. For its specific projects, the unit has raised money
by waiting on tables at social functions given in the Jewish
Community and by selling Time.
The annual Yom Kippur Dance and W ashington Birth¬
day Ball are recognized social events on Jacksonville’s
YOUNG
With the 1947 Southern Young Judaean convention
held at the Jewish Center June 22nd-25th, Jacksonville
Young Judaea culminated a year of intense activity in
behalf of Palestine rebuilt, and a positive approach to
Jewish living in America.
Headed by a group of leaders which included Brandéis
Camp Graduates, Jacksonville’s eight clubs experienced
one of the most successful years in the city’s Young Judaea
history. Three junior clubs, Theodore Harzl, Ram-Bam
and Rothschild Clubs; two intermediate groups, Chanita
and Aliyah; and three senior organizations, Chaim Weiz-
man, Henrietta Szold and Junior Masada, took part in
activities which highlighted the organizations’ purpose
to integrate the young Jews into Jewish community service
and into a Jewish way of life which will find its expression
in Jewish cultural activities.
Over half of the Jacksonville Judaeans took part in
the citywide Choral groups with featured Palestinian folk
singing and dancing. The entire membership cooperated
to make the annual Purim Carnival, which is held in the
Center auditorium, an event of which the community was
proud. The Carnival offered for sale arts and crafts objects
styled with Jewish motifs which the Judaeans had prepared
during the year.
Individual club programs such as competitive radio
skits and a scrap book competition served as single club
activities. Discussions and debates also played an important
part in the club program. The Herzl Club was one of the
first clubs in the country to instigate a farm project. This
was done on the grounds surrounding their club room at
the River Garden Home for the Aged property.
winter calendar. The unit also holds annually a cocktail
membership party and a Donor’s swimming party.
Through the Jacksonville Zionist Youth Commission,
several Junior Hadassah members have received scholar¬
ships to Brandéis Camp Institute, the national Zionist
leadership training camp. Many of the Young Judean
Clubs in Jacksonville are advised by Junior Hadassah
members.
The members of Junior Hadassah are ever mindful
of the ideals of Zionism and the practical fulfillment of
those dreams. They strive to instill in themselves a spirit
of pride in all things Jewish—past and present. With a
realization of the need that Palestine has for their work
and their even greater need for the Spirit of Judiasm, the
Junior Hadassah women look to greater achievement in the
future.
Officers for the coming year are: Charlotte Rose,
president; Ruthye Spiwak, first vice-president; Phyllis
Paul, second vice-president; Gabriella Mayer, third vice-
president; Sylvia Wolf son, recording secretary; Sylvia
Mosco vitcli, corresponding secretary; Irene Borkson,
treasurer; and Sylvia Cherry, program chairman.
JUDEA
The work of the clubs was accelerated during the year
by a visit from Chava Schletzer, a Palestinian, who brought
with her a rich storehouse of knowledge of the Palestinian
folk tunes, and explained Jewish youth life in modern
Palestine. A visit by Mr. Herman Popkin, newly appointed
regional Zionist Youth director, also served as inspiration.
Jacksonville was honored at the National Convention
with the election of Ruth Spiwak as a member of the
National Leader’s Board and Gerald Sohn as a vice-
president of National Judaea.
Honors were also bestowed upon local Judaeans at
the regional convention. Gerald Sohn was chosen the
Outstanding Judaean in the region and elected a regional
vice-president, and Jacksonville came away with ping-pong,
bowling and extemporanious speaking awards.
The clubs operated this year under the supervision
of Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz, Judaean chairman, and Mrs.
Nat F. Cohen, chairman of the local Zionist Youth com¬
mission which provides funds for Zionist Youth activities.
The officers and club leaders for the coming year are:
Theodore Harzyl Club—Gabrille Mayer and Erwin Gend-
zier, leaders, Harry Katz, Jr., president; Ram-Bam Club—
Harry Koenigberg, leader, Roslyn Levin, president; Roth¬
schild Club—Alois Katz and Minna Silverman, leaders,
Renee Rothstein, president; Chanita Club—Ruth Spiwak,
leader, Joy Haimowitz, president; Aliyah Club—Ethel
Gruber Fradin, leader, Margaret Seidman, president;
Junior Masada—Dr. Julius Sloat, leader, Edwin Presser,
president; Chaim Weizmann Club—Mrs. T. T. Sandler and
Louis Safer, leaders, Morris Worman, president; and
Henrietta Szold Club—Mary Hecht, leader, Mildred
Edwards, president.
===== PAGE 36 =====
ORGANIZATIONS
¿Sszvíncj íÍie (2ommunííij
B’NAI B’RITH
A. B. Weil Lodge No. 800 is continuing to do fine work
as the leading Jewish service organization in the city. With
the lodges membership at five hundred, it is a potent force
in the community’s activities.
During the past year the lodge and the Women’s
Auxiliary were responsible for the establishment and fur¬
nishing of a Day Room at the Lake City Veteran’s Hospital.
The local lodge was also the driving force behind the
establishment of a Hillel House at the University of Florida
in Gainesville.
The meetings during the year were each devoted to a
topic of immediate interest to the community, such as:
Post War Night, Hillel Night, Youth Night, and Anti-
Defamation Night.
The officers for the coming year are: Arthur Gutman,
president; Max Becker, vice-president; Ben Chepenik,
vice-prseident; Leonard Cohn, vice-president; M. H.
Witten, trasurer; Irving Klepper, secretary; Morton Tur-
bow, warden; Rabbi Sidney Lefkowitz, chaplain; and
Sidney Entman, asst, chaplain.
B’NAI B’RITH WOMEN
After more than two years of peace, the B’Nai B’Rith
Women in Jacksonville carry on a program of Post-War
work which has endeared them to those many young men
who are still in the armed forces, either through choice or
through disability.
The local group has taken under its wing the day room
at the Lake City Veteran’s Hospital, which was furnished
fay the local B’Nai B’Rith lodge, and periodic visits are
made to that hospital to entertain the unfortunate youth
located there. Visits are also made to the hospital at the
Naval Air Station.
The local group has set as one of its aims for the
coming year the creation of better cooperation and under¬
standing among the Jewish women’s organizations in the
city. Through unified participation in all worthwhile
civic and public endeavors, it is felt that the Jewish women
in the city can make themselves felt as a vital force in the
community and fulfill their missions as service organiza¬
tions.
President of the local group for the coming year is
Mrs. Max Meyer.
B’NAI B’RITH YOUTH
COMMISSION
B’nai B’rith Youth Commission was organized in
February 1944 under the leadership of Harry Jaffee as
Chairman. A Committee was appointed to assist him in
directing youth activities of the B’nai B’rith organization
which consisted of B’nai B’rith Girls, B’nai B’rith Young
Women and AZA.
Since the Committee’s organzation, its aim has been
to develope a “Five Fold and Full” Program which was
originally outlined by the AZA.
Today this program has been adopted for all B’nai
B’rith organizations and it consists of religious work, social,
athletics, community service, and cultural.
Through the efforts of the youth organization, we can
justly be proud of some of the youth leaders we have de¬
veloped. At the present time, Beryl Weinstein of the
Jacksonville Chapter is the National Vice-President of AZA
and it is presumed that he will be elected National President
this coming year. Sol Proctor has become District President
of AZA. In the past our organization has always stressed
a very strict Jewish Program and we hope in the future
to be able to train Jewish boys and girls of this community
so that they will be able to make it a better place in which
to live.
Members of the Youth Commission are: Harry Jaffee,
Chairman; Max Becker, Mrs. Sidney Brown, Donald Cohn,
Leonard Cohn, Edith Galoob, Mrs. Major Reiser and Sam
Shuster.
LADIES HEBREW SHELTERING
AID SOCIETY
For more than two decades, the Ladies Hebrew Shel¬
tering Aid Society has served the community in welfare
work both among local people and transients. Its non¬
interest loan fund has enabled many families to overcome
financial difficulties. Each Passover, money is sent to
orphan homes and food is bought and prepared for inmates
of the State Prison.
During the past year, the Society has continued an
active and unfailing interest in its major project, the River
Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged. As an auxiliary of
the Home, it provides the warmth and personal contacts
so necessary for real living. Through the efforts and activi¬
ties of the Society, the residents of River Garden have con¬
tinued to be interested members of the Jacksonville
community and as such have not been forgotten.
As official hostess of River Garden, the Society per¬
formed in that capacity for the Georgia-Florid a Conference
on Service to the Aged, on Dedication Day, and on River
Garden’s first anniversary on March 30, 1947.
The Society arranges to have at least two of its regular
meetings at the home each year so that those members of
the Society who are residents of the Home may participate.
The present major project of the Society in connection
with the Home is to provide the medical and infirmary
equipment in the proposed new building which will be
constructed shortly.
===== PAGE 37 =====
ORGANIZATIONS SERVING THE COMMUNITY
The officers of the Society for the coming year are:
Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi, president; Mrs. Harry Gendzier, first
vice-president; Mrs. Ben Yoffee, second vice-president;
Mrs. B. Stegman, treasurer; Mrs. Ben Chepenik, corres¬
ponding secretary; Mrs. Nathan Newman, recording secre¬
tary; and Mrs. Sam Bryan, financial secretary.
NATIONAL COUNCIL
OF TEWISH WOMEN
The National Council of Jewish Women is the oldest
Jewish woman’s organization in America. It was organized
by Hannah G. Solomon in Chicago in 1893 and now has
more than 300 Senior and Junior Sections through the
country with a membership of more than 65,000.
From its beginning, the N.C.J.W. has served a three¬
fold purpose: it has brought about a closer fellowship
among Jewish women—orthodox, reform, conservative and
non-conformist; it has fostered inter-faith and inter-racial
cooperation; and it has furthered united efforts on behalf
of social betterment through a program based on education,
service to foreign born, community welfare service, and
social legislation.
The Jacksonville office in the Jewish Community
Council’s quarters is manned by voluteers under the direc¬
tion of Mrs. Oze Marcus, Chairman, Service to Foreign
Born Committee, and Mrs. A. Robins, co-chairman. Here
assistance is given in location services, Americanization and
naturalization, affidavit procedures, and very often trans¬
portation and hotel accommodations, to those refugees
enroute through Jacksonville or stopping in the city to
make their home.
The officers for the coming year are: Mrs. Saul Kurlin,
prseident; Mrs. Joseph Hyde and Mrs. Henry Bloom,
vice-president; Mrs. Herbert Panken, recording secretary;
Mrs. Robert Edwards, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
Arthur Gutmian, treasurer; Mrs. Max Lipsey, financial
treasurer; and Mrs. Joseph Glickstein, auditor.
IEWISH WAR VETERANS
The following two paragraphs of the Preamble to our
Constitution give the aim and purpose of our organization:
“We, citizens of the United States of America, of the
Jewish faith, who served in the wars of the United States
of x4merica, in order that we may be of greater service to
our country and to one another, associate ourselves to¬
gether for the following purposes:
To maintain true allegiance to the United States of
America; to foster and perpetuate true Americanism; to
combat whatever tends to impair the efficiency and per¬
manency of our free iñstitutions; to uphold the fair name
of the Jew and fight his battles wherever assailed; to en¬
courage the doctrine of universal liberty, equal rights, and
full justice to all men; to combat the powers of bigotry
and darkness wherever originating and whatever their
target; to preserve the spirit of comradeship by mutual j
helpfulness to comrades and their families; to instill love l
of Country and Flag and to promote sound minds and
bodies in our members and our youth; to preserve the
records of patriotic service performed by the men of our
faith; to honor their memory and shield from neglect the
graves of our heroic dead.”
Lt. Meyer Liebowitz Post 199, Jewish War Veterans
of the United States and its Ladies’ Auxiliary, has, under
the command of its new Commander, Joseph S. Wilensky,
undertaken to carry out the objectives stated in the
Preamble.
Considered a strong arm of Zionism, this Post has
delegated members to several national conventions, the
most successful of which was held in Washington, D. C.,
in July, 1946. Six of our members marched in that historic
parade of 5,000 Jewish War Veterans, demonstrating our
active interest in the immigration of 100,000 of our
coalitionists in Europe to Palestine.
Locally our committees are active in several fields.
We are in close contact with all the veteran organizations
in Jacksonville. The majority of our membership belongs
to non-Jewish veteran organizations.
Our Public Relations Committee is busy building up
good will among non-Jewish friends and at the same time
keeping active watch for the “hate salesmen” who, from
time to time, infiltrate into this community.
Our Hospital Committee visits with patients of all
faiths in the hospitals in this area and arranges entertain¬
ment and small gifts, in order to bring them a little cheer
and lighten their load a bit.
Our Social and Cultural Committee is doing an excel¬
lent job in keeping the membership entertained and in¬
formed through the medium of a number of successful
socials and speakers. Athletic activities are getting in¬
creasingly popular.
A plaque listing the names of our brothers who paid
the supreme sacrifice in the service of our country has
been ordered and will soon be presented to the Center.
Our membership is represented on the Mayor’s vet-
ran’s affairs committees, and we are in full cooperation
with local municipal activities.
Officers for the coming year are: Joseph Wilensky,
commander; Leo Weinstein, senior vice-commander; Sam
Goodfriend, junior vice-commander; Uly Mack, quarter¬
master; and Martin Wolfe, adjutant.
YMHA
The Young Men’s Hebrew Association, though operat¬
ing on a curtailed basis, is still a vital force in the com¬
munity life of the city.
With the opening of the Community Council’s quarters
and their taking over of the YMHA’s former youth pro¬
gram, the organization gave up its building on January 1;
however, it continues to function in the social and athletic
fields.
Socially the organization holds a Wednesday night
social and the attendance continues to be a heavy one.
===== PAGE 38 =====
ORGANIZATIONS SERVING THE COMMUNITY
Athletically the YMHA sponsors a team in the leading
diamond ball league in Jacksonville, the City League, and
it is making a good name for itself.
The YMHA is firmly entrenched in Jacksonville and
continues to strive for the betterment of Jewish community
life in this city.
Officers for the coming year are Robert Reiders,
president; Abe Diamond, first vice-president; Joe Bartley,
second vice-president; Irving Klepper, secretary; Herbert
Talisman, treasurer; Manuel Goldstein, assistant treasurer;
Erwin Kantor, auditor; Isadore Greenberg, sergeant-at-
arms; and Mrs. M. J. Reiser, acting director.
RIVER GARDEN
Since its inception in March, 1946, River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged has made notable progress in
its growth and development as a haven for our aged folks.
Under the administration of Sidney Entman, Executive
Director, a modern and progressive program of institutional
care was instituted. All the physical, social and spiritual
needs of the residents are met by the services offered to
encourage a full and happy life. The important highlights
of the week’s activities include movies, religious services,
and occupational therapy classes. To this can be added the
periodic outings, lectures, parties, and community partici¬
pation in the Home.
The awareness of the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid
Society of Jacksonville of the need for an institution for
the care of the aged was proven by the demands for the
services of River Garden. A few months after it opened
its doors, all available beds were occupied, and at this time
there is a waiting list for the admission of people into River
Garden.
The limited facilities of River Garden were evidenced
from the beginning and its lack of an infirmary has been a
serious handicap in servicing its residents. In addition,
River Garden is not able to admit chronic bedridden per¬
sons who desperately need institutional care.
In order to meet the demands for servicing all those
on the waiting list and the chronically ill aged, River
Garden finds it necessary to expand its services by the
creation of new facilities. The plans for an additional
building are being developed and we hope by the early
part of 1946 to be able to house residents in the new
building.
The new building will provide for twenty-six residents.
The building plans were developed in accordance with
the best concepts of modern institutional care, where the
individual might still retain his individuality and partici¬
pate in group living with a minimum of friction. It will
be so constructed that its able-bodied and ambulatory will
reside in one wing of the building. It will consist of only
single and double bedrooms. It will feature a large living
and assembly room, and occupational therapy room, a
library and game room, as well as a combined commissary
and tea room for the use of the residents and their guests.
The plans provide for a well equipped and modern
infirmary wing to care for all medical emjergencies with
the exception of major surgery. This infirmary will enable
River Garden to service the chronically ill and bedridden
persons.
An additional feature of the infirmary will include
a physiotherapy room, where various treatment facilities
such as baking, massaging, diathermy and hydrotherapy
services can be obtained. It will also include a clinic
where routine medical treatment can be administered. The
Ladies Llebrew Sheltering Aid Society of Jacksonville, as
part of their program, are planning to provide the medical
and infirmary equipment.
Officers for the coming year are: Ira Stein, chairman;
Joe Becker, vice-chairman; Emma Dwoskin, secretary;
Dr. Sam Witten, treasurer; and Sidney Entman, executive
director.
JEWISH WELFARE SOCIETY
Jacksonville’s Jewish Welfare Society, an accredited
family case work agency of the Community Chest, has a
30 year history of helping alleviate the economic distress
of the needy Jewish people of this city and of giving relief
to thousands of transients.
The organization was formed in 1917, when Rabbi
Israel L. Kaplan called together representatives of several
Jewish groups to plan a more effective approach to the
welfare problem than being handled by each of them in¬
dividually. Begun as the United Jewish Charities, and
later re-named the Jewish Welfare Society, the organization
has through the years directed its program toward strength-
ning Jewish family life and giving aid to the distressed.
In seeking to help families and individuals enjoy a
more wholesome living, the Society has recently appointed
William J. Silverman, a professional social worker, as its
Executive Director, and is now reorganized to provide a
preventive and rehabilitative service to those requiring
more than only financial aid. This service is offered not
only to the J acksonville community, but to the surrounding
territory as well.
Modern case methods are followed in helping Jewish
men and women and their families solve their problems.
In addition, the Society is actively concerned with the
broader community problems which make individual
adjustment to Society difficult.
Another important phase of the Welfare Society’s
program is its work at the River Garden Home, where it
assists in all intake work and carries on a social work pro¬
gram among the old folks at the Home.
Officers for the coming year are: Sidney J. Brown,
president; Lasar Klepper, first vice-president; I. M.
Lieberman, second vice-president; Dave Moss, third vice-
president; Morton Hirschberg, treasurer; and William J.
Silverman, executive director; and Mrs. Estelle Stern,
secretary.
===== PAGE 39 =====
ORGANIZATIONS SERVING THE COMMUNITY
THE JEWISH
COMMUNITY COUNCIL
About ten years ago the Jewish Community Council
was formed and in 1943 the first professional director was
appointed. Under his direction the Council grew and took
its position with similar Councils throughout the country.
A public relations committee was formed, a community
newspaper, The Commentator, made its appearance, a
Lyceum series was instituted and several studies were
initiated, all with a view to coordinating and giving direc¬
tion to the growth of the Jewish community and its many
functioning organizations.
Actually, the Council is a joint partnership enterprise
in which the Jewish people and organizations of the com¬
munity are all share-holders. Put another way, the Council
is a service organization whose purpose is to provide the
kinds of service which would meet the needs of an or¬
ganized community.
The most widely accepted service, and a basic one, is
to make plans for all Jews to meet their obligations toward
their less-fortunate co-religionists. The Council carries
on this service through its annual United Jewish Campaign.
The Council, again from the viewpoint of service, or¬
ganized a Lyceum series, bringing to Jacksonville outstand¬
ing Jewish artists and lecturers to help the community
keep abreast of developments in Jewish art forms and
trends of thought in the current of Jewish national life.
The Council Commentator offers another service me¬
dium. Its columns reflect Jewish organizational life; it
provides a calendar of events so that all Jews, old timers
and newcomers, those affiliated as well as those not members
of any group, are aware of the purposes, programs and
plans of the organizations constituting our community.
The Commentator is an information guide to the services
of such agencies as the Home for the Aged and the Jewish
Welfare Society. It serves as an outlet for the Rabbis’
points of view. In this regard the activities of both Syna¬
gogue and Temple have the kind of publicity which en¬
courages a wider knowledge of their services, Sunday and
Hebrew School activities, etc.
The Public Relations Committee of the Council is
yet another resource to which are directed, on an orderly
basis, those problems both inside our own community and
those of our relationship with the non-Jewish community.
It is in this group that thoughtful and intelligent considera¬
tion, careful examination, and a judicious approach to
internal and external affairs is performed a vital service.
Then there is the entire area of community planning,
coordinating the activities of various groups, yet doing it
in such a manner as will not affect the autonnomy of any
group. Here common sense, objectivity and a genuine
good will are prime factors.
Quoting from a statement of principles recently pub¬
lished in The Commentator by Ben Stark, the newly-
appointed executive director:
uWe are not and do not desire to be a competitive
force against any organization. Whenever a program or
function is community-wide—that’s an area for the Council.
Whenever any action affects the Jewish community as a
whole—that’s a function of the Council. Coordination,
cooperation, information and service are key words syn¬
onymous with Council.”
Taken in that spirit, the United Campaign, the efforts
to work out areas of function, responsiblity, program with
(not for) each organization, the efforts to thrash out dif¬
ferences and cement relationships within the Jewish com¬
munity and with the non-Jewish community—these remain
the fundamental reasons for a Jewish Community Council.
===== PAGE 40 =====
"Mail Ihek Souls Best In fmf
Eva Puldy
August 25, 1946
Rose Abner
September 18, 1946
Louis Bucholtz
October 14, 1946
Alexandria Chardkoff
October 21, 1946
Molly Rothstein
October 31, 1946
Sarah Fleet
November 9, 1946
Lena Moscovitch
December 4, 1946
Sam Hartzman
December 11, 1946
Rebecca Baumstein
December 13, 1946
Bertha Hecht
December 19, 1946
Joseph Diamond
December 26, 1946
Solomon Iritzer
December 30, 1946
Isaac Davis
January 15, 1947
Leo Weintraub
January 17, 1947
Mary Wasserman
January 17, 1947
Sophie Fruchtman
February 3, 1947
Louis Avchin
March 1, 1947
Charles Goldberg
March 3, 1947
Alexander Spevak
March 14, 1947
Peretz Puldy
March 27, 1947
Rev. Joseph Robin
March 29, 1947
Harry Heller
April 16, 1947
Harry Safer
April 23, 1947
Berman Hirsch
April 25, 1947
Morris Foor
May 6, 1947
With profound regret we inscribe above the name of our trusted
worker and friend, Reverend Joseph Robin. His contribution to the
religious welfare of our community will stand as an everlasting
monument in the hearts of all who knew him.
His Memory Be Blessed
===== PAGE 41 =====
Healthy and Happy New Year...
FROM OUR CITY OFFICIALS
Holiday Greetings . . .
From the Mayor of Jacksonville
May Health, Happiness and Prosperity Be With You
Throughout the Year
C. FRANK WHITEHEAD
FOR PUBLIC SAFETY
JOSEPH H. ROSS
R. DICK SUTTON
COUNCILMAN
Ward 15
CLAUDE SMITH, JR.
JAMES C. MERRILL
COUNCILMAN
COUNCILMAN
Ward 5
Ward 9
JAMES M. PEELER
COUNCILMAN
Ward 6
W. C. (Shorty) ALMAND
CITY RECORDER
ADEQUATE WIRING
means
ENOUGH OUTLETS FOR CONVENIENCE
The wiring in most homes was installed years ago when the electric load was
comparatively light — serving only your lights and probably a flat iron.
Each year the load has grown heavier as you add more electric servants — a
refrigerator, washer, vacuum cleaner, radio and more lighting for better seeing.
So in your new home, insist on having a sufficient number of circuits, not only
to provide current for your present appliances, but also for future electrical innova¬
tions. The slight additional cost will repay itself many times over!
CITY ELECTRIC DEPARTMENT
GEORGE A. PIERCE, Commissioner of Utilities
Utility Bldg. Foot of Laura St.
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
===== PAGE 42 =====
GREETINGS FOR
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Abramson and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Max Atlas and family
Mr. and Mrs. Lester Albright and family
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Ansbacher and son
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Abisch and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair Avchin and children
Mrs. Louis Avchin
Mr. and Mrs. David Armel and family
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Aberle and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Altman and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Baker
Mr. and Mrs. Bennie E. Baker and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Marx Baker and family
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Baker and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Bartley and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Becker and sons
Mr. and Mrs. S. Bergman and family
Mrs. A. Biscow
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Blattner
Mr. and Mrs. David Blattner and family
Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Block and daughters
Mr. and Mrs. H. Bloom
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Bono and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Bork and son
Mrs. Louis Bucholtz and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. B. Berk and family
Miss Sarah Blair
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Blair
Mr. Joe Berkowitz
Mr. Morris Berkowitz
Mr. and Mrs. M. Black
Miss Sarah Bryan
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob J. Becker
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Bartley and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Bucholtz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Bloom and son
Mrs. Dora Berman and family
Mr. and Mrs. H. Bolasky and family
Mrs. P. Berkowitz
Mr. and Mrs. A. Borkson and family
Mr. and Mrs. William I. Boxerman and children
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Bryan
Mr. and Mrs. P. Blitstein and daughter
Mr. and Mrs.Morris M. Brown and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. S. Bernstein
Mr. Julius Blattner
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Balter and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Barchan and children
Mr. and Mrs. Max Berinhout and family
Mr. and Mrs. Milton Brown and daughters
Mr. Louie Bono
Mr. Jack Blattner
Mr. and Mrs. Albert A. Bressler and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Bossen and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph J. Bernstein and children
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Borkson and children
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Benjamin
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Bork and family
Mr. and Mrs. L. Berman
Mr. and Mrs. Max Brown and son
Mr. and Mrs. Judah Bono and son
Mr. and Mrs. Henry R. Bernard and son
Mr. and Mrs. Harold Bloom
Mr. and Mrs. Manny Begal and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Bernie Berman
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Carasik and family
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Chepenik and children
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Chepenik and children
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Chepenik
Mr. and Mrs. Meyer Chepenik and children
Mr. and Mrs. Ansel Chepenik and children
===== PAGE 43 =====
THE NEW
Mrs. E. Carnot and family
Mr. and Mrs. Nat F. Cohen and children
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Cooper and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Cherry and children
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Cohen and children
Mr. and Mrs. M. Cohen
Mr. P. Carter and family
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Carter and son
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Chonin and family
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Cherry and family
Mrs. J. Cohen and family
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Cohen and children
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Cohen and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Caslar and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. M. 0. Cohen
Mr. and Mrs. H. Cranman
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney X. Cohen and children
Mr. and Mrs. I. Cohen and family
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Cypen and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Datz and children
Mr. and Mrs. David M. Davis and children
Mrs. David Dayan
Mr. and Mrs. Bernie Davis and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Dwoskin and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. I. Dwoskin and family
Mr. Haskel Davidson
Mrs. David Davis and family
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Diner and daughters
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Diamond and children
Mr. J. Davidson
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Diamond and children
Dr. and Mrs. Irving Diamond and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. I. H. Edwards and family
Mr. and Mrs. Al H. Edwards and children
Mrs. Henry Ezzes and family
YEAR
Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Ettingoff and family
Mr. Ed Edwards
Mr. Abe Edwards
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Eff and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Entman and children
Mr. I. J. Edelstein
Mr. and Mrs. Lester Edelstein
Mr. and Mrs. Jules Edelstein and son
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Eber
Mrs. Ida Feldman
Mrs. M. Falis
Mr. and Mrs. S. Fletcher and family
Mrs. Harry Finkelstein
Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Friedman and daught
Mr. and Mrs. Max Friedman
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Fletcher and daughter
Mr. Benny Fletcher
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Fletcher and children
Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Fink and family
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Fink and family
Mr. and Mrs. Louis E. Fleet and son
Mr. and Mrs. Seward Fleet and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Fleet and family
Mr. and Mrs. H. Flauman and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. Frank and family
Mr. and Mrs. Barney Freedman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Falis and children
Mrs. A. Fagan and family
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Freidlin and family
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Falis and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Fagan and children
Mr. and Mrs. Manny Fagan and children
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Fagan and children
Mr. and Mrs. M. Feldman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Perry Frank and son
Mr. and Mrs. David E. Freedman and children
===== PAGE 44 =====
GREETINGS FOR
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Falis
Dr. and Mrs. Joel Fleet and children
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert S. Feinberg and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Lou Feigenbaum and family
Mr. and Mrs. H. Fraden and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Fraden and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Fraden
Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Fishier and children
Mr. and Mrs. Moe Freedlander and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Joe P. Falis and son
Mr. and Mrs. H. Foster
Dr. and Mrs. C. Feinstein and children
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Friedman and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Friedman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Fages and son
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Goffin
Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Goffin and family
Mr. and Mrs. L. Goldberg and children
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Grossberg and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. M. B. Glickstein and children
Dr. and Mrs. Felix Glickstein and son
Mrs. Sarah Glickstein
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Gendzier and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Goldstein and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Isadore Gartner and son
Mr. and Mrs. Manuel Goldstein and children
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Galinsky
Mr. and Mrs. William Gordon and son
Mr. and Mrs. Robert J. Gordon and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Goldberg
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Goldstein and children
Mr. and Mrs. R. Goodmark and son
Mr. and Mrs. A. Goodfarb and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. Gelbman and children
Mr. Ed Goodman
Mr. and Mrs. N. V. Gross and children
Mr. K. Goldberg
Mr. and Mrs. A. Goldberg and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Gamce and daughters
Mr. and Mrs. Itz Greenberg
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Goldberg and family
Mr. and Mrs. Lou Goldberg
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Gottlieb and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Geller and son
Mrs. Robert Garren and son
Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Glickstein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Goodfriend and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Goldstein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Goldberg and family
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Gamse
Mrs. Sophie Gross
Mr. and Mrs. Gus Gross
Mr. and Mrs. H. Grossman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Greenburg and family
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Gershon
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Goldman
Mr. Sol Goldman
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hackel and family
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Halpern and family
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Hammerman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Milton L. Hollins and son
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Harris and family
Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Hollins
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Haber and children
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Haber and family
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hindin
Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Haimowitz and family
Dr. and Mrs. Carl Hackel and children
Mr. and Mrs. David Harris and family
Mr. and Mrs. Pete Haimowitz and family
Dr. and Mrs. Melvin Haimowitz
===== PAGE 45 =====
THE NEW
Mr. and Mrs. M. Hoi linger and family
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene L. Henry
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Hoehman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Max Hoehman and family
Mr. and Mrs. J. Husney and family
Mr. and Mrs. I. Horwitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Halpern and children
Dr. and Mrs. Sidney Halpern and son
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Herzberg and family
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Heller and children
Mrs. S. Hartzman
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Harris
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Herschaft and family
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Hirsch and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Seymour Hoffenberg
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hartman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Isaacs and family
Mr. and Mrs. I. Isaacs
Mr. and Mrs. Max Isaacs and family
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Joel and family
Mrs. L. D. Joel
Mr. and Mrs. L. S. Joel and Bob
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Janow and family
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jaffee and children
Mr. and Mrs. Morton Joel and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. H. Jachower and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Kass and family
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Katz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Hyman Katz
Mr. and Mrs. H. Kline
Mrs. Benjamin Kantor and family
Mr. and Mrs. Perry Kantor and children
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Kramer and children
Mr. and Mrs. L. Klepper
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Klepper
YEAR
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Kristie and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Krestul and son
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Kipnis
Mr. J. L. Kipnis
Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Kramer and family
Mr. and Mrs. Isadore Kramer, Cairo, Georgia
Mr. and Mrs. Hyman Kramer
Mr. and Mrs. Roland Krantz and children
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Kanel
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Kraemer and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Kraemer and mother
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Klausner and family
Mr. and Mrs. Max Kristie and family
Mr. Charles Kroser
Mr. and Mrs. Harry H. Kolitz and son
Mr. and Mrs. Manuel Katz and mother
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Kramer and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Erwin Kantor
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Leff and children
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Levin and children
Mr. and Mrs. A. Lipsit
Mr. and Mrs. Max Leitman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Harold Leitman
Mrs. C. Leibovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. I. M. Lieberman and family
Mr. Pete Lieberman
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Lovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Lovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Leibovitz
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Levin and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Levin and children
Mr. and Mrs. A. Lassk and children
Mr. Lelis Lassk
Mr. and Mrs. L. Levy and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Landau and children
Mr. and Mrs. I. Lipson and family
===== PAGE 46 =====
GREETINGS FOR
Mr. and Mrs. H. Lazarus and children
Mr. and Mrs. J. Leventhal and family
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Leibovitz and children
Mrs. Joseph Leibman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Max Lipsey and family
Mr. Leo Leonard and family
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Lishansky
Mr. and Mrs. Morris H. Libbey and son
Mr. and Mrs. Sol Leibowitz
Mr. R. J. Lewinson
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Lewit and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. Lesnik and family
Mr. and Mrs. Martin Lind and family
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Lew
Mr. and Mrs. Max Mirkis and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi and children
Mr. and Mrs. S. Mizrahi and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Mizrahi and son
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Mizrahi and son
Mrs. J. Mizrahi
Mr. and Mrs. David Moss and family
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Moss
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Moss and son
Mr. and Mrs. Norman Moss and son
Mr. and Mrs. Rudy Moss and children
Mr. and Mrs. A. Marks and family
Mrs. Olga Moskovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Rernie Moskovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. D. Mehlman and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Moscovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Norman Marks and children
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Moscovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Markowitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Markowitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. V. Markovitz
Misses Sylvia and Martha Moscowitch
Mr. and Mrs. I. Morgenstern and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sid Mack and children
Mr. and Mrs. Renjamin Mack and family
Mr. and Mrs. U. Mack
Mr. and Mrs. M. Mack
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Markowitz and son
Mrs. Ida Miller and family
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Meyerhoff and family
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Monsky
Mr. and Mrs. Leo Michelson and children
Mrs. Nettie Michelson
Mr. and Mrs. 0. Margol and family
Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Margol
Mr. and Mrs. Horris Margol and family
Mrs. Pearl Moss and family
Mr. Leo Moskovitz
Mr. and Mrs. Rarney Margolin and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Margolin and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Michelson
Cantor and Mrs. Abraham Marton
Mrs. S. Meyers
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Moss and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. H. Martin and family
Dr. and Mrs. Max Mendelson and daughter
Dr. Henry and Dr. Lillian Mark
Mr. and Mrs. Rernard Marón and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Newman and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. A. Noel and family
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Nachman and son
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Nachman and family
Mrs. P. Newman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Newman and family
Mr. and Mrs. J. Nudelman and family
Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Nathan and son
===== PAGE 47 =====
THE NEW YEAR
Mrs. A. Nabin
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Paul and family
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Paul and family
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Peltz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Proctor and family
Mr. and Mrs. I. Pinzer and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Portnoy and daughters
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Panken and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Panken
Mr. and Mrs. M. Presser and family
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Portnoy
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Price and family
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Proctor
Dr. and Mrs. Morris A. Price
Miss Lilly Poloton
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Pausman and family
Mrs. Bessie Portnoy and family
Mrs. Sarah Rosenberg and family
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Resnick and children
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Robin and children
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Robins and family
Mr. and Mrs. Max Rose and family
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Rosenberg and family
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Rosenberg and family
Mr. and Mrs. A1 Rosenberg and son
Mr. and Mrs. Ruben Rosenberg and family
Mr. Bert Rosenfeld
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Rosenblatt
Mr. and Mrs. David Rosenthal and family
Mr. and Mrs. William Rosenblum
Mrs. Frank Rosenblum
Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Rosenberg and children
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Rothstein and children
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Rothstein and children
Mr. and Mrs. Irvin B. Rothstein and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Max Rubin and family
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rubin and family
Mr. and Mrs. A. Ralph and family
Mr. and Mrs. Meyer Richman and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Reiser and family
Mrs. Adele Rosenkranz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Rachlef and son
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Reiders and sons
Mr. and Mrs. P. Rinzler
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Rosenthal and daughter
M. and Mrs. H. Ruby and family
Mr. and Mrs. Willie Rosner and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Rubenstein
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Rosenberg and son
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Ray
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Rosenberg and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Rosenblatt and son
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Ross and family
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Rothman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Rosenzvoig and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Ross and son
Mr. and Mrs. S. Resnick and family
Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Rubenstein
Mr. and Mrs. David Safer and children
Mr. and Mrs. Perry Safer and children
Mr. and Mrs. Hy Safer and daughter
Mrs. J. Safer and family
Dr. J. V. Safer
Mr. and Mrs. Max Safer and family
Mrs. Harry Safer and family
Rev. and Mrs. B. Safer and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Safer and son
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Safer
Mr. and Mrs. Joe P. Safer and son
Mr. and Mrs. A. Sager and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Sager and children
===== PAGE 48 =====
GREETINGS FOR
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Shemer
Mrs. E. E. Schemer and family
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Schemer and family
Mr. and Mrs. Louis L. Schemer and family
Mrs. William Schemer and family
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Selber and children
Mr. and Mrs. Hyman Selber and children
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Setzer and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Setzer and family
Mr. and Mrs. N. H. Shorstein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Selber and son
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Silver
Mr. and Mrs. I. Silverberg
Dr. and Mrs. Arnold Silverberg
Mr. and Mrs. William Silverman and family
Mrs. J. Sloat and family
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Slott and family
Mr. and Mrs. J. Spiwak and family
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Stein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Ira Stein and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Stein and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. Sempson and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Smith and family
Mr. and Mrs. J. Shapiro and family
Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Schemer and family
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Schevitz
Miss Miriam Spitz
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Strauss and son
Mr. and Mrs. David Snider
Dr. and Mrs. Jacob Snider
Mrs. E. Shorstein and family
Mr. Leon Shapiro
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Simon
Mr. and Mrs. Helman Setzer and children
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Sachs and family
Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Singer and daughters
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Slott and children
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Slott and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Nat Shorstein and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Silverman and children
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Silverstein
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Silberstein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Si Sobel and family
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Shapiro and family
Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Samuelson and children
Mr. and Mrs. Israel Samuelson and family
Mr. and Mrs. Marvin Schulman and family
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stillman
Mr. Augustus Stoerk
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Spitzer and family
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Spiwak and son
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert L. Sandler and family
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Schevitz and family
Mr. and Mrs. Max Shmunes
Mr. and Mrs. Eli J. Sack and children
Mr. nad Mrs. M. L. Speizer and family
Mr. and Mrs. A. Speizer and family
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Sher and family
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Spindell
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Sohn and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Springer and family
Mrs. Celia Shumes and family
Mrs. Ida Schwartz and family
Miss Minna Schwartz
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Shmunes and family
Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Shapiro
Mr. and Mrs. P. Silverman
Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Salenfriend
Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Stegman and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Max Simon and family
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Simon nad family
Mr. and Mrs. L. Sack
===== PAGE 49 =====
THE NEW YEAR
Mrs. Rebecca Savitz
Mr. and Mrs. David Savage and family
Mrs. J. Sender
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Sender
Mr. and Mrs. N. J. Schneider and son
Mrs. F. Segal and family
Mr. and Mrs. Kurt M. Shilbury
Mr. Abe Spiwak
Dr. and Mrs. I. J. Strumpli and children
Mr. and Mrs. Martin H. Setzer and family
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Mr. and Mrs. A. Soskins and family
Mr. and Mrs.Bernard Sinoff and family
Dr. and Mrs. Sidney Stillman and daughters
Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Schemer
Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Sandler and son
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Schain and family
Mrs. H. Schemer and family
Mr. and Mrs. David Torn and children
Mr. and Mrs. William Tobias and children
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Taxier and family
Mr. and Mrs. Shelby Trager and son
Rabbi and Mrs. Sanders A. Tofield and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. H. Weiss and family
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Weinstein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Witten and family
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Witten and family
Mrs. Max Witten and family
Dr. and Mrs. Sam Witten and family
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Wolf and family
Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Wolf son and children
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Wolfson and family
Mr. and Mrs. L. Wolfson and family
Mr. Isadore Witten
Mr. and Mrs. Ike Witten and family
Mr. and Mrs. Morris B. Wilson
Mr. and Mrs. Leo Weinstein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Weinstein
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Weinstein
Mr. and Mrs. H. Wyman
Mr. and Mrs. S. Worman and family
Dr. and Mrs. Joe M. Witten and children
Mr. and Mrs. Milton Wasserman and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. B. Weingast
Mr. and Mrs. Saul Wolfson and family
Mr. and Mrs. L. Wurn and children
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Witten and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Meyer H. Weiss and daughter
Mr. Isidore Weiss
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Witten
Mrs. Sarah Witten and family
Mr. Max Weiss
Mrs. Dorothy Weintraub
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Wolfson and children
Mrs. Reba Weiner
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Witten and son
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Wilensky
Dr. and Mrs. Louis Wilensky and daughter
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Worman and son
Mr. and Mrs. M. Wall and children
Mr. and Mrs. A. Wadler and son
Mr. and Mrs. M. Weisstein
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Wood and children
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Weinstein and family
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Yoffee and family
Mr. and Mrs. Haskell Zimmerman and family
Mr. and Mrs. A. Zoslow and family
Mrs. Y. Zavon and sons
Mr. and Mrs. Saul Zavon
Mr. and Mrs. Max S. Zernes and family
Mr. and Mrs. A1 Zann and family
===== PAGE 50 =====
HOLIDAY GREETING
MR. AND MRS. SABLOW
MR. AND MRS. JACK KANEL
COMPLIMENTS
FLOWERS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
La M E E
The Florist
"SAY IT WITH FLOWERS"
1516 ATLANTIC BOULEVARD PHONE 9-499I
A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR
THE DIANA SHOPS
HAPPY NEW YEAR
BYRON THOMPSON & CO., INCORPORATED
HOSPITAL PHYSICIANS AND LABORATORY
SUPPLIES AND EQUIPMENT
420 W. MONROE STREET
Phone 5-5396
PITTSBURGH PLATE GLASS COMPANY
GLASS — PAINT — BRUSHES — SUNDRIES
CALL US ON ANY REQUIREMENTS
Phone 4-2836 601 N. Myrtle Avenue
SEASONS GREETINGS
RIDGELL FURNITURE CO.
WHOLESALE ONLY
2700 Myrtle Avenué Phone 5-3188
TIRES - BATTERIES - GAS - OIL
PACE TIRE & BATTERY CO.
913-917 W. Adams Street Phone 5-4820
QUINN R. BARTON COMPANY
INTERNATIONAL MOTOR TRUCKS
POWER UNITS
TRACK TRACTORS
McCORMICK-DEERING FARM MACHINERY
INTERNATIONAL QUALITY AND SERVICE
125 WEST FORSYTH STREET TELEPHONE 3-1145
"Famed For Florida Sea Foods"
HOWARD BISER'S
On The Highway U. S. No. I South
One Mile South of St. Johns River Bridge
2300 KINGS AVENUE PHONE 9-2300
FOR THE UNUSUAL IN FLOWERS
THOMAS — FLORIST
23 WEST MONROE STREET
JACKSONVILLE 2, FLORIDA
Telephones: 5-2213, 5-2214
Julian C. Halsema Jim Fitzpatrick
GREETINGS
MR. AND MRS. DAVE KRAMER
CHILDREN AND RELATIVES
KEPLINGER, INC.
INTERIOR DECORATIONS
17 Julia Street Phone 5-2109
MATHER FURNITURE CO.
201 E. FORSYTH ST.
SIMPSON INSURANCE AGENCY
MRS. EDNA SIMPSON
224 HILDEBRANDT BUILDING PHONE 5-40I3
SANFORD-HALL COMPANY
"Every Office Aid For Every Kind of Trade"
310-3 12 W. Adams Street Phone 5-0153
===== PAGE 51 =====
Compliments
R. L. TRUMP
John A, Cunningham, Inc.
A NAME
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
THAT MEANS
MORE
Hildebrandt Building
1035 Veronica
Phone 5-0974
Phone 2-3325
Forsyth at Broad
Jax Phone 5-4476
IN FURNITURE
Phone 5-0382
}
Beach Phone 82
COMPLIMENTS OF
C. H. BROWN COMPANY
COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY
LOYD G. SANDGREN
8 WEST BAY STREET PHONES 5-6670 - 7-6202
JACKSONVILLE BEACH
TRUCK LINE, Inc.
622 Houston Street
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
Officers
Edw. L. Kittell, Pres. Jacksonville Beach Office
M .M. Kittell, Sec'y-Treas. 217 North First Street
===== PAGE 52 =====
St. Nicholas Park Shopping Center
Extend's its Good Wishes for a
Happy and Prosperous New Year
G & W STORE
5c 10c TO $1.00 AND UP
3122 Atlantic Blvd. Jacksonville, Florida
JEAN'S DRESS SHOP
ATLANTIC BOULEVARD
HOURS 9 TO 6 — EVENINGS BY APPOINTMENT
PHONE 9-6679
ELIZABETH'S BEAUTY SALON
3113 Beach Boulevard St. Nicholas Shopping Center
SOUTH JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
RED'S BARBER SHOP
The Fish that slept in the Sea last night is on sale to-day
AT THE
SEA FOOD SHOP
IN THE
St. Nicholas Shopping District Atlantic Boulevard
YARBORO'S CLOTH STORE
INVITES you TO VISIT OUR STORE
MATERIALS BY THE YARD
HIGHEST QUALITY AT MODERATE PRICES
you ARE ALWAyS WELCOME
VIRGINIA'S GARDEN
AND
GIFT SHOP
HOGAN ROAD AT BEACH ROAD
St. Nicholas Corner Phone 9-6295
PRESTON DRUGS
"The Rexall Store"
PHONE 9-7977
3105 Beach Blvd. Jacksonville, Florida
LAUNDERETTE
Using the -famous BENDIX automatic HOME LAUNDRY
Hours; 8:00 A. M. to 8:00 P. M.
ST. NICHOLAS PARK SHOPPING CENTRE
3115 Hogan Road South Jacksonville
Bring this with you and get 9 lbs. of washing free
TIP-TOP SUPER MARKET
3104 ATLANTIC BLVD.
Phone 9-6239 Max L. Foor
St. Nicholas Park Bakery
Quality Is Our Watch Word
SPECIAL ORDERS FOR PARTIES
3124 Atlantic Boulevard Jacksonville 7, Florida
===== PAGE 53 =====
Sincere Wishes For A
1
Happy New Year
SOUTHERN PINE
With Sincere
CHEMICAL CO.
Best Wishes
(NAVAL STORES DIV.)
N. CHEPENIK and SONS
Division of
THE GLIDDEN CO.
Phone 5-1734 Jacksonville, Florida
110 HOGAN STREET
DUVAL CIGAR STORE
ALL SPORTS RESULTS AT ALL TIMES
Visit a beautiful store
CECIL SUMMERS
%
STANLEY HEWETT
===== PAGE 54 =====
Compliments of
A FRIEND
FEATURING THE BEST (Not The Cheapest)
Weldon's Salon
r?tain StcflCtty
PHONE 5-2466
Evening Appointments
41 W. MONROE ST. First Door East ot Purcells on Monroe St.
CHROMATILE
RUBBER TILE
ASPHALT TILE
VENETIAN BLINDS
INLAID LINOLEUMS
CONGOWALL
BROAD FELT
WALL LINOLEUM
LINOLEUMRUGS
CONGOLEUMS - CARPETS
FREEMAN FLOOR COVERING CO.
CORNER 6TH AND MAIN
COMPLETE FLOOR COVERING CONTRACTORS
THE HORTON COMPANY
1020 HOGAN STREET PHONE 5-1816
BRAKE SERVICE - WHEEL ALIGNING
FRONT END REBUILDING - SHOCK ABSORBERS
ALL CARS — ALL MODELS
"GIVE YOUR CAR BETTER BRAKES"
CHRYSLER AIRTEMP AIR CONDITIONING
H. P. TUTTLE
PRINTING
30 S. MAIN STREET
PHONE 5-3161
THE ATLANTIC WATERPROOFING CO.
E. M. DANIEL THE WATERPROOFER
— ANYTHING BUILT WITH STONE —
TERRA COTTA - BRICK - CEMENT BLOCKS - CONCRETE
Also Caulking Wind ows, Etc.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED ESTIMATES FURNISHED
FORMERLY WITH A. C. HORNE CORP.
2216 Rosselle Street Phone 7-4106
NOTHING TO SELL BUT EXPERIENCE
IT’S
SAM'S LIQUOR STORES
WE MEET ALL ADVERTISED PRICES
DOWNTOWN
124 W. Forsyth Street Phone 5-0031
SOUTHSIDE
I960 San Marco Phone 9-4435
GREETINGS
JOSEPH EMMET HOELSCHER
FOOD PRODUCTS
PHONE 3-0638
===== PAGE 55 =====
BEST WISHES FROM MIAMI BEACH
WHITFIELD SCHOOL
1550 LENOX AVENUE
MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA
Private — Progressive
First through Twelfth Grades includes
Elementary, Junior and Senior High School
Graduates accepted in leading schools and universities
throughout the country
ANDRE S. BIALOLENKI, Principal
HAPPY NEW YEAR
LOUIS HIRSCH
REALATOR
MIAMI BEACH
Rosedale Delicatessen & Restaurant
IRVIN GORDON — HAROLD PONT
WISH YOU A HAPPY NEW YEAR
170 NW FIFTH STREET MIAMI, FLA.
FERRELL JEWELRY CO.
THE TUDOR HOTEL
38 N. E. FIRST AVENUE
llll COLLIN'S AVENUE MIAMI BEACH
FINE JEWELRY AND DIAMONDS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND
EXPERT WATCH REPAIRING
100% AIR CONDITIONED
JAX BREWING COMPANY... Jacksonville, Florida
===== PAGE 56 =====
GREETINGS - Jacksonville Beach
SANDPIPER
BATH HOUSE
OCEAN FRONT
AT
FIFTH AVE.
AND FIRST STREET
PHONE 9143
JACKSONVILLE BEACH
H. E.
PATTEN
PLUMBER
225 Pablo Ave.
Phone 210
LEO'S
CABS
COMPLIMENTS OF
BEACH PRINTING CO.
PABLO AVE., JACKSONVILLE BEACH
SEA GULL
RESTAURANT
JAX BEACH
1412 NORTH 1st STREET
PHONE 9122
Courtesy Jacksonville Beach Chamber of Commerce
BEACH THEATRE
offering
The Screen's Finest Entertainment
CHAO HARDWARE COMPANY, INC.
GENERAL ELECTRIC APPLIANCES
GLIDDEN PAINTS
PABLO AVENUE JACKSONVILLE BEACH
PHONE 556
MANUEL AND WILLIE
GUFFORD'S CHOWDER HOUSE
Featuring
REAL CLAM CHOWDER, STEAKS, CHOPS, FRIED SHRIMP
and FRIED CHICKEN
135 N. FIRST STREET
AMOCO GAS AND OIL
PARTS, BATTERIES AND TIRES
Anderson's Garage and Service Station
24-Hour Day or Night Wrecker Service
DAY PHONE 9142 NIGHT PHONE 220
JACKSONVILLE BEACH, FLORIDA
HART'S
SEA FOOD AND POULTRY MARKET
A Modern Market for Particular People
116 N. FIRST STREET PHONE 500
BEACH FURNITURE CO.
HOME FURNISHERS
FOR THE WORLD'S FINEST BEACHES
202 N. Second Street Phone 84
LOPEZ
BINGO
AT
7 SEAS ON THE BOARDWALK
PEACOCK'S MARKET
The Oldest Independent Market at the Beaches
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY MEATS
PHONE 547
===== PAGE 57 =====
GREETINGS - Atlantic and Neptune Beaches
DINE WITHIN SIGHT OF THE SEA
Copper Kettle
"PRIDE OF THE SOUTH"
DINING ROOM & COCKTAIL LOUNGE DINING AT THE COPPER KETTLE
Is designed for comfort, Good Cheer and the best that the Market affords in good food.
Our menus offer a variety of your favorite dishes, Carefully prepared and fairly priced,
Served in a friendly atmosphere.
IN THE COCKTAIL LOUNGE
Fred Arnold at the Hammond Electric Organ and Piano Nightly playing your favorite songs by request
NO MINIMUM NO COVER NO TAX
ATLANTIC BLVD. & OCEAN FRONT ATLANTIC BEACH, FLORIDA
JUNE WRIGHT
REALTOR
LOVETT BLDG., ATLANTIC BEACH
BEACH BAKERY
Fine Pastries at all times
26 OCEAN BLVD.
5 Doors North of the Blvd.
Atlantic Beach
P. D. Carmichael's Hardware
VENETIAN BLINDS — METAL WEATHERSTRIPS
CUSTOM MADE ASBESTOS AWNINGS
16 Ocean Boulevard Atlantic Beach
BUMPY SHANKS SELLS
HOTPOINT and GENERAL ELECTRIC APPLIANCES
Home Appliances — Easy Payment Plan
BEACH ELECTRIC APPLIANCE CO.
19 FIRST ST. PHONE 181 — 9232
ANTIQUES GIFTS
THE GOLDEN SHOP
ATLANTIC BEACH, FLORIDA
BOX 1255 MRS. JENNIE GOLDEN
JOE'S PLUMBING
and ELECTRIC APPLIANCES
22 OCEAN BLVD. ATLANTIC BEACH
MASON LUMBER & SUPPLY CO.
FIRST STREET
NEPTUNE BEACH
===== PAGE 58 =====
TOPS FOR QUALITY
GREETINGS
J. H. CHURCHWELL COMPANY
Wholesale
DRY GOODS NOTIONS
FURNISHINGS SHOES
READY-TO-WEAR
301-313 E. Bay Street Jacksonville, Fla.
ABE DIAMOND
Wishes You and Yours
A Happy and Prosperous New Year
DIAMOND INSURANCE AGENCY
Graham Building Phone 5-5278
New Year Greeting
VISIT OUR NEW HOME
THE MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE
PLANT IN THE COUNTRY
JACKSONVILLE LINEN SERVICE
B. J. POWERS, Mgr.
354 Park Street Phone 4-6676
===== PAGE 59 =====
PHONE 5-5078
AMOCO PRODUCTS GOODRICH TIRES
MAX WITTEN'S
CRISWELL TIRE CO.
TIRES — BATTERIES — ACCESSORIES
BRAKE SERVICE — MOTOR TUNE UP
NEWT CRISWELL
505 W. DUVAL ST.
STETSON HATS ARROW SHIRTS
STEIN-BLOCH CLOTHES
52 West Forsyth Street
PHONE 5-4941
COMPLIMENTS OF
LEONARD & M. MOSS
LIQUOR STORES
McPherson Drug Co.
1751 MAIN STREET
PRESCRIPTIONS OUR SPECIALTY
A. & M. GOLDSTEIN, Owners
WISHING OUR JEWISH FRIENDS
A HAPPY NEW YEAR
J. J, DALEY CO., INC.
Best Wishes For
A HAPPY NEW YEAR
FLORIDA IRON AND METAL CO.
PHONE 5-6411
STORAGE TIRE REPAIRING
WASHING GREASING
POLISHING TIRE SERVICE
JEFFERSON — HOUSTON — FORSYTH STS.
TELEPHONE 5-1916
STATE STREET AUTO PARTS
PHONE 5-0053
840 North Myrtle Avenue
PEARL STREET PHARMACY
Pierce's Prescription Shop, Inc.
The One Thing We Do
E. J. PIERCE, Prop.
PRESCRIPTIONS
Prescriptions Called For and Delivered
Without Extra Charge
8th AND PEARL STREETS PHONE 5-0083
PHONE 5-1146
ETHICAL VITAMINS — SICK ROOM SUPPLIES
MOTOR DELIVERY H. NEELY, Manager
315 Laura Street at Hemming Park
===== PAGE 60 =====
EAST COAST FRUIT CO.
PHONES 4-1847 — 4-2356
BOB GORDON 1. HECHT M. W. BOSSEN
A Glicklichen Und a Frienlichen Nein Yohr
TO AND FROM OUR MANY FRIENDS AT THE
JACKSONVILLE PRODUCE MARKET, INC.
The Finest Wholesale Market in the South
Where the Farmer, Broker and Buyer Meet
PLENTY OF PARKING SPACE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
West End of Beaver Street Viaduct — Public Address System — Phone 5-3567
MORRIS PORTNOY CO. - PHONE 3-1331
Viaduct Cafe
FLORIDA PRODUCE DISTRIBUTORS
WHOLESALE PRODUCE
TOMATOES OUR SPECIALTY
PHONE 5-0459
Fresh Fruits and Vegetables
TELEPHONE 4-9289
BADGER & WALKER
PRODUCE
CORNELIUS & SON
JAX FRUIT DISTRIBUTORS
PHONE 5-0396
W. W. JOSEY
WILLIE FRADEN
N. J. TRAVASSOS
ED MERRITT
FRUITS and VEGETABLES
Phone 4-3518
===== PAGE 61 =====
GEORGE F. BREDAR COÍRPAÍIV, Inc.
1>ERRL AT mOnROE STREET
JHCKSOnVILLE, FLORIDA
REAL ESTATE-mORTOAGES
TEXAS BARBECUE STAND
TELEPHONE 9-9283
BARBECUE DINNERS
"FAMOUS TEXAS STYLE"
We Never Close — Curb Service
1321 SAN MARCO BLVD.
THE SEABOARD OIL CO.
PHONES 5-0614 — 5-2136
HEARTIEST GREETINGS!
W adams si
• INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S WEAR
• LADIES' LINGERIE AND SPORTSWEAR
• IMPORTED AND DOMESTIC LINENS
JACKSONVILLE 2, FLORIDA
GREETINGS
REYNOLDS PIANO CO.
"Choose Your Piano as the Artists Do"
BALDWIN PIANOS
ACROSONIC — HAMILTON — HOWARD
IVERS AND POND
AND
OTHER FINE PIANOS
New -
1957 San Marco Blvd.
Used
and Exchanged
Phone 9-6922
COMPLIMENTS
JACKSONVILLE MUSIC CO.
Everything in Music
ORGANS — PIANOS — RADIOS
330 West Forsyth Street Jacksonville 2, Florida
PHONE 9-6959
DUVAL SLEEP SHOP
Guaranteed Pre War Innerspring Mattresses
HOLLYWOOD BEDS PLASTIC BEDROOM SETS
1463 MIAMI ROAD SOUTH JACKSONVILLE
A. V. Brown, General Manager
NATIONAL RADIO SERVICE
1409 Miami Road — Phone 9-6438
Auto and Home Radio Repair Specialists
PHILCO YEAR-ROUND PRODUCTS
Mazda Lamps . . . Wiring of all Descriptions . . . Appliances
Satchwell & Joseph Electric Company
ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS
1316 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD TELEPHONE 9-1643
JACKSONVILLE 7, FLORIDA
===== PAGE 62 =====
GAVIN’S FLOWERS
616 PARK ST. AT ROSSELE
FLOWERS FOR
WEDDINGS — CONFORMATIONS
PRESENTATIONS HOSPITAL BOUQUETS
and
DECORATIONS OF ALL KINDS
PHONES 2-9166 — 7-6266
Atlantic Glass and Paint Co.
Free Estimates Cheerfully Given
SOUTH JACKSONVILLE
515 Miami Road Phone 9-6123
THE TIRE MART
640 North Myrtle Avenue
PHONE 5-3199
Estimates Cheerfully Given
E. L. Thomas Roofing Co.
Roof Painting and Repairing
RELIABLE — DEPENDABLE — COMPETENT
TINNER ROOFER
1034 E. Union Street Phone 5-2862
Maytag Sales and Service
REPAIRS FOR ALL MODELS
Largest Stock of Retail Parts in Jacksonville
ROSS RABIEN
RANGES — HOME FREEZERS
IRONERS — WASHERS
614 MAIN STREET PHONE 5-0561
L. C. DuBARD
FLOOR COVERINGS
Linoleum — Asphalt Tile — Carpet — Acoustical Tile
2402-2406 Main Street Telephone 5-4217
Holiday Greetings
HUGH SELLERS
Pharmacy
2700 Park at King Phone 2-361 1-2
Good Wishes for the Year 5706
NEW YORK STAR BAKERY
QUALITY BAKERS
Specialists in Rye and Pumpernickel
151 East 8th Street Phone 5-6304
===== PAGE 63 =====
SEASON'S GREETINGS
SAVE A LITTLE EVERY DAY
EVERYTHING YOU BUY AT . . .
Lovett's and Piggly Wiggly
12—STORES IN JACKSONVILLE—12
2—Stores In Atlantic and Jacksonville Beach—2
ASK FOR IT HI
THE SIGN OF THE
FRIENDLY Q
'oremosV*
£©st For
2903 COLLEGE ST. PHONE 7-8663
*7# 'Pexfeetuate t&e ‘Ttfemwy
'fyocvi ^aved . . .
Beautiful and Artistic Monuments in Bronze, Marble or Granite,
individually designed to harmonize with surroundings—Artistically
built of the finest materials under personal supervision by our
local plant.
Years of outstanding service, plus reasonable prices are your
assurance of satisfaction.
SOUTHERN MONUMENT COMPANY
EXCLUSIVE DEALER COLD SPRINGS “COLORED” GRANITE
MARY SPEER JOINER, President-Manager
4500 MAIN STREET
TELEPHONE 5-8429
===== PAGE 64 =====
GRADE A — RAW — PASTEURIZED
MILK
CALL COUNTY 0432
G. A. PERRETS DAIRY
HOME OF BETTER MILK
DINSMORE, FLORIDA
Wishing Our Many Jewish Friends a
Happy and Prosperous New Year
BOND-HOWELL LUMBER CO.
When Buying Lumber, Building Materials, Paints,
Hardware, Sash and Doors
Office and Plant, 600 East 8th Street
Phones 5-3488 and 5-5042
COMPLIMENTS
Forsyth Shoe Repair Shop
209 W. FORSYTH ST.
PRESSING (While you wait) HAT BLOCKING
WHILE YOU WAIT
Hat Blocking, Shoe Repair, Pressing
and
Dry Cleaning — 24 Hour Service
THE HAT BOX
10 MAIN STREET
COMPLIMENTS OF
FLORIDA HARDWARE CO.
20 East Bay Street
Phone 5-0056
Lubrication Washing & Polishing Accessories Tires & Tubes
SHULTZ PURE STATION
"Be Sure With Pure"
POST AND KING STREETS
M. J. Shultz & Sons Telephone 7-6024
Neon Displays
Shadowless Interior Lighting
CHAS. HENDERSON
1112 KINGS AVENUE
South Jacksonville 7, Florida Phone 9-5034
NEON SIGNS AND SERVICE
Best Wishes of the New Year
DUFFY'S FLORIST
SAN MARCO SQUARE
PHONE 9-4456
Jack's Delicatessen and Restaurant
1965 SAN MARCO SQ.
PHONE 9-2697
We Serve hot lunches and dinners
Hot Corned Beef and Pastrami at its best
W. J. LOHMAN ROOFING CO.
GOOD 'MATERIALS PROPERLY APPLIED
PRICED RIGHT
TERMS TO SUIT
PHONE 7-4754 281 KING STREET
COMPLIMENTS
T. ED BRYAN COMPANY
703 EAST ASHLEY ST. PHONE 5-7858
FOOD PRODUCTS
===== PAGE 65 =====
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
PHOTO -
ENGRAVING
LINE CUTS
HALFTONES
COLON AND
PROCESS
PLATES
JACKSONVILLE, FLfl.
RESPESS
componv
me.
fi COiTiPLETE PRT SERVICE
STEWART'S
FINEST IN SMART WOMEN'S APPAREL
27 West Forsyth Street
COMPLIMENTS
OF
FLORIDA STATE THEATRES
OF
JACKSONVILLE
Florida - Palace - Temple San Marco - Empress - Imperial
Arcade - Capitol - Brentwood Fairfax - Edgewood
===== PAGE 66 =====
COMPTON'S RESTAURANT
408 W. Forsyth Street
OPEN ALL NIGHT
Serving Good Food
To Good People!
JACKSONVILLE GINTER BOX COMPANY
PLAIN AND FANCY SETUP BOXES
Gift Boxes — Candy Boxes
Holiday Boxes — Cigar Boxes
2701 Walnut St. Phone 5-5832-3
"Our Business is Boxes"
GREETINGS
Thirteen Express Service
J. BLOOM, Prop.
749 W. Bay Street Phone 5-0013
STERCHI'S
The South's Most Modern
FURNITURE STORE
MAIN AT ADAMS
TWINS BAKERY
Home Of Choice Bakery Product's
WettcUety eutd ^¿rtáctay ó un Specialty
913 KING STREET JACKSONVILLE, FLA.
PHONE 7-7213
Member Federal Reserve System and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
-u it /%niwrnrnr
Ihc Bi l\ Bm i^JTj 1 1
NATIONAL^BANK
of, ^ackAotwiils,
DEPARTMENTS — Commercial - Savings - Safe Deposit - Collection - Investment Service Department
Ladies Trust and Financing - Fire and Casualty - Insurance Premiums
1877 70th Anniversary 1947
===== PAGE 67 =====
THE FULLER BRUSH
30! EXCHANGE BUILDING
Jacksonville Glass Company
"IF IT'S GLASS WE HAVE IT"
707 West Adams Street Phone 5-5713
DON'S COFFEE SHOP
SANDWICHES — COLD DRINKS
SOUPS — CHILI AND SALADS
50 WEST FORSYTH
Acme Sheet Metal Works
(Oscar Silverman, Mgr.)
ALL TYPES METAL WORK
Air Conditioning — Forced Warm Air Heating
318 Riverside Avenue Phone 5-3438
REITER'S BARBER SHOP
5 BARBERS — MANICURING
105 Julia Street Phone 5-9789
Crystal Plating Works
907 MAIN STREET
Holsenbeck Service Station
1951 MAIN STREET CORNER OF 10th
PHONE 3-9624
TIRES MARFAX LUBRICATION BATTERIES
WASHING POLISHING BATTERY CHARGING
MODERN BAKERY
ORDERS FOR PASTRIES
830 WEST ADAMS ST.
(William H. Workman, Mgr.)
Long - Heliinger Hardware
WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES
Everything in Household Hardware
Sherwin-Williams Paints
3579 ST. JOHNS AVENUE AVONDALE
C - F SALES CORP.
Distributors of
TOOLS — AUTOMOTIVE — ELECTRICAL SUPPLIES
556 RIVERSIDE AVENUE PHONE 7-8421
EXCEL FINANCE CO.
LOANS $300.00 OR LESS
AUTO — FURNITURE
138 West Bay Street Phone 5-7430
MASSEY'S AUTO SERVICE
1554 MAIN STREET PHONE 5-0087
COMPLIMENTS OF
McGRIFFIN COAL CO.
Coal and Oil
Ft. Hogan Street Phone 5-3386
SAMUEL GALINSKY
PLUMBING and HEATING
PHONES 5-6554 — 5-6555
521 West Forsyth Street
SIKES & STOWE
K. A. Stowe J. E. Sikes
Body and Fender Works
High Class Painting
739 W. Adams St. Phone 5-3356
MANGEL'S
FEMININE APPAREL
•
JOE BARCHAN, Manager
•
16 West Forsyth Street Phone 3-0282
===== PAGE 68 =====
UNDERWOOD
JEWELERS
Registered — American Gem Society
229 Hogan St. Phone 5-3311
COMPLIMENTS
HAVERTY FURNITURE CO.
COR. LAURA AT DUVAL
*
COMPLIMENTS
ROOSEVELT LIFE & HEALTH
INSURANCE CO.
"Friendly Protection"
HOME OFFICE 609 LAURA STREET
Jacksonville Phone 5-5498
WILLIAM C. COOPER, JR.
FUNERAL HOME
Ambulance Service
Telephone 5-0218 Lady Attendant
27 W. Ashley Street
Líndell's
Lovely Feminine Footwear
Styled with Finness
115 W. ADAMS STREET
Holiday Greetings
SISTRUNK CO.
OF JACKSONVILLE
AWNINGS— VENETIAN BLINDS
SHIP CANVAS — TARPAULINS
Phone 4-6666 306 Park St.
COMPLIMENTS OF
LIDDY'S MACHINE SHOP
1061 West Forsyth Street
MOTOR & CRANKSHAFT SERVICE
Phone 5-6764
CRANKSHAFT GRINDING and MOTOR REBUILDING
214 JEFFERSON ST.
===== PAGE 69 =====
ABE LIVERT
RECORDS
♦VICTOR *DECCA *COLUMBIA «CAPITOL
513 Main Street Phone 5-5673
BEST WISHES
OF
THE NEW YEAR
ANONYMOUS
HOME PHONE 3-2360-W BUS. 5-4146
Jax Tool & Equipment Co.
W. P. LUNSFORD
EVERYTHING FOR THE MECHANIC
PLUMB TOOL DISTRIBUTOR OF FLORIDA
139 W. STATE STREET
YOUR INSURANCE MAN
JACK GOLDSTEIN
308 HILDEBRANDT BLDG.
Dinners Plate Lunch Fountain Service
"LET'S EAT"
HEWETT'S GRILL
501 W. Adams St. Jacksonville, Florida
PHONE 5-0143
PHONE 5-3771
Crescent Jewelry and Loan Co.
MOSE LAFKOWITZ
414 MAIN STREET
LAHN'S
DISTINCTIVE FEMININE ACCESSORIES
HOTEL ROOSEVELT
25 W. ADAMS STREET PHONE 5-8863
G. D. FORDHAM
211 Graham Building
MANUFACTURING JEWELER
ENGRAVER
DESOTO RESTAURANT
Opposite Railway Station
POPULAR PRICES — QUICK SERVICE
1019 W. Bay Phone 5-9420
CONWAY BROTHERS
Wholesale
FRUIT AND PRODUCE
438 W. Bay St. Phone 5-6790
BERNEY'S
Restaurant
47 WEST ADAMS ST.
PROGRESS FURNITURE CO.
318 BROAD ST. PHONE 5-5714
THE MASURY PAINT STORE
PAINT AND PAINTERS SUPPLIES
G. D. LAMB
126 West Bay Street Phone 5-2888
J. A. TURNER
PAINTING AND DECORATING
126 W. Bay Street Phone 5-2888
HOTEL ANDREW JACKSON
CORNER MAIN & ADAMS ST.
Rates from $2.00 Phone 5-3600
STOREY'S SMOKE SHOP
All sporting events by ticker service
126 West Forsyth St. Phone 5-4744
===== PAGE 70 =====
....
Season's Greetings
GRAHAM BUILDING
THE FINANCIAL NEWS
News You Cannot Get Anywhere Else
Official Paper of U. S. District Court in Bankruptcy—
Jacksonville Bar Association
The Only Newspaper of its Kind
In Duval County
119 East Forsyth Street Phone 5-8343
Harry Finkelstein Company
LUGGAGE—SPORTING GOODS—JEWELRY
— WHATEVER THE SPORT —
We Furnish The Equipment
West Bay, Corner Jefferson Street
LOWE'S CUT RATE DRUGS
301 MAIN STREET — CORNER MONROE
Jacksonville’s
LOWEST DRUG PRICES
NEVER UNDERSOLD!
We Solicit Your Patronage
Draper's New Way Poultry Co.
L. L. Webb, Manager
FINEST FRESH DRESSED and DRAWN POULTRY
ALSO LIVE POULTRY
324 BROAD STREET
Holiday Greetings
ACME MACHINE CO.
H. TRUBSHAW
WELDING — KEYS — SAW FILING
Lawn Mowers Sharpened
Safes Opened and Repaired
26 S. Main Street Phone 5-9463
COMPLIMENTS
SURGICAL SUPPLY CO.
Established 1916
EVERYTHING FOR THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
TAMPA JACKSONVILLE ST. PETERSBURG
40-42 W. Duval St.
COMPLIMENTS
Superior Iron and Metal Co.
602 E. First Street
===== PAGE 71 =====
Southside's Better Beauty Shops
MISSYE BRICKELL’S
BEAUTY LOUNGE
2026 Hendricks Ave. Phone 9-1384
SAN JOSE BEAUTY CENTER
1959 San Marco Phones 9-3740 — 9-6631
COMPLIMENTS
BISBEE-BALDWIN CORPORATION
1124 Barnett Bldg. Phone 5-6280
ROY S. GREELISH
CONTRACTOR
210-12 RIVERSIDE
PLUMBING — HEATING — REPAIRING
GAS FITTING
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
Jax Spring & Alignment Co., Inc.
"We Keep 'Em Rolling"
137 Jefferson Street Phone 5-5300
PROCTOR-BURNETT
SIGNS
711 'MAIN STREET PHONE 9-6666
Compliments of
R. R. & G. L. ROSBOROUGH
GENERAL INSURANCE & SURETY BONDS
8th Floor Atlantic National Bank Bldg. Phone 5-8190
FLOYD'S
5 - 10
"Something New Every Day"
713-15 MAIN STREET
LERNER SHOPS
118 MAIN STREET
KING ST. BICYCLE STORE
BICYCLES Lawn Mowers Sharpened
KEYS MADE Wheel Goods & Repairs
Model Airplanes
Phone 7-5855 1241 King Street
FOR GOOD FOOD VISIT THE
TIP TOP HOUSE
Rea Jarchower
FOOD THAT IS TOPS
1957 HENDRICKS AVENUE
Phone 9-9167 South Jacksonville
NEW YEAR GREETINGS
S. H. KRESS & CO.
2002 SAN MARCO BLVD.
AMBROSE THE PRINTER
34 Years in Jacksonville . . . Producing QUALITY
PRINTING
1553 San Marco Blvd., So. Jax. Phone 9-4433
HAPPY NEW YEAR
Springfield Laundry and Cleaners
2511 Main Street Phone 5-5644
ROBERTS FURNITURE CO.
WE BUY, SELL AND EXCHANGE NEW AND USED
Furniture
1008 FOREST STREET PHONE 5-0907
SOUTHERN FOOD AT ITS BEST
SOUTHERN CAFETERIA
216 W. Adams Street
CARLETON PHARMACY
1990 San Marco Blvd. Telephone 9-1626
R. E. WILKERSON & COMPANY
OFFICE SUPPLIES
Wood and Metal Office Equipment
Telephone 4-4611 332 W. Forsyth Street
GREETINGS
F. V. WIENECKE
PHONES 5-5014 — 5-8969-R
REAL ESTATE BROKER
Sun Life Assurance Co. of Canada
A. LeRoy Johnson
Seaboard Beverage Co.
520 E. 8th Street
DISTRIBUTORS FOR
Sea-Bo Cal. Wines, Barbarossa Beer and Red Top Ale
===== PAGE 72 =====
BEST WISHES
PASTIME TAVERN
Compliments of Nathan Freidlen
A
Dealers Tire Supply Co.
Distribution of Service Station
ííwTiiiifüyrTMy
Supplies and Accessories
916 N. MYRTLE AVE. PHONES 4-2881 and 4-2882
GREETINGS
AND
BEST WISHES
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
GENERAL MILLS, Inc.
Sears Roebuck & Co.
FARM SERVICE DIVISION
FORSYTH AT BROAD
Carl Bridges, Manager
2 RIVERSIDE AVENUE PHONE 5-6100
===== PAGE 73 =====
MOED'S TRANSFER CO.
MOVING AND HAULING
PHONE 4-1626
1230 West Adams Street
Bill Williams Service Station
Park Street & Edison Avenue
STANDARD PRODUCTS — ATLAS TIRES
BATTERIES — ACCESSORIES
WASHING — LUBRICATION — SIMONIZING
PHONE 7-6477
ROAD SERVICE ANYWHERE
Williams Motor Co.
Park Street & Edison Avenue
MOTOR TUNE UP — BRAKE
COMPLETE AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE
Palmer's Beauty Shop
HAIR STYLIST
St. James Building
Phone 5-1946
Happy New Year From
DOMESTIC LAUNDRY
ORIGINATOR
of the Laundry Service known as DOMESTIC FINISH
PHONE 7-8686
I C E
SEE THE
NEW AIR-CONDITIONED REFRIGERATOR
Atlantic Ice & Coal Company
Myrtle Avenue and Dennis Street
Phone 5-2500
Riverside Automotive Service
College St. at Edison Ave.
PHONE 5-4660
FACTORY AUTHORIZED BEAR SYSTEM
FRONT END ALIGNMENT AND WHEEL BALANCING
SERVICE, SCIENTIFIC MOTOR ANALYZING AND TUNING
KELLY SPRINGFIELD TIRES AND TUBES
SUNOCO GAS — OIL
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
RIVERSIDE THEATRE
M. C. MOORE
The Home of Fine Pictures
MULLIS POULTRY COMPANY
POULTRY and EGGS
1247 W. Adams Street
Phone 5-0491
COMPLIMENTS OF
CHERRY'S LIQUORS
313 Main Street
1322 Miami Road
E. H. THOMPSON CO.f INC.
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT
EQUIPMENT
E. H. THOMPSON, President
730-734 W. Bay Street Phones 5-3907 — 5-0489
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
===== PAGE 74 =====
George Romanoff
THE SOUTH'S
MOST IMPORTANT
WRESTLING
PROMOTER
Presents
GEORGE ROMANOFF
Retired Middleweight Champion
WRESTLING
EVERY THURSDAY NIGHT, 8:30 P. M. AT THE
ARENA
Main at Beaver Street
-BONO-
Cleaners and Dyers
Main Office & Plant
1105 San Marco Blvd.
Phone 9-4441
Delivery to All Parts of Jacksonville
Branch
1005 Forest St.
Phone 3-9254
DODSON'S GRILL
HOME COOKED FOOD
Corner Bay and Main
Open II A. M. to 10 P. M. Daily
—Serving—
LUNCHEON — DINNER
Jax Newest, Better Restaurant
GENERAL LINEN
SUPPLY CO.
41 I East Bay Street
Phone 5-3005
INSURANCE?
LEAVE IT TO - -
204 Burgess Building
21 North Laura Street
NOBBS
PHONE 5-2269
S. W. RICE CO.
UNIFORMS
207 W. Adams St.
Phone 5-0073
SOUTHERN ELECTRIC CO.
Phone 5-3632 318 W. Adams
List Your Rental Property With Us for Results - -
Ross Perkins and Company
Maintenance Kept at a Minimum
18 and 20 S. Laura St. Phone 5-5666
E. W. SAVAGE
MERCHANDISE BROKER
BECKER'S KOSHER MARKET
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL MEATS
THE MEYERHOFFS
Telephone 3-0238 209 Broad Street
===== PAGE 75 =====
GREETINGS
Miller Machinery and Supply Co.
Dairy — Laundry and Dry Cleaning
Supplies and Equipment
JACKSONVILLE MIAMI
COMPLIMENTS
EAST COAST SALVAGE
AND
WAREHOUSE CO.
Irving Tashman William A. Adler
Nat Hankoff
A Happy and Prosperous New Year to My Jewish Friends
QUALITY OIL CO.
Distributors of
Sinclair Products H-C Gasoline and Motor Oils
Blue Blaze Kerosene Meter Service
FUEL OIL FOR ALL HEATING PURPOSES
CHAS. J. HAZOURI, SR. CHAS. J. HAZOURI, JR. EDITH HAZOURI
1225 KINGS ROAD AT RAILROAD PHONE 5-1157
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
And thank you for your patronage
We are always glad to serve you with the finest used cars
and Trucks available
COME BY AND SEE US ANYWAY, YOU ARE ALWAYS WELCOME
GLENN BOOTH MOTOR SALES
920 W. ADA'MS STREET
1561 San Marco Blvd. on the Southside
PHONE 4-1507
Phone 9-3252
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
WILFRED COHEN BEN LEBEDIN
BEST WISHES OF THE NEW YEAR
From the Manufacturers of
The Crusader School Supplies
ON SALE AT YOUR DEALERS
COMPLIMENTS OF
FLORIDA HARDWARE CO.
20 East Bay Street Phone 5-0056
HOLLY CREST
"Quality Poultry"
1014 KING
2-9582
===== PAGE 76 =====
Compliments of
Three Jay's Restaurant
947 EDGEWOOD AVE.
EDGE. & POST
2025 MAIN
10th & MAIN
ALWAYS OPEN TO SERVE YOU
IRVING COHEN, Prop.
Ich Winsche Alie Meine Idishe
Freunde A Glicklichen Und A
Frenlichen Nein Yahr
JAMES R. BOYD
COMPLIMENTS OF
SD00 WRTT5 JRCKSDHVILIE,FLORID^
* AMERICAN BRDHDCHSTINB COMPANY. INC. *
600 ON YOUR DIAL
PHONE 3-9369
Begal's Kosher Restaurant
116 CLAY STREET JACKSONVILLE, FLA.
/#
New Year's Greetings"
"Robert M. Rieders and Malvern B. Fink"
Herman's Delicatessen
1712 SAN MARCO
PHONE 9-7124
We Feature the largest variety of
Tailor Made Salads and Assorted Sandwiches
Featuring Hot Corned Beef and Pastrami
TRULY THE LINDA'S OF THE SOUTH
SIDEWALKS — DRIVEWAYS
WEATHERSTRIPPING — ASBESTOS AWNINGS
ALWAYS THE BEST WITH
MODERN CONSTRUCTION
1619 E. 8th Street
Phones 5-4349 — 5-4350
Holiday Greetings
ACME MACHINE CO*
H. TRUBSHAW
WELDING — KEYS — SAW FILING
Lawn Mowers Sharpened — Safes Opened and Repaired
26 S. Main Street Phone 5-9463
===== PAGE 77 =====
SID MACK CO.
Plumbing Supplies
New Location — 2222 W. Beaver St.
Phone 5-2951
CITY PEST CONTROL
STRUCTURAL PEST CONTROL SERVICE
Fumigating
Bonded Termite Control
45 Riverside Avenue
Our Best Advertisement is on Your Plate
- 4íiÁe- f^r-ice i
RESTAURANT
2006 San Marco Blvd.
"One of Americas' Fine Restaurants"
SEASON'S GREETING
ENRICHED
WARD'S
TIP TOP
BREAD
The loaf in the Star End Wrapper
WARDS BAKING COMPANY - TIP-TOP BAKERIES
===== PAGE 78 =====
BEST WISHES
Spink-Blume Lumber
Corporation
Wholesalers
SEASON'S GREETINGS
Charles E. Commander & Co.
REAL ESTATE
A. A. Spink, Jr. R. J. Blume
Greenleaf Bldg. P. O. Box 785 Phone 5-4682
325 W. Forsyth Street
Phone 5-3847
Jacksonville's ONLY Exclusive PEN SHOP
Parker, Sheaffer, Eversharp & Waterman Pens, Pencils & Desk Sets
WITH BEST WISHES FROM
I. Beverly Nolle, Inc.
RENTALS MORTGAGES LOANS
Realtors
FOUNTAIN PEN HEADQUARTERS
We Make Them Write Right
FACTORY METHOD AND EQUIPMENT
SALES AND SERVICE
Phone 5-4262 124 West Bay Street
JACKSONVILLE 2, FLORIDA
I. Beverly Nalle, Pres.
H. J. Grainger, Vice Pres.
E. S. Moore, JM Sec.
311 W. Forsyth St.
Phone 5-2256
KRAEMER'S PHARMACY
S. H. TAXIER, Ph. S.
REGISTERED PHARMACIST IN CHARGE
901 King, Cor. College Phone 7-8648
CHRYSLER AIRTEMP AIR CONDITIONING
McCRAY COMMERCIAL REFRIGERATION
BY
Chas. W. Hughes, Inc.
260 PARK STREET
Phone 5-3517
Jacksonville, Florida
Southern Hardware and
Bicycle Co.
ROLLFAST
BICYCLES — VELOCIPEDES — SKATES
WHOLESALE ONLY
Manufacturers — Distributors — Jobbers
CORNER 14th AND LIBERTY STREETS PHONE 5-3895
TRAVIS INSURANCE AGENCY, Inc.
GENERAL INSURANCE
Agents for Metropolitan Casualty Ins. Co. of N. Y.
===== PAGE 79 =====
Send Us Your
SUITS, DRESSES, COATS, HATS, FURS
DRAPERIES, RUGS
NEW YORK LAUNDRY
Certified Cold Fur Storage
Liberty and Forsyth Street Telephone 5-61 15
WE INVITE YOUR PATRONAGE
«ATLANTIC
NATIONAL BANIC,
OF J A C 1C S ({pjjirN V l L L E
ORGANIZED 190i
Member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
===== PAGE 80 =====
Stay Tuned to
WJAX
Your Municipal Radio Station — 930 on the Dial
It has earned over ONE MILLION DOLLARS NET PROFIT for its tax¬
payers since it went on the air.
THOS. C. IMESON
Commissioner in Charge
JNO. T. HOPKINS, III
Manager and Chief Engineer
John Z. Fletcher and associates
ROYAL CROWN COLA
BOTTLING CO.
JACKSONVILLE
INSURANCE
1016 BARNETT BLDG.
PHONE 5-5125
HARRY M. SAWYER
E. WHITE
===== PAGE 81 =====
COMPLIMENTS OF
ESTES-KRÁUSS
FUNERAL HOME
BEST WISHES TO
OUR JEWISH FRIENDS
MOTOR TRANSIT COMPANY
JOHN Z. FLETCHER, President
===== PAGE 82 =====
JAY BAHME BESS ROTHSTEIN
THE BOYS7 SHOP
29 W. DUVAL ST. PHONE 5-7393
GREETINGS
Remington Rand Typewriter
324 RESTAURANT
STEAKS — CHICKEN — SEA FOOD
324 W. Forsyth St. Phone 5-2860
E. L. LONG
PHOTOGRAPHER
3328 Deason Avenue Jacksonville, Fla.
PORTRAITS, GROUPS, PARTIES AND WEDDINGS
PHONE 7-4043
Turpentine and Rosin Factors, Inc.
Atlantic National Bank Bldg. Phone 5-2801
A Prosperous New Year
TO ALL
DAVE BEAR
NORMAN MARKS
MERCHANDISE MART
HOME FURNISHERS
j 519 Main Street Phone 5-0214
B. RAINES BARBER SHOP
Six First Class Barbers Two Manicurists
WE USE SOFT WATER
26 HOGAN STREET B. RAINES, Prop.
Mr. and Mrs.
Teddy Friedman and Family
323 DEMPER DRIVE
GREETINGS
UNDERWOOD CORP.
308 Adams Phone 5-2322
WORMAN'S BAKERY
204 BROAD STREET
DANESE'S SERVICE STATION
200 East Adams Street
Authorized Standard Oil Dealer
WASHING — LUBRICATION
Car Servicing Phone 3-9123
HAPPY NEW YEAR
SAFER'S KOSHER
Market & Delicatessen
614 West Adams Street Phone 5-3315
HAPPY NEW YEAR AND BEST WISHES
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Schain and Family
BOWLING CENTERS
BAY 4 MAIN DAYTONA
SPRINGFIELD ORLANDO
SO. JACKSONVILLE LAKELAND
JOIN A LEAGUE! BOWL FOR HEALTH!
TELEPHONE 5-1668
BRAGG & BARCO
ELECTRIC and ACETYLENE WELDING
General Auto Repairing
800 HOGAN STREET
===== PAGE 83 =====
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
★ ANNIVERSARY
★ BIRTHDAY
★ WEDDING
★ CONVENIENT TERMS
* ALL PRICES INCLUDE TAX
Compliments of
Title & Trust Company
of Florida
TITLE INSURANCE, ABSTRACTS
TRUSTS — ESCROWS
111 MAIN STREET LYNCH BLDG.
Every house needs WESTINGHOUSE
OLIN F. WOLFE COMPANY
WESTINGHOUSE
FRANCHISE DEALER
32 W. BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE 2, FLORIDA
OLIN F. WOLFE TELEPHONE 5-5I90
===== PAGE 84 =====
J. F. THOMPSON
1408 MAIN ST.
REPRESENTING
Ed. Friedrich Floating Air Refrigeration and Service
Jim Vauchan Meat Sauce
GEORGE SURRENCY
HOBART FOOD MACHINES
DAYTON SCALES
515 E. BAY
J. E. GUSTAFSON CO.
DEALER
Pool Tables, New and Second Hand.
Supplies of All Kind for Home and Business
New Cloth Recover Rails and Tables
1531 MAIN STREET PHONE 5-5724
GREETINGS
PEOPLES FOOD STORE
JACK ROSS SIDNEY ALTMAN
3819 MAIN STREET PHONE 5-1507
J. T. HUDSON
DISTRIBUTOR FOR GLOBE SLICERS AND SIMPSON CHOPPER SCALES
STORE FIXTURES
PHONE 5-2142
32nd AND MAIN STREETS
PATTEN SALES CO., Inc.
Florida Distributors For
CARTER CARBURETOR CORP.
724 Laura Street Phone 5-2183
COMPLIMENTS
THE OUTLET STORE
WOMEN'S APPAREL
Main and Bay Phone 5-0479
ED'S LOAN OFFICE
612 Davis St. Phone 5-5691
Florida Ice Machine Corp.
Phone 5-1805
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
NATIONAL SALVAGE CO.
Buyers of Metal — Iron and Machinery
2151 West Beaver Street Phone 5-1870
HOTEL FLORIDAN
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
FIREPROOF
5 POINT DRY CLEANERS
& SILVERMAN'S LAUNDRY
W. SILVERMAN
Drive In — "Service With A Smile"
May, Cor. Forest 462 Riverside Ave.
5.1513 _ PHONES — 5-1514
Jacksonville Salvage &
Plumbing Supply Co.
"New and Used Plumbing Supplies"
PERRY KANTOR MAX KRUVAND
Phone 5-8998-J 2097 W. Beaver St.
John A. Bryson Lumber Co.
New and Used Building Materials
2066 W. Beaver Phone 5-7088
Strickland & Hardin, Inc.
INSURANCE
Atlantic National Bank Bldg. Phone 5-0903
PHONE 4-2245
Huggins & Jones Service Station
GULF OIL PRODUCTS
Washing — Polishing — Lubrication — Tires — Tubes — Batteries
OPEN ALL NIGHT
2051 WEST BEAVER ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA.
===== PAGE 85 =====
COMPLIMENTS OF
EL! EDWARDS
OWNER
SMITH & EDWARDS GARAGE
Complete Automotive Work
Body and Fender Painting
702 W. ADAMS ST. PHONE 5-0781
EDWARDS GARAGE
45 S. HOGAN ST.
Inside Storage and Parking
24 Hour Storage
PHONES 3-2077 — 5-8848
GREETINGS
A L SAGER
Used Cars
15 WEST STATE STREET
Phone 5-3595
fan
FLOWERS BAKING COMPANY OF JACKSONVILLE, FLA.
===== PAGE 86 =====
For Reliable Signs
CALL US
OUTDOOR ADVERTISING
Morrison's Cafeteria
Good Food For Good Health
BACHE BROS. SIGN CO.
Over 21 Years of Dependable Service
Established 1919
F. Bayard Bache — Philip T. Bache
115 EAST FORSYTH PHONE 5-7896
119 WEST ADAMS STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
FRANCO-
AMERICAN
Beauty Salon
For the finest in
Beauty Work
whether it’s a manicure, a per¬
manent or a series of slenderiz¬
ing treatments.
29 W. Monroe St.
Phone 5-5081
Compliments of the
Southway Battery Mfg. Co.,
Foot West Adams St.
Go the SAFEWAY with a SOUTHWAY
SCIENTIFICALLY CONSTRUCTED
Lobster House Restaurant
On The Beautiful St. Johns River
SEA FOOD A SPECIALTY
STEAKS — CHOPS
TELEPHONE 9-2800
BETWEEN TWO BRIDGES
FOOT DURAND AVE., SO. JAX.
C - F Sales and Purchasing Co.
Distributors of
TOOLS — AUTOMOTIVE
ELECTRICAL SUPPLIES
556 Riverside Ave. Phone 7-8421
THE BERWOOD
YOUR HOME AWAY FROM HOME
126 Newnan St. Phone 5-9837
"There's A Gulf Life Man As Near As Your Telephone"
Gulf Life Insurance Company
PHONE 5-7032
Home Office 125 W. Church St.
GREETINGS
S. & H. Service Station
1665 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD
South Jacksonville
Telephone 9-1954
DEPENDABLE SERVICE
Complete Auto Repairing, Wheel Alignment and Balancing
Lubrication and Washing, Brake Work A Specialty
===== PAGE 87 =====
2be Jewish Religious (IalenOar
We are publishing again the Jewish Religious Calendar (Luah),
which has proven a valuable appendix to this publication, and
which has become a necessity in Jewish homes because of its fre¬
quent use throughout the year. It is printed upon successive pages
with corresponding dates of the general calendar, and enables
one to use this portion of the book as a complete calendar.
The Hebrew side of the calendar contains the Hebrew names of
the festivals, holidays, and fa£t days. The weekly portion of the
Law (Sidra) read each Saturday from the Torah, is indicated. A
reminder to light the Sabbath candles or the festival candles (L.C.)
appears opposite the proper days.
Translations of Hebrew holidays appear in parentheses on the
general calendar.
Below the calendar appear brief explanations of the holidays and
special Sabbaths, and various occasions.
1947 GENERAL
SEPT.-OCT.
HEBREW 5708
TISHRI
(New Year) Sept. 15
Mon.
1 Rosh Hashanah 1st
day
16
Tues.
2 Rosh Hashanah 2nd
day
17
Wed.
3 Fast of Gedalia
18
Thurs.
4
19
Fri.
5 L. C.
20
Sat.
6 (Shabbat Shuba)—
Yayelik
21
Sun.
7
22
Mon.
8
(Day of Atonement)
23
Tues.
9 Erev Yom Kippur—
L. C.
24
Wed.
10 Yom Kippur
25
Thurs.
11
26
Fri.
12 L. C.
27
Sat.
13 Haazinu
28
Sun.
14 Erev Sukkot—L. C.
(Feast of Taber¬
nacles)
29
Mon.
15 Sukkot 1st day—
L. C.
30
Tues.
16 Sukkot 2nd day
Oct.
1
Wed.
17 Hoi Hamoed—1st
day
r 2
Thurs.
18 Hoi Hamoed—2nd
day
(Intermediate Days)
3
Fri.
19 Hoi Hamoed—3rd
day—L. C.
4
Sat.
20 Hoi Hamoed—4th
day
5
Sun.
21 Hoshana Raba—
L. C.
6
Mon.
22 Shemini Azeret—
Yizkor—L. C.
7
Tues.
23 Simhat Torah
8
Wed.
24
9
Thurs.
25
10
Fri.
26 L. C.
11
Sat.
27 Bereshit
Columbus Day
12
Sun.
28
13
Mon.
29
14
Tues.
30 1st day Rosh Hodesh
Heshvan
L. C. Light Sabbath or Festival Candles % hour before sunset, for
which consult daily newspapers.
Rosh Hashanah marks the beginning of the Jewish New Year and
lasts two days. It is also the beginning of the 10 days of Penitence,
which end with Yom Kippur. Sincere prayer and meditation during
these days help us to experience the reality of God and to dedicate
ourselves anew to the establishment of His Kingdom on earth — the
reign of freedom, justice and peace.
Shabbath Simba derives its name from the Haftorah of that day.
Hosea xiv, 2-10 which begins with the word Shuba — “Return”,
i.e., Repent.
Yom Kippur (Day of Atonement) is a day of fasting and prayer,
when we strive to awaken the latent spiritual power in our souls
so that it may become an effective and directing force in our daily
conduct.
Sukkot (Feast of Tabernacles) is the Jewish festival of Thanks¬
giving after all the products of the field have been gathered in.
The Sukkah symbolizes the wanderings of our ancestors in the
wilderness of Sinai.
Simhat Torah (Rejoicing in the Torah) is the second day of
Shemini Azeret. Then the reading of the Pentateuch is completed
and begun anew for the coming year. This event is celebrated
with Hakofos—procession with the scrolls of the Torah to the
accompaniment of songs and dancing.
Rosh Hodesh is the term for the beginning of a new month. As
a Jewish year is based on the lunar calendar, the beginning of
the new month coincides with the new moon. When a month has
thirty days, the last is considered the first of the two days which
constitute Rosh Hodesh of the month following.
===== PAGE 88 =====
1947 GENERAL
HEBREW 5708
OCT.-NOV.
HESHVAN
COMPLIMENTS OF
15
Wed.
1 2nd day Rosh
HERMAN JACKSON CLEANERS
Hodesh
16
Thurs.
2
ONE DAY SERVICE
17
Fri.
3 L. C.
1981 San Marco Blvd. 9-7010
18
Sat.
4 Noah
19
Sun.
5
20
Mon.
6
21
Tues.
7
22
Wed.
8
COMPLIMENTS OF
23
Thurs.
9
24
Fri.
10 L. C.
SAN MARCO SHOP
25
Sat.
11 Lekh Lekha
POPULAR & BETTER DRESSES
26
Sun.
12
27
Mon.
13
1405 Atlantic Blvd. 9-2179
28
Tues.
14
29
Wed.
15
30
Thurs.
16
31
Fri.
17 L. C.
Nov. 1
Sat.
18 Yayera
Balfour Declaration
Wishing Our Many Jewish Friends
Day 2
Sun.
19
3
Mon.
20
4
Tues.
21
5
Wed.
22
A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS
6
Thurs.
23
7
Fri.
24 L. C.
NEW YEAR
8
Sat.
25 Haye Sarah
9
Sun.
26
10
Mon.
27
Armistice Day 11
12
Tues.
Wed.
28
29
MONARCH FINER FOODS
13
Thurs.
30 1st Day Rosh
Hodesh Kislev
AVONDALE PAINT STORE
PAINTS AND WALL PAPER
Commercial Printing Co.
CALL US FOR RELIABLE PAINTERS
(Have Your Printing Commercialized)
3606 St. Johns Avenue
Phone 2-5511
EDYTHE CLARK SKIPPER
COMPLIMENTS
San Marco Bakery and Delicatessen
Specializing in
HOMELIKE BAKED FOODS
1980 San Marco Boulevard Phone 9-9158
PATRONIZE
OUR ADVERTISERS
MANAGER
The Symbol of Union Labor
6 North Newnan St.
Phone 5-5944
Sincere Wishes for a Happy New Year
SOUTHERN DAIRIES
SEALTEST
ICE CREAM — MILK
TROTTER'S DINER
REGULAR MEALS STEAKS - CHOPS
CHICKEN - SEA FOOD
127 BROAD STREET
100% AIR CONDITIONED
J. H. MALLETT
JACKSONVILLE, FLA.
RUBBER STAMPS
517 LAURA
PHONE 5-5070
===== PAGE 89 =====
1947 GENERAL HEBREW 5708
NOV.-DEC. KISLEV
14
Fri.
1 2nd day Rosh
Hodesh — L. C.
15
Sat.
2 Toledot
16
Sun.
3
17
Mon.
4
18
Tues.
5
19
Wed.
6
20
Thurs.
7
21
Fri.
8 L. C.
22
Sat.
9 Vayeze
23
Sun.
10
24
Mon.
11
25
Tues.
12
26
Wed.
13
Thanksgiving Day 27
Thurs.
14
28
Fri.
15 L. C.
29
Sat.
16 Vayishlah
30
Sun.
17
Dec. 1
Mon.
18
2
Tues.
19
3
Wed.
20
4
Thurs.
21
5
Fri.
22 L. C.
6
Sat.
23 Vayesheb
7
Sun.
24 Erev Hanukah —
1st light
(Feast of Maccabees) 8
Mon.
25 Hanukah 1st day
2nd light
9
Tues.
26 Hanukah 2nd day
3rd light
10
Wed.
27 Hanukah 3rd day
4th light
11
Thurs.
28 Hanukah 4th day
5th light
12
Fri.
29 Hanukah 5th day
6th light — L. C.
13
Sat.
30 Hanukah 6th day
7th light — Mikez
1st Day Rosh
Hodesh Tebet
Hanukah. (Dedication Days) celebrates the re-dedication of the
Temple by the victorious Maccabees (167 B.C.E.) after their
struggle against the Syrian King Antiochus who, with the aid
of the Jewish apostates, had attempted to suppress the religion of
the Jews. For eight days lights were kindled every evening in
commemoration of their victory for religious liberty.
COMPLIMENTS OF
THE FLORIDA TIMES-UNION
For the Finest in Imported and Domestic
CIGARS & TOBACCOS
PIPES FROM LEADING MANUFACTURERS
THE UNUSUAL IN SMOKERS' ACCESSORIES
"THE SPECIALTY SHOP FOR THE DISCRIMINATE"
The Tobacco Shop
MILTON J. KLAVANS, Prop.
225 Main St. Masonic Temple Bldg.
PHONE 5-4497
LOWE BROS.
WALL PAPER AND PAINTS
PAPER HANGER
PAINTER SUPPLIES
620 W. BAY ST. PHONE 4-4403-4
COMPLIMENTS
W. O. KERNS
HAPPY NEW YEAR
DESOTO PACKAGE STORE
ACROSS FROM UNION DEPOT
Assistant to District Manager
General Foods Sales Division
GENERAL FOODS CORPORATION
657 E. Bay Street Jacksonville I, Florida
1014 James Street, Jacksonville, Fla.
LANDAU DRUGS
COMPLETE LINE OF DRUGS
PRESCRIPTIONS
Oak and Barrs Phone 7-5118
COMPLIMENTS
HART FURNITURE CO.
Phone 5-0309 618 West Forsyth Street
HOTEL WINDLE
In the Center of the Shopping District
Across from all Theatres
Offers Congenial, Complete and Efficient Service
Travel Service, Beauty, Coffee Shop
Consolidated Automotive Co.
1075 West Forsyth Phone 5-7721
Best Wishes of the New Year
I. J. EDELSTEIN
2798 St. Johns Ave. Phone 2-6326
===== PAGE 90 =====
1947-48 GENERAL
DEC.-JAN.
HEBREW 5708
TEBET
14
Sun.
Rosh Hodesh 2nd
day
1 Hanukah 7th day
15
Mon.
8th light
2 Last day of
16
ñ ü
Tues.
Hanukah
3
17
Wed.
4
18
Thurs.
5
19
Fri.
6 L. C.
20
Sat.
7 Vayigash
21
Sun.
8
22
Mon.
9
(Fast of Tebet) 23
Tues.
10 Asarah Betebet
24
Wed.
11
25
Thurs.
12
26
Fri.
13 L. C.
27
Sat.
14 Yayehi
28
Sun.
15
29
Mon.
16
30
Tnes.
17
31
Wed.
18
New Year’s Day 1948
Jan. 1
Thurs.
19
2
Fri.
20 L. C.
3
Sat.
21 Shemot
4
Sun.
22
5
Mon.
23
6
Tues.
24
7
Wed.
25
8
Thurs.
26
9
Fri.
27 L. C.
10
Sat.
28 Vaera
11
Sun.
29
Asarah B’Tebet (tenth of Tebet) commemorates the day when the
Babylonians began their effective seige of Jerusalem in 586 B.G.E.
J. G. FERRELL JEWELRY
Repair Work a Specially — Small Weekly Payments
208 Broad St. Phone 5-8003
CANARY BAR
701 MAIN STREET PHONE 5-9374
PAPER - - That's our Business
Atlantic Bag and Paper Company
920-22-24 West Bay St. Phones 5-1698 and 5-1699
MENDELSON PRINTING COMPANY
756 WEST ADAMS STREET
NED CLARK & CO.
RESTAURANT EQUIPMENT
503 W. Forsyth St. Phone 5-0500
LUIGART'S RESTAURANT
FISHLER'S SERVICE STATION
568 North Myrtle Avenue
FOR
RENTAL RESULTS
MILLS SMITH, INC.
336 West Forsyth Street
Phone 5-5958
HAPPY NEW YEAR
HARRY W. REINSTINE
DIXIE PAINT STORE
(Louis Weem, Prop.)
We rent you a floor sanding Machine
132 E. Bay Phone 5-7338
JACKSONVILLE NEWS STAND
PAPERS FROM EVERYWHERE
HOGAN AT FORSYTH
CARL D. LANGSTON
INSURANCE
BATEMAN AND FREEMAN
PRODUCE
BAY AT JULIA
FUTCH LETTER SHOP
Multigraphing — Mimeographing
Addressing — Folding — Printing
Mailing Lists
228 E. Forsyth St. Phone 5-3548
KELLEY-CORRY FURNITURE CO.
1801 Main St. Phone 5-2390
GREETINGS
JOSIAH M. JORDAN
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT
Phone 5-4955 Exchange Bldg.
PITNEY-BOWES POSTAGE METER CO.
11 EAST FORSYTH STREET
TELEPHONE 5-0198
D. D. D. BUILDERS, INC.
WILL,'ñM MILLWARD REPAIR OR REMODELING
JACK BOYES COMMERCIAL BLDG.
JACK DEMETREE HOME BUILDING
1077 Kings Avenue
Phones 9-7105 and 9-7180
HARRY FRIESEKE
Individualized Picture Framing
— Frames Finished in Gold Leaf —
OIL PAINTINGS RESTORED
I 18 W. Bay St. Phone 5-6670
===== PAGE 91 =====
1948 GENERAL
JAN.-FEB.
HEBREW 5708
SHEBAT
12
Mon.
1 Rosh Hodesh
13
Tues.
2 °
14
Wed.
3
15
Thurs.
4
16
Fri.
5 L. C.
17
Sat.
6 Bo
18
Sun.
7
19
Mon.
8
20
Tues.
9
21
Wed.
10
22
Thurs.
11
23
Fri.
12 L. C.
24
Sat.
13 Beshalah
25
Sun.
14
(Arbor Day) 26
Mon.
15 Hamisha Asar
B’Shebat
27
Tues.
16
28
Wed.
17
29
Thurs.
18
30
Fri.
19 L. C.
31
Sat.
20 Yitro
Feb. 1
Sun.
21
2
Mon.
22
3
Tues.
23
4
Wed.
24
5
Thurs.
25
6
Fri.
26 L. C.
7
Sat.
27 Mishpatim
8
Sun.
28
9
Mon.
29
10
Tues.
30 1st day Rosh
Hodesh Adar 1
Hamisha Asar B’Shebat (fifteenth of Shebat) is Palestinian
Arbor Day.) Also called the New Year of the trees. In Palestine
school children use the day for planting thousands of trees each
year. In the Diaspora it is an occasion for stressing the significance
of the upbuilding of Palestine.
SOUTHERN WHOLESALE FURNITURE CO.
738 Bay St. Phone 5-0537
BURNETT'S FLOWERS
"for all occasions"
LANDSCAPE AND NURSERY DEPT.
1821 MAIN STREET (AT 8TH ST.) — PHONE 5-4021
STAR CREDIT JEWELRY CO.
321 MAIN ST.
PHONE 5-2153
P. L. BURKHALTER, SR.
BUILDING MATERIALS
1521 W. BEAVER ST. PHONE 4-3883
ANN'S LUGGAGE SHOP
201 W. FORSYTH STREET
LEATHFR NOVELTIES • FINE BILLFOLDS
MR. AND MRS. CHAS. BRENNER
Barnett Building
SUN OIL CO.
C. H. WRIGHT
Phone 5-3134
GREETINGS
ROY LOGAN • SHOES
213 MAIN ST.
HALLE'S
Prescription Shop
7 W. FORSYTH STREET
PHONE 5-4274
COMPLIMENTS OF
W. L. SUTTON CO.
Commerce Furniture Co.
257 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
Your Neighborhood Druggist
MAIN STREET PHARMACY
B. W. SMITH, Proprietor
TRY OUR LUNCHEONETTE — OPEN FROM 7 A. M. TO 11:30 P. M.
WE DELIVER
Fourth & Main Phones 5-2189 — 5-2190
COMPLIMENTS
W. T. GRANT
HOGAN ST. CIGAR STORE
CIGARS — SUNDRIES — NOVELTIES
m. s. McGinnis
Phone 5-1316 10 Hogan Street
BILL FLEMING'S SERVICE STATION
SINCLAIR PRODUCTS
600 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
RICH AUTO SERVICE
BRAKE SERVICE — MOTOR TUNE-UP — GENERAL REPAIRS
1569 San Marco Boulevard
JACKSONVILLE 7, FLORIDA
CARL J. RICH
TELEPHONE 9-1583
GILL AND MULHOLLAND
ALABASTINE — BARRELLED SUNLIGHT
CABOT’S SHINGLE AND STUCCO STAINS
309 W. Forsyth Street Phone 5-1199
BETHEAS RESTAURANT
GOOD FOOD SERVED RIGHT
204 PEARL STREET
COMPLIMENTS
LEED'S — Clothing
SAMUEL SPINDEL and FAMILY
19 W. BAY STREET
PHONE 3-0181
STANDARD BEARING & PARTS CO.
1541 Main Street Phone 5-4840
===== PAGE 92 =====
1948 GENERAL
FEB.-MAR.
HEBREW 5708
ADAR I
Lincoln’s Birthday
Washington’s Birth¬
day
Mar.
11
Wed.
1
12
Thurs.
2
13
Fri.
3
14
Sat.
4
15
Sun.
5
16
Mon.
6
17
Tues.
7
18
Wed.
8
19
Thurs.
9
29
Fri.
10
21
Sat.
11
22
Sun.
12
23
Mon.
13
24
Tues.
14
25
Wed.
15
26
Thurs.
16
27
Fri.
17
28
Sat.
18
29
Sun.
19
1
Mon.
20
2
Tues.
21
3
Wed.
22
4
Thurs.
23
5
Fri.
24
6
Sat.
25
7
Sun.
26
8
Mon.
27
9
Tues.
28
10
Wed.
29
11
Thurs.
30
2nd day Rosh
Hodesh
L. C.
Terumali
L. C.
Tisa
L. C.
Vayakhel
1st day Rosh
Hodesh Adar 2
PHONE 5-6069 H. WEISS, Prop.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD WITH
LIBERTY FURNITURE CO.
806-12 WEST ADAMS STREET JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
NEW AND USED FURNITURE
MAIN ST. JEWELERS
622 MAIN ST.
R. BORKSON, Prop.
A HAPPY NEW YEAR
THE PALM RESTAURANT
MAIN ST. AT MONROE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
Relaxation - TURKISH BATHS
SWEDISH MASSAGE - ULTRA-VIOLET RAY AND
INFRA RED LAMPS - COLONICS
SKILLED ATTENDANTS — NURSES
THOMASON'S
TREATMENT PARLORS
Geo. Washington Hotel
Phone 5-8790
COMPLIMENTS
VICTORY RESTAURANT
I 12 E. Forsyth St. Phone 5-9759
James Peters, Prop.
Best Wishes for the New Year
LANCE, INC.
Manufacturers of PEANUT PRODUCTS
510 Dellwood Avenue PHIL SHER, District Manager
A & A Upholstering Company
Factory Specialists
ANTIQUES - MODERN DRAPERIES - REFINISHING - SLIP COVERS
S. H. LEWIS, Owner
930 West Bay Sti Phone 4-3212
GREETINGS
JACKSONVILLE REFRIGERATION CO.
AUTHORIZED
FRIGIDAIRE SERVICE
BENDIX WASHER
SALES AND SERVICE
35 W. MONROE ST. PHONE 5-4454
For Foot Comfort
HEALTH SPOT SHOE SHOP
OMER YOUNT, Manager
221 Hogan Street
Phone 5-2022
For over 25 years
For Economical, Dependable,
Honest, Reliable Radio Service
SHORTIE
at 1054 Kings Avenue
Phone 9-1060
HAPPY NEW YEAR
MR. AND MRS. WESTON
TIMES SQUARE RESTAURANT
LOUIE'S
LANDON AND VARNE
HAPPY NEW YEAR
JACKSONVILLE FIXTURE AND SALES CO.
702 W. BAY STREET
PHONE 5-3359
RALPH PAYNE COMPANY
Oil Burners and Heating Equipment
3621 ST. JOHNS AVE. PHONE 2-291
HAPPY NEW YEAR
BRASH-FENDIG INSURANCE CO.
Buclcman Bldg. Phone 5-0300
===== PAGE 93 =====
1948 GENERAL
MAR.-APR.
HEBREW 5708
ADAR II
12
Fri.
1 2nd day Bosh
Hodesli L. C.
13
Sat.
2 Pikude
14
Sun.
3
15
Mon.
4
16
Tues.
5
17
Wed.
6
18
Thurs.
7
19
Fri.
8 L. C.
20
Sat.
9 Vayikra
21
Sun.
10
22
Mon.
11
23
Tues.
*12
(Fast of Esther) 24
Wed.
13 Taanit Ester
25
Thurs.
14 Purim
26
Fri.
15 Shushan Purim L. C.
27
Sat.
16 Zav
28
Sun.
17
29
Mon.
18
30
Tues.
19
33
Wed.
20
Apr. 1
Thurs.
21
2
Fri.
22 L. C.
3
Sat.
23 Shemini
4
Sun.
24
5
Mon.
25
6
Tues.
26
7
Wed.
27
8
Thurs.
28
9
Fri.
29 L. C.
Purim commemorates the day when, through the intervention of
Mordecai and Queen Esther, the Jews of Persia narrowly escaped
being victims of Hainan’s plot to exterminate them.
AUTOMATIC COIN MACHINES
Radios — Musical Instruments — Records
423 Main St. Phone 5-3460
SOUTHEASTERN DISTRIBUTORS
ABE FLETCHER
AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLIES, ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES
PHONE 5-6740
CASH BUILDING MATERIAL CO.
Building Materials Concrete Contractors
564 Stockton Street Telephone 7-7446
FLETCHER'S RESTAURANT
ADAMS & JULIA STREETS
"A GOOD PLACE TO DINE"
Best Wishes of the New Year
DAVID HARRIS
AND FAMILY
HICKORY BARBEQUE RESTAURANT
Jacksonville's Best for Quality and Service
Specializing in
BARBECUED CHICKEN AND RIBS
221 WEST FORSYTH STREET
JACKSONVILLE COLLEGE OF MUSIC
GEORGE ORNER — LYMAN P. PRIOR
Directors
Violin, Voice, Piano, Band, Orchestra
Public School Music
2004 Herschell St. Phone 7-7146
LIBERTY MUTUAL
Insurance Company
Boston
UNITED MUTUAL
Fire Insurance Company
Boston
LYNCH BUILDING
E. G. BARTOO
PHONE 5-3532
SPRINGFIELD ATLANTIC BANK
c. B. CAMPBELL, Vice-President
M. E. SWEET, Cashier
E. L. CROSSETT, Asst. Cashier
GREETINGS
HARDAGE & SON
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
TELEPHONE 7-8615
517 PARK STREET
WM. H. MORGAN
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT EQUIPMENT
610 West Bay Street Phone 5-2181
COMPLIMENTS OF
RIVERS BODY FACTORY, INC.
TRUCK BODY BUILDERS
2304 N. Myrtle Avenue Phone 4-1456
===== PAGE 94 =====
1948 GENERAL
APR.-MAY
HEBREW 5708
NISAN
(Passover)
Mother’s Day
10
Sat.
1 Tazria—Rosh
Hodesh
11
Sun.
2
12
Mon.
3
13
Tues.
4
14
Wed.
5
15
Thurs.
6
16
Pri.
7 L. C.
17
Sat.
8 Mezora—Shabbat
Hagadol
18
Sun.
9
19
Mon.
10
20
Tues.
11
21
Wed.
12
22
Thurs.
13
23
Pri.
14 Erev Pesah L. C.
24
Sat.
15 Pesah 1st day L. C.
25
Sun.
16 Pesah 2nd day
26
Mon.
17 Hoi Hamoed 1st day
27
Tues.
18 Hoi Hamoed 2nd
day
Days),
28
Wed.
19 Hoi Hamoed 3rd
day
29
Thurs.
20 Hoi Hamoed 4th
day L. C.
30
Pri.
21 Pesah 7th day L. C.
May
1
Sat.
22 Pesah 8th day—
Yizkor
2
Sun.
23
3
Mon.
24
4
Tues.
25
5
Wed.
26
6
Thurs.
27
7
Fri.
28 L. C.
8
Sat.
29 Ahare
9
Sun.
30 1st day Rosh
1
Hodesh Iyar
Shabbat Hagadol always precedes Passover. It derives its names
from the importance of the approaching festival and from the
further fact that the Haftorah for the day closes with an allusion
to “the Great Day of the Lord.”
Pesah (Passover) celebrates Israel’s deliverance from Egyptian
bondage. The festival lasts eight days during which matzot are
eaten in the place of leavened bread. The celebration of the Pass-
over with the beautiful ceremony of the Seder on the first and
second evenings has helped to foster in the Jewish people the hope
of living again as a nation in Palestine.
McCORD INSURANCE AGENCY
324 HILDEBRANDT BUILDING
HARRY HINDIN
SHOE REPAIRER
141 West Bay Street, Corner Hogan
Telephone 5-1589
GIUPPONI'S SPAGHETTI HOUSE
27 MAIN STREET . PHONE 5-0726
GUS & CO.
130 W. FORSYTH STREET
PHONE 5-1936
Hatters — Shoe Shining and Repairing -— One Day Service
D-W CHEMICAL LABORATORIES
Specialists in the Eradication and Control of
RODENTS — VERMIN
HOMES — WAREHOUSES — STORES
I I West Church Street Phone 5-0348
CURRAN'S CIGAR STORE
4 HOGAN STREET
MAL HAUGHTON, JR.
REALTORS
108 W. BAY STREET PHONE 5-0887
SILVER'S
5c — $ 1.00
SEASON'S GREETINGS
ELECTROLUX
CLEANER AND AIR PURIFIER
GENUINE PARTS AND SERVICE
128 EAST BAY STREET
PHONE 5-7450
Seasons Greetings to Our Jewish Friends
N. L. ABERNATHY
C . R . MOSS
PAINTING CONTRACTOR
802 Broxton Street
Phone 5-5770-W
DR. LEONARD H. GRUNTHAL
OPTOMETRIST
TELEPHONE 5-3009
6 HOGAN STREET
WARD’S DRIVE-IN
STEAKS — CHICKEN — SHRIMP — SANDWICHES
7636 MAIN STREET PHONE 5-2771
S. DAVID
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
THE SILK SHOP
YARD GOODS OF ALL KIND
1749 MAIN STREET, Corner 8th
Make Your Salads Sparkle With
SWIFT'S JEWEL OIL
F. DAVID
MURRAY'S LIQUOR STORE
14 EAST BAY STREET PHONE 5-0853
HARRY'S MEN'S SHOP
MAIN AND DUVAL STREETS
===== PAGE 95 =====
1948 GENERAL HEBREW 5708
MAY-JUNE IYAR
10
Mon.
1 2nd day Rosh
Hodesh
11
Tues.
2
12
Wed.
3
13
Thurs.
4
14
Fri.
5 L. C.
15
Sat.
6 Kedoshim
16
Sun.
7
17
Mon.
8
18
Tues.
9
19
Wed.
10
20
Thurs.
11
21
Fri.
12 L. C.
22
Sat.
13 Emor
23
Sun.
14
24
Mon.
15
25
Tues.
16
26
Wed.
17
(Field Bay) 27
Thurs.
18 Lag B’Omer
28
Fri.
19 L. C.
29
Sat.
20 Behar
Decoration Day 30
Sun.
21
31
Mon.
22
June 1
Tues.
23
2
Wed.
24
3
Thurs.
25
4
Fri.
26 L. C.
5
Sat.
27 Behukotai
6
Sun.
28
7
Mon.
29
Lag B’Omer (thirty-third day of the counting of the Omer).
These days are called Sefriah days when festive celebrations are
limited because of sad memories of oppressive treatment of the
Jews during this period of the year in the days of the Romans,
and in the Middle Ages. Lag B’Omer, according to tradition, was
the date of a victory by Bar Kokhba in his struggle against the
Romans, and these restrictions are suspended.
YES SIR BLP MOBILE PAINTS
SOLD AT
JACKSONVILLE PAINT COMPANY
DRIVE - IN - PARKING FOR OUR CUSTOMERS
WE RECOMMEND RELIABLE PAINTERS
633 W. Forsyth Street Phone 5-4931
HAPPY NEW YEAR
HARRY RUBY
AL LODINGER
ED NYER
MAX N. OBERDORFER
AGENCY
INSURANCE
349 ST. JAMES BUILDING PHONE 5-7933
BENNY'S MEN'S STORE
BENNY EHRLICH, Proprietor
117 EAST BAY STREET
PATTERSON
SCALE AND EQUIPMENT CO.
SALES ★ SERVICE
SCALES SLICERS FOOD MACHINES
403 Part Street PHONE 5-6513
NEW YEAR GREETINGS
JOSEPH H. HARTMAN
302 ROBERTS BUILDING
Phone 5-8371
WALGREEN DRUG CO.
DRUGS WITH A REPUTATION
124 Main Street
TOM'S TOASTED PEANUTS
Fred J. Morrow, Manager
7 EAST I9TH STREET PHONE 5-0051
COMPLIMENTS OF
MOHAWK WRECKING CO.
903 W. Adams Street
GOVERNMENT SURPLUS BUILDINGS
Appropriate Gifts of Florida at - -
F. W. TRUEX
They are Packed Distinctly Different
BEST INDIAN RIVER FRUITS
A Variety of Tropical Jellies, Glazed Pecan Nuts and Candies
229 W. Adams Street Phone 5-7453
===== PAGE 96 =====
1948 GENERAL HEBREW 5708
JUNE-JULY SIVAN
8
Tues.
1 Rosh Hodesh
9
Wed.
2
10
Thurs.
3
11
Fri.
4 L. C.
12
Sat.
5 Bamidbar—Erev
Shabout L. C.
(Feast of Weeks) 13
Sun.
6 Shabvot 1st day
L. C.
14
Mon.
7 Shabvot 2nd day—
Yizkor
15
Tues.
8
16
Wed.
9
17
Thurs.
10
18
Fri.
11 L. C.
19
Sat.
12 Naso
Father’s Day 20
Sun.
13
21
Mon.
14
22
Tues.
15
23
Wed.
16
24
Thurs.
17
25
Fri.
18 L. C.
26
Sat.
19 Behaalotekha
27
Sun.
20
28
Mon.
21
29
Tues.
22
30
Wed.
23
July 1
Thurs.
24
2
Fri.
25 L. C.
3
Sat.
26 Shelah
Independence Day 4
Sun.
27
5
Mon.
28
6
Tues.
29
7
Wed.
30 1st day Rosh
Hodesh Tamuz
Shabvot (the Feast of Weeks) is so called because it completes
exactly seven weeks from the second day of Passover on which
the Omer (a measure) of the new barley was brought to the Temple.
The holiday celebrates the early wheat harvest in Palestine. It
also commemorates the covenant which was established at Sinai
between God and Israel.
THE S. B. HUBBARD COMPANY
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLESALE
36-38 WEST BAY STREET
★
Hardware
★
Industrial
Supplies
★
Building Hardware
★
Paint
★
Electric Appliances
★
Plumbing
Supplies
COMPLIMENTS OF
KOWKABANY'S LIQUOR STORES
C. K. LIQUOR STORE—Myrtle Avenue and Beaver Street
MURRAY HILL PACKAGE HOUSE—Edgewood Ave. and Plymouth
POPULAR POINT PACKAGE HOUSE—4112 Herschel Street
THIRD AND WALNUT PACKAGE HOUSE—Third and Walnut
OCEAN LIQUOR STORE—Jax Beach
ALBERT BORKSON
RAY'S JEWELRY SHOP
DIAMONDS — WATCHES
We Specialize in Watch and Jewelry Repairing
803 MAIN STREET
FLOWERS
9-4473
FLOWERFONES „ ZV*
9-5456
BEST WISHES
All State Pipe Supply Co.
"The Fletchers"
PLUMBING SUPPLIES MILL SUPPLIES
HEATING SUPPLIES
APPLIANCES HARDWARE
616 North Myrtle Avenue Telephone 5-3885
===== PAGE 97 =====
1948 GENERAL
JULY-AUG.
HEBREW 5708
TAMUZ
(Fast of the 17th
of Tamuz)
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Aug. 1
2
3
4
5
Thurs.
Fri.
Sat.
Sun.
Mon.
Tues.
Wed.
Thurs.
Fri.
Sat.
Sun.
Mon.
Tues.
Wed.
Thurs.
Fri.
Sat.
Sun.
Mon.
Tues.
Wed.
Thurs.
Fri.
Sat.
Sun.
Mon.
Tues.
Wed.
Thurs.
1 2nd day Rosh
Hodesh
2 L. C.
3 Korah
4
5
6
7
8
9 L. C.
10 Hukat
11
12
13
14
15
16 L. C.
17 Balak
18 Shiva Asar
B’Tamuz*
19
20
21
22
23 L. C.
24 Pinhas
25
26
27
28
29
Shiva Asar B’Tamuz (seventeenth of Tamuz) is a fast day which
commemorates the day when the Babylonian army made the first
breach in the wall of Jerusalem during the seige in the year
586 B.C.E. (*When the fast occurs on Saturday it is observed on
Sunday).
COMPLIMENTS OF
MR. AND MRS. HARRY LEFF
AND FAMILY
DRINK
SCH LITZ
THE BEER THAT MADE MILWAUKEE FAMOUS
NEAL TYLER AND SONS
324 West Bay Street
Phone 5-7220
AMERICAN BAKERIES CO.
Bakers of
ENRICHED MERITA BREAD
AND CAKES
"BAKED IN FRESHNESS"
HAPPY NEW NEAR
JOSEPH H. WALSH CO.
U S ROYAL TIRES TEXACO PRODUCTS
Riverside Station
PARK & ROSSELLE STS.
Phone 7-8627
Downtown Station
PEARL & MONROE STS.
Phone 5-6200
GREETINGS
WALTER DENSON AND SON
HEATING - PLUMBING - SPRINKLER
902 N. Myrtle Avenue Phone 5-3931
TUCKER BROS., INC.
REAL ESTATE - PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
MORTGAGES
331 W. Forsyth Street Phone 5-5700
===== PAGE 98 =====
1948 GENERAL
AUG.-SEPT.
HEBREW 5708
AB
6
Fri.
1 Rosh Hodesh L. C.
7
Sat.
2 Matot-Masee
8
Sun.
3
9
Mon.
4
10
Tues.
5
11
Wed.
6
12
Thurs.
7
13
Fri.
8 L. C.
14
Sat.
9 Debarim-Shabbat
Hazon
(Fast of the 9th
of Ab) 15
Sun.
10 Tisha B’Ab*
16
Mon.
11
17
Tues.
12
18
Wed.
13
19
Thurs.
14
20
Fri.
15 L. C.
21
Sat.
16 Vaethanan—
Shabbat Nahamu
22
Sun.
17
23
Mon.
18
24
Tues.
19
25
Wed.
20
26
Thurs.
21
27
Fri.
22 L. C.
28
Sat.
23 Ekeb
29
Sun.
24
30
Mon.
25
31
Tues.
26
Sept. 1
Wed.
27
2
Thurs.
28
3
Fri.
29 L. C.
4
Sat.
30 Ree-lst day Rosh
Hodesh Elul
Shabbat Hazon derives its name from the Haftorah of that day,
day, Isaiah, I, 1-27, which begins with the word Hazon—“Vision”.
Tisha B’Ab (ninth day of Ab) is a fast day which marks the
destruction of the first Temple in Jerusalem by the Babylonians
(586 B.G.E.) and also of the second Temple by the Romans
(70 B.C.E.) (*When the fast occurs on a Saturday, it is observed
on Sunday).
Shabbat Nahamu derives its name from the Haftorah of that
day, Isaiah XI, 1-26, which begins with the word Nahamu
“Comfort ye” read on the Sabbath after Tisha B’Ab.
WILSON AUTO PARTS
& EQUIPMENT, INC.
1458-60-62 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD
A. P. WILSON, Pres. & Mgr. L. J. KIELLEY, V-Pres. & Sales Mgr.
TELEPHONES: 9-4423, 9-4424
MILLS PRINTING CO.
*
425 North Myrtle Avenue Phone 4-2983
BUL l/Ur-H
McNAMEE &-JACOBSEN
5 0707
K rljjr 6 SOUTH
D7 dMim NEWNAN
Over 30 years Reliable Service
THE REAMY CO., INC.
223 W. FORSYTH STREET
"PHILCO"
Refrigeration - Air Conditioning
Freezers and Radios
SINCE 1901 PHONE 3-0600
ORKIN EXTERMINATING CO.
PEST CONTROL SERVICE
FIVE YEAR BONDED TERMITE CONTROL
WALTER A. HELMS, Manager 140 E. Forsyth Street
JONES OFFICE EQUIPMENT COMPANY
SALES — SERVICE
ADDINS — BOOKKEEPING — CALCULATING MACHINES
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES
Phone 5-5994 121 W. Ashley Street
ASSOCIATED FLOOR COVERING CO.
COMPLETE FLOOR COVERING CONTRACTORS
911 MAIN ST.
Formerly at 6th & Main
Phone 5-2484
HAPPY NEW YEAR
INDEPENDENT DRUG CO.
205 W. Bay Street
Phone 5-0183
EARL WINE CO.
20 S. DAVIS STREET
CROIX ROYALE WINE FROM
THE SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY CALIFORNIA
THE BEST OF THE "BESTEST"
MARION H. DAVIS & CO.
REFINISHING FURNITURE AND FLOOR COVERING
1213 Mary Street Phone 9-6636
HOLIDAY GREETINGS
TUCKER BROS., INC.
REAL ESTATE - PROPERTY MANAGEMENT - MORTGAGES
331 W. Forsyth Street Phone 5-5700
===== PAGE 99 =====
MERLIN'S DELICATESSEN & RESTAURANT
1948 GENERAL HEBREW 5708
SEPT.-OCT. ELUL
5
Sun.
1 2nd day Rosh
Hodesh
Labor Lay 6
Mon.
2
7
Tues.
3
8
Wed.
4
9
Thurs.
5
10
Fri.
6 L. C.
11
Sat.
7 Shofetim
12
Sun.
8
13
Mon.
9
14
Tues.
10
15
Wed.
11
16
Thurs.
12
17
Fri.
13 L. C.
18
Sat.
14 Teze
19
Sun.
15
20
Mon.
16
21
Tues.
17
22
Wed.
18
23
Thurs.
19
24
Fri.
20
25
Sat.
21 Tabo
26
Sun.
22 1st day Selihot
27
Mon.
23
28
Tues.
24
29
Wed.
25
30
Thurs.
26
Oct. 1
Fri.
27 L. C.
2
Sat.
28 Nizabim
3
Sun.
29 Erev Rosh
Hashonah L. C.
KOSHER PRODUCTS — HOT FOOD
412 Main Street Phone 3-0620
GREETINGS FROM
FRUEHAUF TRAILER CO.
1190 KINGS ROAD
BEST WISHES
N. H. FAULKNER CO.
S. B. HILL J. E. JONES
Master Plumber Business Manager
Plumbing and Heating
2509 EDISON AVENUE PHONE 7-7267
ONE OF AMERICA'S LEADING VACUUM CHAINS
Sales - Service - Parts
ACME VACUUM STORES, INC.
VACUUM CLEANERS EXCLUSIVELY
Phone 5-6558
LEO KERN
412 W. FORSYTH STREET
HAPPY NEW YEAR
FOREST PHARMACY
LEO WEINSTEIN
Phone 5-3612
1011 Forest Street
WINDOW CLEANERS
Venetian Blinds Serviced
FLOOR WAXING
p. d. McDonald
Telephone 9-6483
P. O. Box 5162
WOLF'S
LITTLE FOLK'S SHOP
227 HOGAN STREET PHONE 5-9331
HAPPY NEW YEAR
L. W. HARWARD
ADRIAN HOTEL
118 CLAY STREET
Reasonable Rates
KOSHER DINING ROOM
Phone 5-2800
FRfincES mfiRion
LADIES SMART TOGGERY
ADAMS AT LAURA STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
COMPLIMENTS OF
THE SPORT SHOP, INC.
Ellis T. Fernandez Phone 5-8474
440 W. FORSYTH STREET
===== PAGE 100 =====
BROOKS MARINE SUPPLY
Chrysler Marine Engines
Power To Fit the Hull 81 to 143 Horsepower
COMPLETE LINE OF
MARINE HARDWARE, PAINTS AND BOAT SUPPLIES
★
VISIT OUR SHOW ROOM
★
ROBERT A. MELTON, Manager
804 Laura Street Phones 5-0422 — 5-0302
GREETINGS
☆
EAGLE LAUNDRY
Cohen Brothers
JACKSONVILLE 1, FLORIDA
===== PAGE 101 =====
GREETINGS
To Our Jewish Friends
FROM
W JHP
Jacksonville's Showmanship Station
1320 on your Dial
NOW
5,000 Watts
AND
W J H P-F M
97.6 Megacycles
F. M. Means Finer Radio
SINCERE WISHES FOR A HAPPY NEW YEAR
JACKSONVILLE KENNEL CLUB
AND
ORANGE PARK KENNEL CLUB
"The Finest in Greyhound Racing"
===== PAGE 102 =====
Over 90 Years of Continuous Service to Florida and the Southeast
THE
LITHOGRAPHERS — PRINTERS — STEEL AND COPPERPLATE ENGRAVERS
Telephone 5-1500
22-30 W. Bay Street
JACKSONVILLE 1, FLORIDA
OFFICE SUPPLIES AND EQUIPMENT
PHOTOSTAT PRINTS
BLUE PRINTING
ENGINEER'S AND ARCHITECT'S SUPPLIES
ARTIST AND SIGN MATERIAL
RUBBER STAMPS, STENCILS AND SEALS
SCHOOL SEATING, BLACKBOARD, CHALK, ERASERS
SANITARY SUPPLIES
We Have It — Will Make It or Tell You Where to Purchase It
===== PAGE 103 =====
THE CENTER DIRECTORY
THE STAFF
MEMBERS
A
C
D
===== PAGE 104 =====
COMPLIMENTS OF
NATIONAL CONTAINER CORPORATION
and its President
SAMUEL KIPNIS
WITH BEST WISHES
FROM
GREYHOUND BUS LINES
★
STATEWIDE AND NATIONWIDE
BUS SERVICE
★
UNION BUS STATION
PHONE 5-7272
Bay and Hogan Streets Jacksonville, Florida
===== PAGE 105 =====

===== PAGE 106 =====
Best Wishes
DAYLIGHT
GROCERY CO.
Compliments Of
ST. JOE PAPER CO.
===== PAGE 107 =====

===== PAGE 108 =====
FRIENDLY
BANKING
SERVICE
It's pleasant to do business with friendly people in friendly
surroundings.
Friendliness is the keynote of Florida National Bank Service . . .
friendliness that has warmth and substance through extraordinary help¬
fulness to our customers.
Why not become one of the great and growing family of those
who call the Florida National "my bank"?
Combined Resources of the Florida National Group were
$308,455,782 as of the Comptroller's call, March 20, 1945.
FLORIDA NATIONAL
GROUP of BANKS
===== PAGE 109 =====
N
THE CENTER DIRECTORY
s
p
R
===== PAGE 110 =====
WE KNOW WHEN YOU ASK FOR
DIXIE LILY
MEAL... GRITS... SYRUP
that you expect QUALITY . . . and Madam
you get it in every package.
Dixie Lily is manufactured from choice
grain, ground slow on large rocks to retain
the sweetness from the heart of the corn.
Try one of our famous syrups —
DIXIE CANE
WEBB'S SPECIAL CANE & MAPLE
WEBB'S BEST PURE CANE
DIXIE LILY MILLING CO. OF FLA. WEBB’S SYSOP CO.
===== PAGE 111 =====

===== PAGE 112 =====
COMPLIMENTS OF
JACKSONVILLE
WHOLESALE
LIQUOR ASSOCIATION
===== PAGE 113 =====
Season's Greetings
Montevallo Coal Pennsylvania Anthracite
All Sizes Coke
Building Materials
McCALL COAL COMPANY
2861 COLLEGE STREET
We Sell Fuel Oil For All Kinds of Burners
Sales and Service
William’s Oil-O-Matic Oil Burners and Circulating Heaters
PHONE 7-8691
Holiday Greetings
FLORIDA PIPE & SUPPLY CO.
— INC. —
1430 East Adams Street Phone 5-0456
O. J. OOSTERHOUDT
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT
322-323 Barnett National Bank Bldg.
Telephones 3-2068 — 3-01 CO
Greetings and Best Wishes
EDENFIELD JEWELRY COMPANY
Telephone 5-0372
30 WEST FORSYTH STREET
===== PAGE 114 =====
LENAK STUDIOS
Portraits of Distinction
Corner Forsyth and Hogan Sts.
PHONE 5-4766
*
COMPLIMENTS OF
TONY'S
Head to Foot
SHOP
34 W. Forsyth Street
Holiday Greetings
from
FLORIDA BROADCASTING CO.
Operators of
WMBR
AFFILIATED WITH THE
COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM
GOOD WISHES FOR THE NEW YEAR
FRANCIS H. LEGGETT & CO.
PREMIER FOOD PRODUCTS
2689 ROSELLE STREET 320 SEARS AVENUE
Jacksonville, Florida Daytona Beach, Florida
===== PAGE 115 =====
THE HORTON COMPANY
1020 Hogan St. Phone 5-1816
★ BRAKE SERVICE
★ WHEEL ALIGNING
★ FRONT END REBUILDING
★ SHOCK ABSORBERS
All Cars — All Models
"GIVE YOUR CAR BETTER BRAKES"
Compliments of
FIDELITY FEDERAL SAVINGS
& LOAN ASSOCIATION
OF JACKSONVILLE
16 Laura Street
Phone 5-6025
Phone 2-1161
SEAGRAVES
COMPLETE SERVICE STATION
EXIDE BATTERIES
TIRES — ACCESSORIES
3601 St. Johns Avenue
WOODROW PHARMACY
3610 St. Johns Ave. Phone 2-117
The Rexail Store
— Home Made Ice Cream —
COMPLIMENTS OF
BALLARD'S OBELISK FLOUR
SAVE THE COUPONS
PLEASES PARTICULAR PEOPLE
591 Stockton St. Phone 7-7413
BE SURE IT’S
KOEGEL PLUMBING CO.
PLUMBING AND HEATING
1466 San Marco Blvd. Phone 9-2646
E E L B E C K
MEAL, GRITS and SYRUP
We are Still Delivering the Same Quality
Merchandise as of Yore
EELBECK is often IMITATED
but never DUPLICATED
PHONE 5-4188
MOVING & STORAGE
RUG CLEANING
COLD STORAGE FOR FURS
DELCHER'S
262 RIVERSIDE AVE.
Compliments of
PAUL R. SMOAK
and
JEWELL A. DAVIS
===== PAGE 116 =====

===== PAGE 117 =====

===== PAGE 118 =====

===== PAGE 119 =====
The Beaches Smartest Cocktail Lounge
MERMAID TAVERN, INC.
MUSIC — ENTERTAINMENT — AIR CONDITIONED
1st at 3rd Ave. Jacksonville Beach
COMPLIMENTS
"21 CLUB"
3rd Ave. and Boardwalk Jacksonville Beach
DREW. JACKSONVILLE
===== PAGE 120 =====

