The Task of Religion
By MORRIS D. MARGOLIS
Rabbi, Jacksonville Jewish Center
Rabbi M. D. Margolis
As these words are being written (in the middle of
June), the armies of the United Nations are in the open-
ing phase of the liberation of Europe. The fate of the
world is hanging in the balance. Mothers and fathers,
wives and sweethearts, are anxiously praying for the wel-
fare of loved ones who are in the thick of battle. I hope
and pray that by the time we are ready to celebrate Rosh-
Hashonah, the anxieties and fears which now grip our
hearts will have been lifted.
Much has been heard about the kind of world that
we should like to see at the end of the war. All that has
been said and written is but a reflection of the dreams
of Judaism concerning a world condition in which men
will convert instruments of destruction into tools for
building a peaceful human society. When the conflict is
over we must not permit men to forget their humility
before God and go back to the arrogance and mean am-
bitions which so often accompany the acquisition of
power.
This, to my mind, is the task of religion. We can
best serve this high purpose through our own synagogue
and our educational institutions. The sense of humility
before God must dominate also our personal and com-
munal relationships. When differences of opinion arise,
we must not let them deteriorate into a mean, petty strug-
gle for domination of one faction over another, but at
all times, be mindful of the principle of fair play enunci-
ated by Hillel: "Do not do unto others as you would
not have others do unto you.”
Our sages said: "Great is peace, for it is a vessel
that contains all blessings.” 1 pray that when you re-
ceive this message into your homes peace will be near,
that our souls will rejoice in the prospect of happy days
to come. May your loved ones, well in body and spirit,
be restored to your homes. May the New Year bring
מ healing to the wounds of our people.—Amen.
Page Thirty-Seven
Forward Steps
By HARRY GENDZ1ER
President, Jacksonville Jewish Center
Harry Gendzier
It is my pleasure to report to the Center membership
that despite manpower shortage and hardships caused
by the war, our institution has been able to carry on all
of its functions with a fine record of achievement.
The educational facilities, so dear to most of us, are
being improved steadily and during the school year He-
brew education and the Sunday school have been avail-
able to an increased number of children . . . Religious
services have been held regularly . . . One of the high-
lights of the year was the Passover Seder, at which
hundreds of servicemen were the guests of the Center . . .
Looking forward to a rapid expansion of the Jewish
population of the City, the Center Board of Directors
is now working on a plan for increasing the cemetery
plot . . . The auditorium of our building has been in con-
stant use throughout the year by Jewish organizations
and by the Red Cross unit ... A fine spirit of coopera-
tion with the Jewish Temple has been developed, which
all of us hope will continue to flourish so that we will
benefit mutually.
Probably the greatest step forward taken by the Cen-
ter was the decision of the Board of Directors to initiate
a "Y” program, whose facilities will not be confined to
the Center members alone, but will extend to all who
wish to take advantage of them. This far-reaching move
should result in a real Center, whose activities will do
much to enhance both the usefulness and the prestige
of the institution. An able, experienced executive di-
rector has been engaged for the year 1944-1945.
During my first term of office as president of the Cen-
ter it has been a pleasure to work with so many fine
people toward a common cause for the good of Israel.
May real peace come soon with Victory and God grant
each of us happy and abundant years!
