Temple Ahavath Chesed
Review of the Year
By Rabbi I. L. Kaplan
koff, Miss Carol Coleman, Mr. Sam Bucholtz and Rabbi
Kaplan. Lt. Calig of the Army Air Base taught the Con-
firmation class the last month. Miss Ida Goodfarb served
as secretary.
The Rabbi in the Community
During the course of the past year the spiritual leader
of the Temple was called upon to render service in many
capacities, not only in the discharge of his congregational
duties but also to speak before various civic and religious
groups. He has been asked to serve on a number of com-
mittees of an educational and cultural purpose. Whether
it be in behalf of Jewish, Russian or Chinese relief, he
gave himself in carrying forward these most deserving
enterprises.
A partial list of his engagements include addresses de-
livered before several church bodies of the Methodist,
Congregational and Christian faiths, giving book reviews
and stressing the note of goodwill and human relations.
He has spoken to a few Christian youth groups on Broth-
erhood. He has accepted the invitation to deliver the in-
vocation before a number of state and local conferences
and assemblies.
The National Conference of Christian and Jews in-
vited him to be one of a trio of speakers — Catholic, Pro-
testant and Jewish — addressing a large body of soldiers
at the University of Florida. The local Roitnd Table re-
quested that he speak to the senior and junior high
schools on the same platform with a Catholic priest and a
Protestant clerygman. The major broadcasting stations
have called upon him on several occasions to participate
in a panel discussion on some educational and civic mat-
ters. Every other Saturday he is heard on the Chapel of
the Air program over station WPDQ. He has also spok-
en before several Negro groups and churches. In the
absence of any religious leader, the neighboring com-
munity of Brunswick, Georgia recently invited him to
deliver a sermon. In planning for D-Day station WJHP
invited him, together with a Catholic priest and Protest-
ant minister, to record a prayer which was broadcast on
the day of invasion.
For twenty-five years the Rabbi has joined with other
religious bodies in holding an inter-denominational
Thanksgiving Day service. The Inter-faith Council of
the USO honored him on several occasions by having
him serve as Vice President.
The following are the names of persons who have
become members of the Temple since September 1, 1943:
Charles I. Brenner, Raymond R. Brice, Mrs. Ruth Hersh
Fountain, David Gershon, Milton Goldman, M. M.
Haimowitz, Henry Hildebrandt, Milton L. Hollins, Sol
W. Katz, Claude Levin, Max Lipsey, Oze S. Marcus,
Mrs. Jennie Nathan, Mrs. Rebecca Pearlstein, M. J.
Reiser, Mrs. Montague Rosenberg, Theodore T. Sandler,
E. M. Schloss, H. D. Siegel, B. Simon, Mrs. J. Simon,
Ira Stein, B. B. Yoffee.
The Religious School
In the eyes of some people, well meaning, perhaps,
the weakness of our congregational life lies in our reli-
gious school. They feel it is the link that definitely
needs strengthening, for without an educated and well
informed Jewish youth, the spiritual foundation of Juda-
ism is imperiled. These same people maintain that our
boys and girls are indifferent to their religious heritage,
for which the school is in great measure responsible.
Moreover, they cannot understand why we have so few
children enrolled.
I suppose it would please their egos if they could
boast of a large school. But numbers are not always
rhe criterion of a good school. If the few who are en-
rolled are thereby able to receive greater personal at-
tention in the classroom and the teacher can meet the
child on more intimate terms, thus doing more toward
character building, we ought to be delighted that we are
privileged to render this type of service. There may be
a possibility of a larger registration but this only can be
achieved if those members of the Temple who know of
any child who does not go to religious school, make it
their business to interest the child and the parents. Our
school is open to everyone - - to members and non-
members alike.
When measured in terms of efficiency and interest,
our school is doing a satisfactory job. Our curriculum
follows the course of studies recommended by the De-
partment of Synagogue and School Extension of the
Union of American Hebrew Congregations, whose text-
books are being used. Our boys and girls over a per-
iod of years do become familiar with the major aspects of
Jewish history, both Biblical and post-Biblical. They
are made aware of the significant ethical contributions
the Jew has made in the past and of the part he is to
play in the world today. All festivals are stressed and
the need to observe them in our homes is emphasized.
Ceremony and custom have a definite place during the
course of instruction. By the time they are ready to be
confirmed they should have an adequate knowledge of
their religion and their people. The Confirmation exer-
cises attest most eloquently to this fact.
Our teachers, untrained, but willing and earnest, give
of their talents and gifts with singular devotion. If our
parents would only exercise the same devotion and mani-
fest the same zeal in supplementing the classroom studies
our children would reveal astonishing results. But if
the elders are indifferent and slothful and permit their
children to absent themselves from school for no import-
ant reason, the blame for any apathy or lukewarmness on
the part of the child should be placed just where it be-
longs.
The staff of teachers during the past year included the
following: Mrs. Sam Bucholtz, Miss Arlene Spindell,
Mrs. Israel Kaplan, Mrs. Ben David, Mrs. Abe Chard-
Page Twenty-Seven
