A Community Enterprise
William I. Boxerman
Editor
It should be noted that although the advertising reve-
nue is being shared by two institutions, the Temple and
the Center, because of the intervention of the Council
the book this year represents not simply a joinder of two
separate books, but assumes the character of a commun-
ity enterprise—the first Jacksonville Jewish Community
Yearbook. The evil of a twofold solicitation has been
eliminated.
A striking innovation in this Yearbook is the elimina-
tion of the individual membership listings of each
organization and their compilation into one master list,
coded for organizational affiliation. Although this has
meant the expenditure of infinitely more time than
under the old arrangement, the Editor feels that the ef-
fort was well spent. A glance at the master list now
makes it possible to see quickly the extent to which vari-
ous people have affiliated themselves in communal en-
deavors. It also reveals considerable overlapping in
membership, which is inevitable in a community the size
of Jacksonville.
The Editor assumes no responsibility for either the
spellings of names or the accuracy of the organizational
summaries. An effort has been made to correct names
in which the misspelling was obvious to the Editor. How-
ever, it is entirely possible that unfamiliar names remain
misspelled in the master list. If so, it is due to the fact
that the membership list which the particular organiza-
tion submitted was not correct. Except for instances in
which material has been abbreviated in the interest of
conserving space, the summary of each organization’s
work stands as submitted by the proper officer of that
group.
The Editor acknowledges his appreciation of the work
done by other members of the Yearbook staff who made
possible its publication. On behalf of the participating
organizations, he also calls the attention of the readers
to the advertisers listed elsewhere, without whose coop-
eration the Yearbook could not have been a financial
mccess.—W. I. B.
Hyman Selber
Chairman
In every age each organized Jewish community has
preserved in some form or another the happenings, large
and small, which, taken together, give a composite pic-
ture of how its people lived. These archives, fragmen-
tary though they may be in many instances, provide rich
source material for the historian.
Jacksonville has had no central source such as the old
Kehillah through which to assemble data on its develop-
ment. This may well become one of the functions of
the Jewish Community Council, whose new publication,
the Commentator, over a period of years will reflect the
life of the community. Until now the two religious insti-
tutions, the Temple and the Center, each has kept a par-
tial record of local activities through the medium of its
annual yearbook.
These two separate books have served a useful pur-
pose. At the same time, there has been duplication of
time, effort and materials. Neither the Temple nor the
Center confined itself to the story of its own function-
ing but included writeups on other organizations in
Jacksonville, so that in many instances the identical ac-
count appeared twice. The issuance of two separate
books also has meant that the same business concerns
were approached two times for advertisements. From
the point of view of sound public relations this had un-
desirable aspects.
Under the stress of wartime conditions, the inadvisa-
bility of continuing the arrangement of two separate
books became more apparent this year. It has been dif-
ficult to secure the proper quality of paper stock, print-
ing costs have mounted greatly and manpower shortages
have made it a hardship to get printing done on time.
When, therefore, the Jacksonville Jewish Community
Council, out of its interest in communal coordination,
used its good offices to effect a merger of the books,
both the Center and the Temple accepted the offer of
the Council to lend the services of its executive director
for the necessary editorial work. A joint committee was
formed to iron out minor details.
Page Five
