Depths of Misunderstanding
By ISRAEL L. KAPLAN,
Rabbi, Temple Ahavalh Chesed
Rabbi I. L. Kaplan
It is difficult to follow the depths of misunderstand-
ing that prevails among so many people whose knowl-
edge of the Jew is superficial and erroneous. Where
these men and women receive their information is dif-
ficult to trace. All we know is that they form certain
judgments which soon become stereotyped and part of
the mental furniture housed in petty minds. We all are
familiar with the stupid remark—"rich as a Jew.” You
and I know how absurd and fantastic this is. Yet how
widespread that belief is was brought home to me re-
cently when my telephone rang and a woman started a
conversation something like this:
"Is this the Jewish Temple and are you the Rabbi?
I am interested in buying a house and I would like to
borrow some money on a first mortgage. Do you think
you can secure the money for me?” I politely informed
the party that this was a House of Worship, not a mort-
gage brokerage institution. ”Why,” she said, "I know
that the Jews have plenty of money, so I thought I would
ask you as the head of the Jews here to help me get it.”
I tried to disillusion her about the so-called "riches”
of the Jew, about international Jewish bankers, and the
concentration of wealth in the hands of Jewish million-
aires. I hope I succeeded; yet I am not at all sure. The
belief that all Jews are rich has become part of the men-
tal make-up of so many people that it will require a new
technique to rid them of this notioti.
Page Twenty-One
A Grave Responsibility
By JOSEPH M. GLICKSTEIN
President, Temple Ahavath Chesed
Joseph M. Glickstein
Now that the liberation of Fortress Europa has been ac-
tivated by accomplished invasion, we know that final
victory is in process of being attained, depending upon
unity on our fighting and home fronts. The necessity
for such unity and coordination, among ourselves and
with our Allies, and the resultant strength in action there-
from, is not only obvious but statements emphasizing
such need are accepted as truisms without debate.
Is it not possible that members of our own faith are
overlooking an opportunity to learn by this world-wide
example? Is it not but stating simple truths to say that
intra-faith prejudices and evidences of intolerance must
be eliminated; that those fierce and furious religious an-
tagonists who feed the flame of controversy in Israel
must be tolerantly ignored; that our ancient faith should
not be used as a sounding board for a debating society
consisting of self-appointed leaders who do not lead;
and, that in our religious life, the line of demarcation
which properly separates purely religious matters as dis-
tinguished from purely political questions should always
be recognized?
We are all confronted with the grave responsibility
and solemn duty to see to it that in our own community
such unity shall exist and shall continue to exist and to
lend our efforts and influence in achieving the same
objective elsewhere.
Our people must present a united front or suffer the
consequences. A prime result of such unity, despite oc-
casional irritations in social life and in business and pro-
fessional spheres, and despite attacks from the lunatic
fringe, is bound to be real Victory.
׳Ü?
