Jacksonville Jewish Community Council
Executive Committee
icers
Ofh
Mrs. Marx Baker
Jack Becker
★
Honorary President
David H. Lasarow
1. H. Edwards
Robert Gordon
Mrs. Joseph Hackel
I. M. Lieberman
Harry Reinstine
Alex Robin
Philip Selber
Ben Setzer
Leon Shapiro
Nat Shorstein
Leon Springer
Mrs. Ben Slein
David Harris
President
David Harris
Vice President
Philip N. Coleman
0
Vice President
Harry Gendzier
•
Vice President
Abe Newman
•
Vice President
Ike Witten
•
Treasurer
Joseph Glickstein
Executive Director
William I. Boxerman
taken with skepticism by some and with a feeling that
it would entail a financial deficit. The response of the
public was so great, however, that over 650 season tick-
ets were sold and the series more than paid for itself.
As a result, an enlarged program of this' type is being
planned for the 194445־ season.
The Council renders many services of an intangible
character which cannot be described here; but there is
one concrete area in which the Council will function to
an even greater degree during the coming year—that of
public relations. Recently the executive committee ap-
proved a plan to enlarge the staff of the Council and
create a department of Community Relations. Headed
by a trained director, this Department will devote its time
and energy to the task of promoting inter-faith relations
and developing activities in the general community that
tend to strengthen the American way of life. In addi-
tion, it will deal with important internal problems. This
represents a far-reaching step in the Council’s develop-
ment as the responsible voice of the Jewish Community.
The Council has been extremely fortunate in the type
of leadership which it has attracted. When earlier this
year, David H. Lasarow, who had rendered four years of
yeoman’s service to the organization, asked to be given a
sabbatical leave from primary responsibility for direction
of the Council, the choice of the community at the an-
nual meeting of the Council fell unanimously upon Da-
vid Harris. Under his promising leadership the Council
looks forward to a period of ever-increasing usefulness in
the life of the community.—WIB.
During 1944 the Jacksonville Jewish Community
Council continued the process of growth which first was
intensified in January 1943 with the establishment of a
full-time office.Judged in terms of the number of work-
ers involved, number of contributors and total amount
raised, the 1944 campaign set an all-time mark, raising
41% more than the previous year. The size of the aver-
age contribution was about $159, quite a far cry from
the per capita gift in the first united drive in 1936, which
was approximately $19•
Perhaps even more important in some respects than
the financial success enjoyed by the Council is the in-
creasing prestige and influence which it is assuming in
the life of the community. More and more people are
looking to this organization as the planning body on
those problems which go beyond the purview of individ-
ual groups and affect the communal weal as a whole.
For over a yea! now the Council has been publishing
the Commentator, a bi-weekly which reaches the head
of every Jewish family. This newspaper has become a
permanent service in the community, not only as a means
of telling the Council’s own story, but as a medium for
such timely news on the Jewish scene as will stimulate
a greater interest in Jewish problems.
Noteworthy, too, has been the phenomenal success of
the first community-wide cultural series in the history of
Jacksonville. Beginning in November 1943 and once
a month for a period of 5 months, the Council presented
a cultural number. Although the need for this facility
had been evident for a long time, the project was under¬
Page Fifteen
