Entertainment, Nat Shorstein, chairman, Robert M. Ried-
ers, Ben Setzer and Hyman Selber.
New Members
New members who have joined the Jewish Center dur-
ing the past year include:
Samuel Aberle, David Balter, Joe Barchan, Max
Bloom, Harry Bolasky, Louis Bono, Raymond R. Brice,
Maurice Cherry, Mayer Cohen, David M. Davis, Haskell
Davidson, I. H. Edwards, Sam Fagan, I. Fendrick, Sam
Fishier, Harry Fraden, Louis Fraden.
Samuel Galinsky, Sam Goldblatt, A. Goodfarb, Henry
Halpern, Joseph Flartman, Leon Holbert, Irving Horvitz,
Joseph Jacobs, Harry Jaffe, Jack Kanel, Harry Katz,
Mose Lafkowitz, M. Lesnick, Martin Lind, Mrs. Lee
Metzger, Irving Resnick, Nathan Robin, Herbert Roman-
off.
B. Rotstein, Harry Safer, Perry Safer, Al Sager, Israel
Samuelson, Louis Schevitz, Irving Schlein, Abe Shapiro,
Abe Shemer, Max Shumes, H. J. Silberstein, Irving Sil-
verstein, Sam Smullian, Erwin Sutton, Max Weiss,
Joseph Witten, L. Witten, Frank Zloten.
New Executive Director
By DR. HARRY O. H. LEVINE
Dr. Harry O. H. Levine, newly arrived director of the Cen-
ter, came here from Bangor, Maine, where he served as di-
rector of the Community Center, Executive Secretary of the
Welfare Federation and head of the Talmud Torah. Dr. Le-
vine will be in charge of the Center and “Y” programs. His
duties will include supervision of the youth program, ad-
ministration of staff and finance and inauguration of a com-
píete adult Center program. As an integral part of the
youth work he will direct the daily Hebrew School, Sun-
day School and the Nursery and Kindergarten departments.
Commenting on the significance of the appointment of the
director, Mr. Gendzier, president of the Center said, “This
marks another step forward in the Center program. Our aim
will be the development of an organization that will em-
brace the community in its scope. We aim to offer a positive
Jewish training for today’s youth and inaugurate a program
that will be meaningful to all ages.”
Dr. Levine received his B. S. in Sociology and Education at
the Massachusetts State College and his Ph D. at Dropsie
College. In the latter institution he majored in Semitics.
His thesis on “Halacha in Josephus” is the first comprehen-
sive study of all phase of Halacha of that period. Dr. Levine
also did graduate work at the Silver Bay New York School
of Social Work and attended various other institutions deal-
ing with specific phases of group work. At Jerusalem he
matriculated at the Hebrew University. Soon thereafter,
the 1936 riots broke out and Mr. Levine joined the British
forces and was placed in charge of the Jewish colony of
Kiryat Anovim, where he served to the end of the disturb-
anees.
Mr. Levine took an active part in community affairs. He
served as Treasurer of the Council of Social Agencies, was
Chairman of the Recreation Committee which inaugurated a
city wide summer program which served over 4000 children
during 8 summer weeks. He was a member of the City of
Bangor Recreation Commission, Chairman of the Public Re-
lations Committee, member of the USO Council, USO Staff
and an advisor to the Columbia Street USO Unit. Dr. Levine
was Jewish Welfare Board representative at Dow Field and
flew on a special mission for the USO Overseas to Newfound-
land, and was also civilian chaplain for the United States
War Department. Dr. Levine was Hillel Counsellor at the
University of Maine and Colby College and was in charge of
programming and religious organization at the N.Y.A. Unit
at Queddy.
“Fundamentally the Jewish Center is an educational in-
stitution,” said Mr. Gendzier. “It places its reliance upon the
solid forms of growth through knowledge, understanding,
dramatic performances, supervised dancing, literary clubs,
social groups, scout work and tournaments.”
Mr. Gendzier explained that Jewish Centers, similar to the
Jacksonville institution, are intended to create a Jewish social
life as an integral part of the social life of the community as
a whole, recognizing, however, that Jews, like non-Jews have
social needs and desires and that some of these needs and
desires can be met only by Jews themselves. “Those Cen-
ters ” Mr. Gendzier concluded, “add to the enrichment of
the civic life of American cities.”
for Bar Mitzvah. He thus has endeared himself to many
scores of students whom he has inspired with a reverence
for religious observance. In addition he has a multi-
plicity of other functions relating to the daily conduct of
the Center, including supervision of the daily minyon,
reciting memorial prayers, collection of dues, etc. His
kindly personality has been a great influence in creating
good will for the Center in many quarters.
The Sunday School provides a ten-year course in his-
tory, customs and ceremonies . . . Total registration was
about 235, with the school in charge of Dr. Bar-Am, for
part of the year, and Rabbi Margolis, for the balance of
the term ... In December the Sunday School presented a
Chanukah playlet and in March, a Purim operetta based
on Hebrew and Yiddish folk songs ... In April the
Daughters of Israel religious committee sponsored a
demonstration Seder by the children . . . The school
closed in May with the presentation of prizes and awards
. . . Confirmands and graduates were honored at a sup-
per party given by the Daughters of Israel, which resulted
in the formation of a Jewish Center Alumni Association
. . . During the course of the year Sunday School pupils
contributed $300 to the Social Service fund, benefiting a
number of worthy agencies ... 50 trees were planted in
the JNF forest, honoring Abe Newman, past president
of the Center.
The teachers’ staff included Miss Ruth Leonard, Mrs.
M. J. Reiser, Miss Leah Setzer, Miss Sylvia Haber, Miss
Victoria Levy, Mrs. Philip Selber, Mrs. Nat Cohen, Mrs.
Charles Kluglose, Miss Raela Fink, Miss Mollye Mizrahi
and Messrs. Morris B. Wilson, M. J. Reiser and Andre
Bialolenki.
Cemetery Committee
The Cemetery Committee of the Center (Chevra Ka-
disha) continued, as in previous years, to supervise the
Center Cemetery, which was repurchased seven years ago
from the Evergreen Cemetery Association. Max Rubin
is chairman and Oscar Magezis acts as overseer of the
grounds. Although an adjunct of the Center, the com-
mittee, consisting of ten members elected by the Center
board, handles its own finances. An auxiliary commit-
tee, the Shamoshim committee headed by Rev. Robin,
assists the Chevra Kadisha in performing all burials ac-
cording to orthodox ritual. .. Because there are now very
few burial plots available in the present cemetery, nego-
tiations are being conducted for the purchase of an addi-
tional burial tract.
Members of the Cemetery Committee are: Max Rubin,
chairman; Benjamin Baker, Louis Bucholtz, Joseph
Hackel, I. M. Lieberman, Oscar Magazis, Max Mirkis,
David Moscovitz, and Max Rose.
Standing Committees
Standing Committees of the Center for the year 1944
are as follows:
Religious: Jack Becker, chairman, B. Baker, Oscar
Magezis, Joseph Hackel and David Moscovitz; Boy
Scout: Ben Chepenik, chairman, Joe Strauss, Joe Becker
and Max Rose; Cultural: Philip Selber, chairman, Philip
Bork, William I. Boxerman, Robert M. Rieders and Abe
Newman; House: Hyman Selber, chairman, Max Rubin,
M. Wolf son, S. D. Kramer and Oscar Magezis.
Education: Joseph Hackel, chairman, Max Mirkis, D.
H. Lasarow and Philip Selber; Membership, Joe Bartley,
chairman, Ira Stein, Abe Selber and I. M. Lieberman;
Page Forty-Five
