Jacksonville Jewish Center
Review of the Year
Social and Cultural Events
An outstanding event was the Chanukah banquet, at
which the Center mortgage was burned. Dr. Max Arzt
of the Jewish Theological Seminary gave the principal
speech. Mrs. Harry Finkelstein and Mr. Morris Wolf-
son were given the honor of actually burning the mort-
gage ... A Purim concert held in the auditorium on
March 12 featured a group of artists from the armed
forces, who rendered a rich program of classical and pop-
ular music. The Jewish Chapel Choir of the Naval Air
Station also contributed several numbers which were ap-
plauded warmly.
In addition to filling several out-oTtown engagements,
Rabbi Margolis also stimulated several local Zionist
groups through his review of "The Forgotten Ally,” and
spoke on Zionism several times at meetings of the Jack-
sonville Zionist District.
Educational System
The daily kindergarten, with an enrollment of 40 chil-
dren, was under the direction of Mrs. M. J. Reiser, as-
sisted by Mrs. R. S. Lourie and later, by Mrs. Charles
Kluglose. In addition to the ordinary kindergarten fea-
tures, this school trains children in the observance of
Jewish customs and ceremonies, teaches them simple He-
brew words and utilizes their handicraft for the creation \
of Jewish religious objects. Through these pleasant
associations the youngsters become attached to the Center
and are prepared for more advanced study.
Rev. Joseph Robin Rev. B. Safer
The Hebrew School serves the entire community, irre-
spective of Center affiliation. Its curriculum aims to
synthesize Jewish culture with the highest concepts of
Americanism. Modern textbooks and pedagogy are em-
ployed to achieve this end. More than half of the 89
children registered for the year were between the ages
of seven and nine. The total enrollment was distributed
among seven grades in accordance with age, ability and
prior knowledge . . . Seven graduates of the Talmud To-
rah received their diplomas at the April exercises ... In
May, 22 third grade children participated in a Chumosh
party, in which they demonstrated their knowledge of the
first chapter of the Book of Genesis.
The staff included Rabbi M. D. Margolis, principal,
Dr. Morris Bar-Am, Mrs. Harry Abrams, Mrs. Carl Al-
pert and Rev. Joseph Robin. Rev. Robin this fall begins
his fourteenth year of service with the Center. In the
Hebrew School he acts as a teacher, preparing the boys
Page Forty-Three
The Religious Cycle
The year opened with the High Holiday services.
Rabbi Margolis officiated in the Center Synagogue and
Rev. B. Safer, in the auditorium. Both places of wor-
ship were filled to capacity. Servicemen were accomo-
dated in the synagogue. Home hospitality was provided
by Center members . . . On October 3rd the annual me-
morial services were held at the Center Cemetery . . . On
October 4th two plaques were dedicated, containing the
names of over 200 Jewish men in the armed forces.
Chaplain Paul W. Ludden was guest speaker . . . The
Suecoth holiday ended with a Simchath Torah celebration
on October 21st.
Despite war conditions, the Friday night services be-
ginning October 29 were fairly well attended, as were
also the following special Sabbath events: a Balfour Day
observance, November 5, in which the Zionist groups
cooperated; AZA Sabbath, November 12 and March 24;
Thanksgiving service, November 26; joint service at the
Temple, with Rabbi Prero as guest speaker, January 28;
installation of officers, February 4; Brotherhood service,
with Rev. W. F. Dunkle as guest speaker; Boy Scout
Sabbath, March 3; Daughters of Israel Sabbath, March
10; joint service at Center, with Chaplain I. Rackovsky
as guest speaker, March 17; Hadassah Sabbath, March
31; Hebrew School Graduation Sabbath, April 28; two
Young Judea Sabbaths; Mother’s Day Sabbath, May 12.
During Passover the two sedorim in the Center audi-
torium were attended by 600 servicemen. Chaplain J. K.
Shankman, Rabbi I. L. Kaplan and Rabbi Jacob Kaplan
(of Miami) assisted Rabbi Margolis in conducting the
ritual . . . Yiskor services were well attended . . . For
Shovuoth, however, attendance was rather small, except
for Yiskor . . . The Sunday night Confirmation service
was beautiful and impressive ... A D-Day service took
place the evening of June 6, when a large number of
congregants participated in special prayers of victory.
Inter-Faith Activities
For the past seven years Rabbi Margolis has been con-
ducting the Jewish Center radio program over Station
WJAX. It has met with a warm response from Chris-
tian friends who state that they listen to it regularly.
Many of the talks during the past year dealt with the
Zionist issue and were calculated to inform non-Jews
correctly on the question.
Rev. William Dunkle, Jr., a prominent Christian min-
ister, spoke at the Brotherhood Week service held in the
Center—the only event of its kind in the city. Later Rev.
Dunkle invited the Rabbi to explain the customs and
meaning of Passover at vesper services, on Palm Sunday
in the Snyder Memorial Church . . . Rabbi Margolis gave
the closing prayer and benediction at the American Le-
gion memorial services in Hemming Park, Decoration
Day, May 30 . . . He participated in preliminary steps
looking toward the formation of a Jacksonville Round
Table of the National Conference of Christians and
Jews.
