WK-tris trú rueti "rb *oraw wi
T r P - I T - • - t - T
The Heavens belong to the Lord, but the earth He gave over to mankind.
Ps. 115:16
It is Rosh Hashanah — the birthday of the world.
“On the seventh day God finished His work which He had been doing.”
. . But so much remains to be done.
The hungry need to be fed, the illiterate need to be taught.
The old as well as the young need to be loved.
We all need relief from the stress and anxiety of personal
and global conflicts that are ravaging us.
God is perfect. Surely He could have created a perfect world.
Why didn’t He?
He deliberately left the world unfinished because He expects each generation —
every man, woman, and child — to be His partner in the continuous act of creation.
The tradition tells us that this is what it means to be human.
God endowed us with unique gifts — perception, compassion, inventiveness.
It is our job to use them to improve the world.
We teach our children that everything they do makes a difference.
We need to start believing it about ourselves —
to act as though our actions change the world a little. Because they do.
Prayer, ritual and study can make us sensitive to moments of change and choice.
They give us a renewed vision of our goal. It is when we take that vision out into
the world — and act on it — that we really become partners in creation.
What Can We Do?
Help worthy students stay in school. Read for the blind. Tutor in over-burdened schools.
Share our talents where they are needed. We can take steps to guard the water, the air,
the soil that are entrusted to us. We can respond when people around us are in pain . . .
Visit the sick and the grieving — and really listen.
In'1 a world of gossip we can respect privacy.
In violent times we can deal gently with our children and our aged.
We can take the chance of reaching out to a stranger.
We can refuse to stand idly by while our neighbor’s blood is shed.
Wake Up.
Accept your role as a partner in creation.
Rosh Hashanah is the time and wherever you are is the place to begin.
A message from
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America
East Coast Fruit Co.
Walter Portnoy — Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
rraom
M
■
Wake up!
2
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
