This Issue of the Center Yearbook
is Dedicated to:
ESTHER FISHLER
As the deadline approaches, Esther Fishier is still “on a roll.” Not
ready to finalize the Center Yearbook, she continues to clip
newspaper ads of new businesses. Still in high gear, she calls one.
They are interested but want to see the Yearbook first. Esther
immediately grabs her car keys and Yearbook and is off.
Half an hour later she returns to the Center office, bubbling and
waving a check for a full page ad from a first-time subscriber. “I make
these goals for myself,” she exclaims. “Each year I like to do better
than the last.”
Esther Fishier strikes again!
Esther Fishier
This year Esther is retiring after thirty-three years of devoted service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Her long career at the Center began in the Education Department. Four years later, she was asked by Rabbi
Tofield to become involved with the finances (advertising) of the Yearbook. For fifteen years she was also
responsible for the food programs which included: Saturday luncheons for 250 youngsters, Sunday breakfast
for 90, and two suppers four nights a week for Hebrew School students. She called for minyan volunteers for
14y2 years and in addition worked on membership and finances. She has been responsible for opening new
ongoing means of revenue — wedding invitations, yarmulkes, floral contributions and more.
It is in the area of Yearbook solicitation that Esther has no rival. During her tenure, Yearbook revenues
have more than tripled. Her diligence and persistence have made this annual one of our best fund raisers.
An active Sisterhood member for over forty years, Esther has been in charge of many successful projects
— the Sisterhood Card Party being her most recent accomplishment. Many of her volunteer activities
centered around her children, Herbert and Carole, who were both very involved in all the Center’s education
and youth programs.
As a devoted member and staff person of the Center, Esther has been one of our greatest fund raisers. She
is retiring this Fall from her position at the Center office “with mixed emotions . . . (she) will always have the
Center at heart . . . and still plans to continue to be active in Sisterhood and other projects.”
This grandmother of three (Jennifer, Jonathan and Michael) can still run rings around women half her age.
Her boundless energy, her drive, her generosity to her family and friends have distinguished her as a very
“special” lady.
We express our sincere appreciation to Esther for her dedication and the “extra” effort she has given
through the years. We wish her good health and happiness.
— Editor
11
