Where will our Synagogue be next year?
President’s Message
Dr. Joseph Honigman
And the L*RD G*D called to the man, and said to him, “Where are you?”
BERESHIT 3:9
As we begin another year, most of us feel obliged to take a personal inventory.
Sometimes such a probing self analysis is not a pleasant experience. This is
especially true when we don’t measure up well to our own tough standards.
Indeed, that is what the Torah is telling us in the story of Adam hiding in Eden
from G*D. How could Adam expect to hide from G*D? Certainly G*D knew where
Adam was hiding. The question, “Where are you?” clearly was a rhetorical one
meant for Adam’s benefit.
Adam had to stop and introspect where he was, to what point he had come, what
he had done, and what his responsibilities were.
At times, we are all Adams, hiding out and evading our responsibilities, and
refusing to make full use of our G*D given potentials, abilities and talents.
As we move into another year, it would be simple to glibly pledge to do better ... to do better as Jews, better in our
interpersonal relationships, better in our homes, our synagogue and our places of work.
But setting a new, higher standard for the coming year carries with it the obligation to measure at a later date what our
performance actually was. This year, perhaps we should all make an additional resolution. Resolve that the quality control
benchmark of our performance will be an honest appraisal by the toughest inspector of all — ourselves.
In much the same way, our Synagogue has the potential to continue to improve over the coming year. And it will
improve, if our toughest quality control inspectors — our own membership — assumes an active role in measuring their
own performances with relation to the Synagogue. Because when our Synagogue’s performance does not measure up, only
the personal efforts and financial support of an involved, committed membership is capable of making the required
improvements.
“Where will our Synagogue be next year?” That is a question that each and every one of us will have to answer honestly,
at this time, next year.
L’Shana Tova
Joseph Honigman, M.D.
“In the Evening”
Height: 20” Medium: Bronze
Retail: $5,500 T.C.E.: $4,400
“Erte at Ninety”
The Complete Graphics
207 Color Illus. 223 Pages
T.C.E.: $85
Erte
The Collector’s Exchange
Fine Art Investments
Since 1978
John Perry Graves, Jr., Founder
“Let me help you select
a fine art collection.”
5627 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
904-737-6560
Spring ’84 prices.
“Coquillage”
14K Gold, Pave-set Diamonds
Retail: $1,900 T.C.E.: $1,520
“La Mervielleuse”
Size: 31”x23”. Serigragh
Retail: $1,200 T.C.E.: $900
21
