Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
One of the greatest treasures of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is the Henry
Kramer Library and Resource Center. The shelves are filled with new as well as
other timely books on a great variety of Jewish subjects for the entire Jewish Center
family. There is Fiction, Humor, Art, Music, Religion, Philosophy, Biographies,
Zionism, Reference, etc.
Truly the pleasant and lovely furnishings of the Library should encourage
everyone to drop by and enjoy a good book.
With the assistance of the PTA Mothers and Librarian Louis Cohen, the Solomon
Schechter Day School collection was available for the Day School students and the
Hebrew School students. This collection has numerous fine reference books and
many delightful fiction books with Judaica themes.
The Library and the Center Sisterhood presented two excellent Book Reviews for
the congregation. Teddie Moskovitz and Rose Entman reviewed two historical
novels by Brenda Segal.
The Library Cart is available at Kiddush on several Saturdays through the year. It
gives members opportunity to check out books and peruse the many fine magazines
and periodicals.
Library Committee members devote many service hours to maintain this facility.
It would be impossible to function without their assistance.
The Library is grateful for the generous support of the Center membership.
Member contributions are used to purchase new books and library supplies.
Come by and enjoy the attractive Reading Room. You will find “Moment,”
“Commentary,” “Near East Report,” “Ba’Lam,” Jerusalem Week, Jerusalem Post,
Jewish Post and Opinion, Yiddish Newspapers and many other magazines and
periodicals.
Gifts of Beauty
Chairman: Minnie Schreiber
Tofield Collection:
Co-Chairman: Diane Fages and May Goldie
Stillman, Belle Gendzier
Solomon Schechter Day School Collection:
Co-Chairman of Mothers: Lauren Rothstein,
Sharon Witten, Carol Schneider, Jo Ellen
Marks
Library Cart: Co-Chairman: Lillian Meizlik
Rita Gendzier Judaica Collection:
Co-Chairman: Tobi Meisel, Florence
Schreiber, Hermine Newman
Treasurer: Roselyn Selber
Our sincerest “Thanks” to Dr. and Mrs. Sam Wittten, for the beautiful gift of
twelve collectors plates, from Calhoun Collectors Society, that are displayed in the
Witten Chapel.
The series entitled “The Promised Land” portrays the life of Moses from the story
of “Pharoah’s Daughter” to the “Glorious Tabernacle.”
Not only do the Koutsis plates enhance the Witten Chapel with their artistic *he beautiful hand-chased sterling silver
merit, but they also remind us of the lessons learned from our past. Information Megillah case was donated by Mr. and Mrs.
booklets are available in the Center office with the story of each plate. Leonard Wolf, Lakeland, Florida.
Compliments of
Gate Petroleum Company
9540 San Jose Blvd.
268-5690
55
