Adult Education
Hebrew Literacy
The Hebrew Literacy Campaign has one major goal ... to make
every adult a literate Jew by teaching each one how to read from a
Siddur; and making them comfortable in the synagogue. Beginner
and intermediate classes are held during the day and evening.
Classes & Activities
Israeli Folk Dancing - Latest dances from Israel are taught
Haftorah and Torah Skills - Musical skill of reading Torah trope
and notes are taught
Book Reviews - Current books and periodicals are reviewed
Torah Study Sessions - Weekly discussions of the “portion of the
week”
Minyanaire Program - Sunday morning breakfast and discussions
Once in a New Moon - Lunch and learn program
Scholar-in-Residence - Outstanding scholars and thinkers share
their knowledge
Film Festival - Light and entertaining films for the whole family
Visiting Scholars and Lecturers
The hosting Havurah, Ananchnu-
Mispacha, enjoys a light moment
with Rabbi Emil Fackenheim.
Dr. Neil Gillman, associate
provost of the Jewish Theological
Seminary, was a guest scholar in
March.
Danny Siegel, author and lecturer,
visited the Solomon Schechter
Day School and explained the
importance of Tzedakah.
Internationally acclaimed expert in
Jewish medical ethics, Dr. Fred
Rosner, discussed very
controversial topics during his
visit.
Substance of a Havurah
good friends . . . meaningful activities . . . fantastic food
Havurah members engage in a range of activities from holiday celebrations, to serious study, to just plain fun. They furthermore
engage in creating indepth friendships and mutual support. Groups generally average 10-20 adults and their families. They meet on a
regular basis in homes and in synagogues.
This year the Havurah, Ananchnu-Mispacha presented a dramatic slide presentation of a mock trial of Anatoly Shcharansky for the
Jacksonville Jewish Community.
/MtlL
LANIER TRAVEL SERVICE
i
MMU
Established in 1908
Independent Travel
Conducted Tours and Cruises - Air - Bus - Rail - Steamship
Investors Building
Reservations and Tickets for Complete Services
118 W. Adams St., Suite 6F
Phone 355-3632
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
57
