Jacksonville Hevrah Kaddisha
OFFICERS
President - Joel Bressler
V. Pres. - Nathan Sandler
Treasurer - Alan Taffet
Telephone Chairman - Ann & Nathan Shmunes
OTHER MEMBERS ARE
Linda Bressler, Bea Browdy, Laurie Benwick,
Babs Goldstein, Dr. Michael Greenburg, David
Mizrahi, Max Shmunes, Simon Selber, Anita
Solomon, Lil Meizlik, Lisa Lefkowitz, Bob
Bossen, Marlene Bossen and Janet Husney.
Alan Taffet, Nathan Sandler, Simon Selber;
Seated: Joel Bressler, Bea Browdy
STEPS WHICH SHOULD BE TAKEN TO FACILITATE SIMPLE JEWISH BURIAL ACCORDING TO THE CUSTOM
OF OUR COMMUNITY:
Upon a Jewish persons death an undertaker is called to move the body to the preparation room of the funeral home
where the features are set, bodily excretions are briefly washed off and the orifices are packed. The body is then wrapped in
a cloth sheet. A Hevrah Kaddisha committee (the Holy Society whose members have been trained to prepare a body for
burial) is called to the funeral home to wash the body which rests on a special wooden board, according to prescribed ritual.
While performing this work the committee recites certain prayers which befit the occasion. After the committee washes the
body, the members dress the body in white linen shrouds and place it in a plain, simple, wooden casket which is unadorned
except for a wooden Star of David which is attached to the top.
If the burial takes place on the same day that death has occurred, the body is transported to the cemetery for the funeral
services. If the funeral takes place on the following day (or later, if out-of-town relatives will attend), a “shomer” (watchman)
called by the Hevra Kaddisha sits with the body during the night; the body must never be left unattended. If it is desired to
have the funeral service in a chapel prior to interment, the chapel must be non-sectarian; that is, no Christian symbols may
be visible during the service.
The following persons must be called by the family or the undertaker as soon as possible after death has ocurred: the
rabbi, the Hevra Kaddisha, the person in charge of the Jewish cemetery, the burial vault company and the cemetery
association which contacts the grave-diggers.
In the event that death occurs in another locality, the out-of-town undertaker may arrange with either of two local funeral
homes, Hardage & Son-Estes Krauss or George Hewell & Sons, to use its facilities for the participation of the Hevra
Kaddisha and the shomer when applicable. These establishments will also indicate how to contact the above persons.
Finally, it is to be clearly understood that no embalming or cremation or public viewing of the body in an open casket is to
take place. If interment must be postponed beyond twenty-four hours, the body may be kept in a body cooler to retard
decomposition.
ttrorgr JL
unb 0mt
Funeral Homes
Northside
4747 Main St.
Phone 355-9545
George H. Hewell
MEMBER BY
INVITATION
INDEPENDENT
NATIONAL
SELECTED
MORTICIANS
INTERNATIONAL
Southside
4140 University Blvd. South
Phone 737-4855
George H. Hewell II
60
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
