Early Childhood Department
Young children enter Pre-school at difficult stages of
development and with various backgrounds of experience.
Most children have short attention spans and high energy
levels. Opportunities are provided for them to learn through
active involvement and an abundance of multi-leveled activities.
Children need to feel successful and important. They must establish positive attitudes about
themselves. We have, in Jacksonville Jewish Center Early Childhood Department at all levels,
developed a program and curriculum that will give children the experiences that will help them
develop healthy self-concepts and form the foundation for future learning.
Our Day Care has been created to provide a secure, stimulating and safe place for all Jewish
children in the community, to learn as they play. We are very proud of the Day Care program we
have created and know it is the quality child care program where parents and children can find a
secure loving atmosphere.
— Marilyn Sandler
Administrator
Solomon Schechter Day School
At the Solomon Schechter we are blessed with many sources
of vigor. Our strength lies in talented and caring teachers
whose skills and devotion combine to provide their students
with the most enriching and individualized elementan;
education possible.
We are ever expanding and improving our curriculum to insure that our students receive an
outstanding secular education integrated with Judaic studies and principles. Increasingly, faculty
members have developed units of integrated study that bridge the Judaic and Secular worlds.
Our language arts and math programs have continued to be expanded and clarified to provide
clear scope and sequence to enable us to monitor students’ progress.
These movements forward are not isolated events, but represent the combined efforts of
many. Among those who contribute are our parents, who through their PTA organization,
support our profesisonal and lay leadership. The lay leadership, through its Education
Committee, and the religious leadership, with its support staff headed by Rabbi Gaffney,
continue to exhibit loyal, dedicated support of the school and its purposes.
Strengthened by these contributions and our commitment to constantly reassess, improve
and surpass our previous achievements, we will keep our school a stronghold for the acquisition
of knowledge.
— Willard Kennedy
Principal
Willard Kennedy
Marilyn Sandler
97
