i
^hH%
• V.
WCr
anC
rv< \-vc»yn)oni
ouvVr/nj'K
COnvjmCO
\
CAMP RAMAH
Adds a New Dimension
to Your Child's Growth as a Jew
RAMAH??? WHAT S A RAMAH???
RAMAH is a talk with a friend or a counselor who really does
understand . . .
RAMAH is living in a bunk with 13 other great kids.
RAMAH is participating in a Hebrew play and knowing what you’re
saying.
RAMAH is Havdalah by the lake after the sun has set.
RAMAH is learning to care for animals.
RAMAH is carpentry projects in Arts and Crafts.
RAMAH is an overnight.
RAMAH is choosing your own activity — and being trusted to live
by your choice.
RAMAH is getting called out in baseball on strikes — in HEBREW.
RAMAH is singing in a camp-wide Song Festival with 400 other
kids.
RAMAH is that wonderful Shabbat meal.
RAMAH is knowing that there are people who care.
RAMAH is participating in a talent show for your division.
RAMAH IS MORE ....
RAMAH is your child — this summer — if you want it to be.
Front row - L-R Laura Greenburg, Beth
Greenburg, Cheryl Bossen, Steven
Shapiro, Simeon Abramson.
Back row - L-R Judith Jacobson,
Manya Lazarus
Camp Ramah provides the opportunity of a total Jewish living experience for children and teenagers in the
relaxed atmosphere of a summer camp. Values built on a shared experience and emotion reach our sons and
daughters in a manner impossible in a formal school program. Over the years, RAMAH has helped instill a deeper
commitment to Judaism in many of its participants.
The Center believes that benefits accrue to the congregation, not just to the individual. We have therefore made
monies available to reduce the financial cost of qualified students regardless of need. These monies are not part of
the regular Center budget, but rather are raised by donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, and
Sisterhood, and from other sources.
Two families have helped us greatly. The Gordon Family has established a scholarship fund in memory of the
beloved Robert J. Gordon. A long list of deserving boys and girls have been able to go to Ramah because of this
scholarship. Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish education purposes. With the full
support of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never lost interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe
Selber Trust have been used to send campers to Ramah.
Our appreciation to Horty Gendzier, who has worked so diligently to coordinate this very worthwhile
program.
Ramah in Israel Seminar participant — Stephanie Katz.
CRUISES . . .
Are Among Our Specialties
For all your travel needs call
Destinations
TRAVEL CENTER
“One Call Does It All
Judy Sontag Gerding
President
(904)731-4555 • Lakewood Plaza
University Blvd. West • Jacksonville
