Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop skit at Blue & Gold Banquet
Cougar Patrol
Jeff Ghelerter
Patrol Leader
Robbie Moore
Asst. Patrol Leader
Michael Flaschen *
Ricky King *
Sean Usoff
Life Wilensky
Jamey McClure *
Martie Gottlieb
Soaring Eagle Patrol
Doug Davis
Patrol Leader
Michael Weitzen
Asst. Patrol Leader
Jeff Davis
Adam DePaul
Mike Whitfield *
Ray Whaley *
Roger Golcher *
Leon Jackler
* New members
Scoutmaster: Randy Silverberg
Assistant Scoutmasters: Bill Wilensky, Stephen Davis,
Dan Wilensky
Committee Chairman: Steve Ghelerter
Committee Member: Ira Jackler
The sky is the limit for the scouts of Troop 14. The Troop was founded in 1919 by Rabbi S. Stein. Sixty-five years later, Troop 14 is going
strong. The busy agenda of outdoor activities, camping and exciting programs continued in 1983-84 as scouting rides a wave of renewed
popularity.
The Troop began the year with a visit to the University of Florida. The scouts lodged at the Hillel Foundation, joining the collegiates for
Shabbat services. The Troop watched the “Fighting Gator” football team trounce its opponent. The scouts occupied Florida Field for a
game of their own. The boys visited the incredible Florida State Museum while in the university city.
The outdoor camping agenda began with a weekend at St. Augustine’s Anastasia State Park. The Troop hiked through the historic city
and visited the interesting sites and historical landmarks, leaving a trace of history of their own.
Winter saw Troop 14 return to Boy Scout Camp Echockatee, a favorite camping area over the years. Troop 14 owned and maintained a
large cabin at the site for earlier generations of Scouts. The camp was the location for last year’s successful First Annual Old-Timer’s
Campout and Reception.
Troop 14 inaugurated the Osceola National Forest as its newest camping location in February. The Troop included the spectacular re¬
enactment of the Civil War Battle of Olustee in its weekend events. The scouts reveled in the nostalgic event and joined the festive activities
commemorating the infamous battle.
Fort Clinch State Park hosted Troop 14 during the weekend of the Fernandina Arts Festival. The scouts explored the unique Civil War
era fort and enjoyed the Park’s beach and fishing pier. The weekend was highlighted by a jaunt to the nearby art extravaganza.
Among the many other activities this past year, the Troop enjoyed a campfire visit from the Baptist Hospital Life Flight helicopter, the
annual Blue and Gold Banquet and a Jacksonville Bulls’ football game.
Jeffrey Ghelerter, Michael Weitzen, Adam DePaul, Sean Usoff, Roger Golcher, Ray Whaley and Jamey McClure attended summer scout
camp at Camp Shands in Melrose. The scouts returned from camp with an even greater enthusiasm for scouting and nearly 30 merit badges
of which to boast.
Boy Scout Troop 14 is an organization for boys grades 6 to 12. The Troop fosters the scouting ideals of friendship, citizenship, reverence,
personal growth and self reliance in a program designed to tantalize the diversified interests of today’s youth.
The Center “Keeps in Touch” With College Students
Because we care about our college age youth, the Center maintains an on-going program to
“keep in touch.” Not only do we send the Bulletin, but we also try to bring the holidays a little
closer by sending a variety of holiday packages throughout the year; current events relating to
Israel and the Jewish community also get sent.
Rabbis Gaffney and Kentof frequently visit nearby colleges and meet informally with
students.
This very important project is coordinated by Horty Gendzier. If you have a college age child,
please send his/her address to the Center office.
Herb Lewitt and daughter
Melanie after her graduation.
205
