Mount Carmel Gardens
Mount Carmel Gardens Tenant Association
1984-85
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice President
2nd Vice President
Recording Secretary....
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
... Dorothy Levine
.. Fannie Friedman
.. Henrietta Diveto
Dorothy Freedman
Lottie Ring
Cecil Tyner
During the past year our building has undergone many changes-all good. The outside has been sandblasted and painted; the lobby and hall have been
completely done over-from the wall paper, to the floor covering, to repainting the woodwork and doors-a new look for us all to enjoy.
Starting with the Board of Directors of Mount Carmel Gardens, and on down to our very popular Mr. Charles Caplan, our Administrator; Margaret
Lovito, our co-Administrator; our very capable maintenance crew, and our 24-hour group of workers at the desk-we have wonderful and continuous
supervisory maintenance and protection, — as well as immediate help for sudden sickness if we ever need it. A very comfortable feeling.
The new slate of officers and their assisting board of the Mount Carmel Tenants Association, took over their duties June 12th -- the beginning of the
1984-85 year. We are sure they will give us as active and fun-filled a season, as did last year’s officials. 1983 was a wonderful year, and we’re hoping for
another one just as enjoyable.
The Entertainers, under the direction of Dottie Levine, is active and functioning; the Carmel Chorale, with Jim Jerrard as instructor, is continuously
learning and performing; - and now we have added a square dance group, with Chuck Joyeusaz as caller and Cecil Tyner as his assistant - and they are
having a wonderful time at their weekly sessions.
The Kosher Nutrition Center is another plus to the advantages of Living in Mount Carmel. Delicious lunches are served, not only to our tenants, but to
many who don’t live here, but enjoy coming for the meals. All Senior Citizens are welcome to come share a nutritious and delicious meal with us, five days
a week.
Meeting here on a regular basis is Mount Carmel Chapter of the AARP #350, the Hannah Senesch group of Hadassah; Upjohns Clinic once a month;
and podiatrist Steven Merrit twice a month. The Mount Carmel Newsletter is distributed free once a month.
There are always parties - all we need is an excuse: monthly birthdays, holidays, Christmas-Hanakuh, New Years Eve, outside entertainment, and
anything else that might pop up. Never a dull moment.
To all senior citizens who enjoy Bingo, come join us every Monday evening. Everyone is welcome to come and have fun with us. That also goes for the
singing group - if you like to sing, join us on Tuesday evenings. You’ll love it.
In fact, you’ll love everything about living in Mount Carmel - as we do.
—NOTICE—
TO THE ELDERLY
OR HANDICAPPED
SMITH BROS.
If you are in a position where you can no longer
maintain your own home and need help — did
PLASTERING CO., INC.
you know you can live with us for less than you
can pay someone to come in on a daily basis?
LATH—PLASTER—STUCCO
No more rent—utilities—food or worry—just
one flat rate.
Wc offer PERSONALIZED CARE, good food,
good beds, laundry and 24 hour supervision.
DRY WALL
Free Estimates
YOUR HOME AWAY FROM HOME all
for $20 a day or less
AUTUMN RETIREMENT CENTER
■ 103 BARRS ST.
4533 Highway Avenue
Phone 387-2481
384-7506
241
