National Council of Jewish Women
Nine Decades of Achievement
President
VP Public Affairs/Community Serv
VP Administration
VP Membership
VP Program
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Financial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
... Dottie Shlafer
Dale Strok
. .. Judi Greenhut
Anita Teitelbaum
Mary Zimmerman
Pat Ennis
Sue Elinoff
... Laura Osofsky
.... Carole Sinoff
The National Council of Jewish Women is the nation’s oldest women’s volunteer organization. Since its
birth in 1893, NCJW has been characterized by a dedication to serving humanity and advancing the heritage
of Judaism.
Today more than 100,000 members organized into over 200 Sections and Branches nationwide, continue
a tradition of community action and advocacy, focusing their attention on the priority areas of AGING,
CHILDREN AND YOUTH, WOMEN’S ISSUES, JEWISH LIFE AND ISRAEL.
The Jacksonville Section is currently involved in projects that include an annual Mental Health Forum, the
Art Enrichment program in the elementary schools, Pre-school vision screening and programming for the
Nutrition Center at Mt. Carmel, a fall Tay-sachs screening and delivery of kosher meals on wheels. Also
planned is NCJW’s successful “ Self Development Series.”
Through a coordinated program of education, service, advocacy and social action, NCJW WORKS IN
THE Jewish and general communities locally, nationally, and internationally.
The major thrust of NCJW’s activities in Israel has been to aid in the development of Israel’s children, its
most precious resource.
NCJW seeks members of all ages and interests.
An Evening Branch has been organized for those women who prefer evening meetings.
For more information, please contact Section President Dottie Shlafer at 731-8397 or Branch President
Barbara Black at 731-9359.
Jewish War Veterans
Jewish War Veterans Post 199
The JWV is the oldest active veterans organization in the U.S., founded in 1896. The Jewish
War Veterans not only works for and helps all veterans, regardless of religion, race, or national
origin, but it is a militant and patriotic voice of American Jewry.
The JWV stands up against bigotry and anti-semitism, and against the threat of cults. The
JWV also actively helps the Vietnam veterans. Active in community relations and community
service, within and outside the Jewish Community, JWV is a staunch supporter of Israel.
In Jacksonville, the Meyer Leibovitz JWV Post is extremely active. The Post participates in
all parades - Veterans Day, July 4th and Memorial Day.
The Group has begun working with the V.A. Hospital in Gainesville and Lake City. They also
collect magazines and supply several hospitals with them.
We also have an active Ladies Auxiliary.
Meetings are held for both the Post and the Auxiliary at Mount Carmel Gardens, on the
second Thursday of the month.
For more information, contact the Quartermaster, Meyer Caplan at 744-2607.
The Officers for 1984 are:
Arnold Andriessee - Commander
Hugh Shulman - Sr. Vice
Commander
Mel Cohen - Jr. Vice Commander
John Perin - Jr. Vice Commander
Marcus Grebler - Adjutant
Meyer Caplan - Quartermaster
Milton Lipkowitz - Chaplain
247
