Herman Paul
OFFICERS
President Herman Paul
Treasurer Martin Wolf
Secretary Peter Winterfield
Chairman, Board of Trustees Lewis Meisel
VICE-PRESIDENTS
Hebrew Home for the Aged
The River Garden Home, situated on the banks of the St. Johns River,
surrounded by beautiful gardens, is a vital integral part of the Jacksonville Jewish
community. There are few communities fortunate enough to have a geriatric care
and rehabilitation center that has the capacity and resources to provide 100% of the
long term care and short term rehabilitation needs of the local Jewish population.
River Garden, therefore, is grateful for the involvement and continued financial
support of the community which enables it to offer all residents a consistently high
level of care regardless of their personal finances.
The staff of River Garden is called upon to deal with some of the most profoundly
difficult human care problems 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Human problems
have no simple solutions, no perfect answers. River Garden is in the fore-front of developing decent humane responses to
these problems. In doing so, it has been singled out by the major government and voluntary accrediting agencies as a model
care facility.
Through individualized plans of care, the Home tries to strike a living balance between institutional requirements and
individual needs, in a residential setting supportive of Jewish identity. River Garden encourages the “wellness” of the
individual. This positive accent on living, with a variety of social, cultural and recreational programs helps create the special
climate and tone of River Garden. River Garden is itself a focal point of Jewish activity and Jewish identity. It helps maintain
the integrity of Jewish families and is a beautiful expression of Jewish social ethic.
L’SHONO TOVAH
Chairman,
Admissions Bd. Dr. Michael M. Greenburg
Co-Chairman, Admissions Bd. Brent Turbow
Mrs. Abe Horovitz
House Committee Jack Price
Public Relations Mrs. Nathan B. Gold
Chairman, Medical Bd. Dr. Harry Yoffee
Co-Chairman, Med. Bd. Dr. Mel Newman
ENDOWMENT BOARD
Chairman Norman Hofheimer
River Garden Auxiliary
The River Garden Auxiliary Inc., formerly the Ladies Hebrew
Sheltering Aid Society, is entering its 60th year of “Service With
A Heart.”
The Auxiliary continues in their tradition to assist and help the
River Garden Board to provide a Home for our Senior Citizens,
who are no longer able to live alone, a home where they can find
comfort, security, medical care and enjoyment, spiritual,
physical and emotional stimulation and pride in their own
accomplishments. All this combined gives the feeling and knowledge that “Someone Cares.”
The Auxiliary provides the extra budgetary needs of the Home, such as furnishings, redecorating, office and infirmary
equipment, and Hobby Shop materials. Funds are raised through our Annual Tombola, Donors, Social Printing, Fifth
Commandments Placque, Dues, and Life Membership.
The residents enjoy the special parties planned and given by the Auxiliary for Chanukah, Purim, Mother’s and Father’s
Day.
The Auxiliary sponsors the Red Cross Ladies in-house service and a Volunteer Program, and these ladies extend both their
hands and their hearts in service to our residents.
We welcome all of you to join us in this deeply human involvement.
We wish you and yours Peace, Health, and Happiness for a New Year.
President Mrs. Mitchell Peltz (Lois)
First President Mrs. Jack Price (Judy)
Second Vice-President Mrs. Charles Mizrahi (Ginette)
Third Vice-President Mrs. Harry Slutzah (Ruth)
General Treasurer Mrs. Meinhard Katz (Dora)
Financial Secretary Mrs. Harry Tuckman (Rose)
Recording Secretary Mrs. H.T. Freedman (Emily)
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Rubin Janofsky
239
