Progressive Credit Union
The Progressive Credit Union was founded in 1940 by two
very splendid men - Laser Klepper and Louis H. Cohen. It was
established to assist their fellow business men and co¬
religionists during the depression years. Hundreds of Jewish
families have benefited by business and personal loans that
were not available to them anywhere else.
The Board of Directors governs the activities of the Credit
Union. They serve without compensation and give their time
and their expertise willingly.
Recently on the occasion of the 46th Annual Meeting the
group chose to honor Moe B. Safer, Board Chairman and Mrs.
Wallace Rubenstein, Board Member, for their many years of
extraordinary services and dedicated efforts through the years
for the Progressive Credit Union.
The Progressive Credit Union offers a great opportunity as a
depository for savings as well as a source for loans. An 8%
dividend on deposits was declared for 1983.
Officers and Board of Directors
Moe B. Safer
Board Chairman
Edwin Presser
President
Jordan Ansbacher
Vice President
Harlan D. Helming
Secretary
Joseph Cohen
Treasurer
Jean 1. Benjamin
Board Member
W.Z. Goldberg
Board Member
D.D. Gradman
Board Member
Irwin Gendzier
Board Member
Herman Gelman
Board Member
Milton Hecht
Board Member
Herman Paul
Board Member
Robert L. Jacobs
Board Member
Steven E. Meisel
Board Member
Stanley B. Gelman
Associate Member
Richard B. Miller
Associate Member
Ann Rubenstein
Associate Member
Wallace Rubenstein
Associate Member
Richard Bernard
Associate Member
Minnie Schreiber
Associate Member
The Progressive Credit Union Office is located at Suite 407,
St. James Building or phone 354-4770.
B’nai B’rith, an international service organization founded in
1843, united world Jewry for the advancement of the Jewish
people and helps create a better world for all people. The
needs of the world are great and B’nai B’rith sets an example
to follow. Whether those needs be providing for the poor,
caring for the aged, visiting the sick or incarcerated,
supporting science and art, programming for youth, assisting
victims of natural disasters, making sure Israel lives, or
elevating the mental and moral character of the people of our
faith, B’nai B’rith is more than just a concept, it is living
experience whose resource is people, this vast resource —
people — are giving of themselves to help create an
atmosphere of compassion and understanding. B’nai B’rith is
an organization that opens its arms to all Jewish people and
lets those people gain honor, dignity and authenticity through
programs of educational value, awareness and action.
ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE #800
6161 Phillips Highway • Jacksonville, Florida 32216 U.S.A.
(904)731-3406
Richard Miller, President
Stuart Hecht, Vice-President
Harry Nestler, Vice-President
Robert Hayflick, Vice-President
Donald R. Sampson, Vice-President
Milton Hecht, Treasurer
Mike Dunay, Chaplain
251
