NATIONAL
COUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN
EDUCATION SOCIAL ACTION SERVICE
OFFICERS:
President Thelma Nied
Vice-Presidents Carolyn Krestul
Dorothy Shlafer
Corresponding Secretary Betty Rohan
Recording Secretary Susan Piha
Financial Secretary JoyKorman
Treasurer Barbara Safer
The National Council of Jewish Women is a volunteer
organization dedicated in the spirit of Judaism to advancing
human welfare and the democratic way of life. Through a
coordinated program of education, service, advocacy and
social action, NCJW works in the Jewish and general
communities, locally, nationally and internationally.
Our local projects include: Preschool vision testing to
discover sight problems, service to the foreign born, Art
Enrichment Program (“Picture Lady”) which trains
volunteers at the Art Museum to bring and discuss art in the
public and private schools. Our Mental Health Forum, co-
sponsered with the Mental Health Association and Florida
Junior College, attracted over 2000 participants.
Our newest project, CASA (Court Appointed Special
Advocates), trains volunteers to act as a “friend of the
court” in the best interest of an abused or negleted child. A
CASA is a guardian ad litem in accordance with Florida law.
Each CASA attends two training sessions, three hours
each, conducted by professionals in the field. In addition,
on-going educations programs will be offered by the staff,
and legal counsel will be available to provide advice and
assistance, and, if necessary, to appear in court with the
CASA. For further information and application forms, call
the program office, 633-3709.
NCJW’s commitment to Israel dates back to the years
before there was an Israel, to the years when Jews around
the world were working hand in hand to establish a Jewish
state. NCJW took an active role during those years. At the
UN, NCJW’s representative worked with single-minded
devotion to help ensure that there would be such a state. In
Jerusalem, NCJW helped the Hebrew University establish
programs which would ensure that the new nation would
have the foundation upon which to develop a stron network
of educational resources. And in the United States, NCJW
worked to develop understanding and support for the state-
to-be.
Throughout the intervening years, NCJW’s
determination to help build a strong fabric of life in Israel,
while ensuring its security as a nation, has never wavered.
Within Israel NCJW’s strong programs in education and
social welfare have helped to develop the country’s
leadership.
For membership information, please contact any of
our officers.
COMPLIMENTS
ACME SEPTIC TANK COMPANY
Our Thirty-eighth Year
DAVID E. SRESOVICH — LUKE D. SRESOVICH
638 CARLTON STREET PHONE 764-7651
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32208
J
251
