Daily JI\ii?yai7
The Jacksonville Jewish Center takes pride in its
Daily Minyan. Through the tireless efforts of the cap¬
tains and co-captains, we have minyans every morning
and evening.
The anniversary date of the passing of a loved one
presents an opportunity to observe a Mitzvah, if not
a double Mitzvah.
The Mitzvah of observing the Yahrzeit is obvious -
the second Mitzvah is the opportunity to insure a minyan
so that others, besides yourself, can also observe or
attend a service for their own reasons.
The Daily Minyan needs you. For a satisfying and
rewarding experience, attend once or twice a month on
a regular basis.
If you plan to attend, call the captain of the day and
time.
Sunday - morning Philip Selber; evening Nathan
Shmunes, Bill Goldberg
Monday - morning Allen Gray; evening Nathan
Franzblau, Jeffery Morris
Tuesday - morning Ben Edwards, Louis Slott;
evening, Martin Brauner, Dr. Michael
Greenburg
Wednesday morning Nathan Friedlin; evening Jack
Silverman
Thursday - morning Norman Moss; evening Sol
Proctor
Friday - morning Sonny D. Sandler; evening Philip
Selber
Philip
(Excerpts from comments made by
Rabbi Gaffney at the funeral of Philip Bork,
past President of the Jacksonville Jewish Center)
Jewish tradition harbors a sentiment first expressed
in the life of our forefather, Jacob, which has been
re-enacted innumerable times in the lives of noble
people .. . re-enacted in the life and death of Philip Bork.
In this tradition as the rabbis perceive it, Jacob’s depart¬
ure from the city of his birth is described in great detail
because the Bible would have us observe that the depart¬
ure of a noble man leaves his family, community and
circle of friends impoverished by his absence. What
after all is a human community but the sum total of
what its individual members bring to it? If this is so, we
must recognize that certain individuals bring more than
others. Consequently their departure leaves our com¬
munity weakened.
In this regard, we say to you Philip, Lech I’shalom,
“Go in peace”. Your parting has touched us not only
with regard to the fragile nature of our mortality but also
with regard to the fragile nature of our social fabric. With
(Cont. from page 39)
the Aged, and has served as a vice-
chairman for the Duval County
Committee on Aging. Sheldon has
not only expressed his love for Ju¬
daism in institutional settings but
has brought its values to shape his
noble and virtuous character. He
has been an example of strength
and encouragement to his family
and friends and has always proven
to be a thoughtful and sympathetic
soul. The sight of Sheldon, his wife
Horty and family, seated in a fami¬
liar setting on the left hand side of
the synagogue every Shabbat is a
testimony to what a Jewish leader
really is.
Bork
your déath a chapter is closed on our collective lives and
we recognize that we are now weakened and diminished.
Philip Bork was a gifted man. He was gifted not only
in what he had, but what he did, not only in what he
received, but what he gave. He was gifted not because
of what he won from life, but what he brought to it.
He recognized that man does not live by bread
alone. He lived with conscience and so Philip was
touched by the need to bring justice to the world and
equity to our people. He was one of the founders of the
Zionist chapter in our community, an organizer of Men’s
ORT and a chairman for Israel Bonds. He also recogniz¬
ed that man is a believer and so he was instrumental in
creating a vital congregation that became the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center, and he served auspiciously as its
President.
He was also gifted in the personal affection, love and
companionship that he had known and that he was able
to leave through his deeds, monuments more enduring
than life and time itself. May his soul be bound up in the
bonds of eternal life.
• Observe their Yahrzeit by attending the
Daily Minyan.
• Come to Shabbat Services.
• Make a contribution to one of our
Center Funds: Building Fund, Day School,
Education, Henry Kramer Library and
Resource Center, Memorial, Prayer Book,
Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, Rita
Gendzier Library Fund, Charles Palot
Youth Fund.
41
