GIRL SCOUT TROOP #162
This has been a fun filled and exciting year for our troop. We had
two campouts during the year, where we learned to pitch our own
tents and cook over an open fire. We put on a play about Juliette
Low the evening of our investiture. We had a sleepover at Clara
Mann’s beach house. Our first annual talent show was a smashing
success.
We also spent the weekend in Ocala for a Girl Scout Weekend
at Wild Waters. During the year we learned a variety of arts
and crafts such as making a magnet that resembled a female
pilgrim and making flowers out of satin ribbons.
The Troop also learned about good grooming techniques from
Marilyn Anderson, a troop mother who is a hair stylist in the area,
and through a drawing, presented some of the girls with prizes that
included a curling iron, hot rollers and brushes. Additionally,
Karen Nathanson, another troop mother presented each girl with
a “grab bag” of grooming tools. In between trips to the Museum
and Planetarium, our girls did exceptionally well in the annual
cookie drive.
This has been a very exciting year for our troop, and we have
expanded from seven girls to nineteen! Anyone interested in
joining our troop, contact the Center, Cookie Taussig, 268-4469;
Clara Mann, 733-6472; or Nancy Wall, 268-8211.
Cookie Taussig
GIRL SCOUTS
Heidi Anderson, Lisa Appleman,
Kimberly Baruch, Melissa Bourg,
Cheri Crider, Lisa Greenspoon,
Debbie Gunnville, Princess
Laguire, Helene Levy, Lisa
Nathanson, Amy Mauldin, Laura
Newman, Shannon O’Brien, Amy
Price, Jenny Pugh, Paulette
Schwab, Stefanie Taussig,
Saunji Thrasher, Rhonda Wall.
Leader: Clara Mann.
Co-Leaders: Iris (Cookie)
Taussig, Nancy Wall.
BROWNIE TROOP #147
This year the Brownie Troop worked very hard on the “Brownie Bee” patches. The five patches repre¬
sent the Worlds of Well-Being, Out of Doors, Today and Tomorrow, Arts and People. This provided
for a well-rounded Brownie program.
If your daughter is between 7 and 9 years of age and is interested in Brownies, call Sheila Baruch, 733-0086.
JELINEK ADVERTISING, INC.
Fifth Floor First Federal Savings Bldg.
John Jelinek
Phone 353-9361 Phone 353-7044
Compliments
Lloyd Lohff’s Foot-So-Port
Shoe Shop
121 N. Laura Street Phone 353-1870
217
