rinyanaire
Minyanaire Machers
Abe Bielski, Jay Graff, Neil Sandler
Gene Kornblum, Allen Grey, Matt Frankel
WHO ARE THE
MINYANAIRES?
WHAT IS THE
MINYANAIRE
PROGRAM?
Minyanaires are men and women of all ages and life styles who attend one, some or every
Minyanaire Program.
The Minyanaire Program is held most Sundays at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It begins
at 9 a.m. with a service held in the intimate atmosphere of the Witten Chapel. This is followed
by breakfast and the speaker of the day. We feature speakers on a variety of subjects that will
inform, excite, or entertain you. All Minyanaire Programs are free of charge.
WHY DO
MINYANAIRES
ATTEND?
WHO DO WE
NEED?
Minyanaires attend for various reasons. The brief service is inspirational. The friendship and
comraderie felt at breakfast is a pleasant change of pace from our usual morning routine. It’s
an opportunity to see old friends and meet new ones. There is no membership or on-going
obligation. Some may choose only a few programs to attend—some are there every week.
YOU!
We cordially invite you to try the Center’s Minyanaire Program. For more information call
Abe Bielski—733-7430, Matt Frankel—737-9525, or Arlene Zel—733-4955.
A Babysitter is available during all Minyanaire Programs.
***SPECIAL NOTE to new or inactive Center members ... If you would like to become
invloved in any aspect of THE MINYANAIRE PROGRAM, we would love to have you on our
committee. Just call Abe, Matt, or Arlene and say, “I’ll help!”
BURIAL OF SACRED BOOKS
All members of the congregation, including U.S.Y.ers attending a
convention at the Center, participated in a Congregational Burial of
Ritual Objects and Sacred Books on November 18, 1979.
Jewish Law requires that worn out objects such as prayerbooks,
mezuzot, tefillin, taleism, Hebrew books and other Sacred volumes
must be treated reverently and therefore must be interred when
they are no longer serviceable.
This was a wonderful opportunity for both children and adults to
become acquainted with a hallowed Jewish practice which occurs
very infrequently.
Rabbi Gaffney throws the first shovel of dirt on books.
Many men and women
participated in this unique
U.S.Y. President Barry
Ansbacher was a big help.
Rabbi Gaffney explains the importance of the
Book Burial to Seth Rothstein & other Day School
Students.
Charlie Rrestul helps carry
books to book interrment
ceremony.
site.
71
