Progressive Credit Union
President
Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer ...
Directors
Credit Committee
Audit Committee
Publicity
MoeB. Safer
Edwin Presser
David Gradman
Joseph Cohen
Milton Hecht
W. Z. Goldberg
Jordan Ansbacher
Mac Presser, Chairman
Irwin Gendzier
Eugene Henry
Herman Paul, Chairman
Herman Gelman
Robert Jacobs
Minnie Schreiber
Standing L-R; Milton Hecht, Bill Goldberg, Harlan Helming,
Jordan Ansbacher, Eugene Henry, William Papet, Irwin
Gendzier, Bob Jacobs, Minnie Schreiber, Herman Paul.
Seated L-R; David Gradman, Moe Safer, Joseph Cohen,
Mac Presser.
The Progressive Credit Union was established, and is operated to serve the financial needs of its members consisting of
men and women of the Jacksonville Jewish Community.
In 1979 we assisted many Jacksonville businessmen and families with loans for automobiles, appliances, marriages, and
other worthwhile personal needs. Under a special program designed to aid students with college tuition, Jewish students were
assisted in their higher education. The Student Loan Program is fully guaranteed by the U. S. Government.
New and innovative programs to help the financial needs of the Credit Union members have begun. New ideas are con¬
stantly being explored. Belonging to the Credit Union is an excellent form of savings. All members receive free Life Insurance
on their savings, up to $2,000.00, a special medium for savings. All loans are covered with free Credit Life Insurance for the full
outstanding balances. With all our extra services rendered, the ratio charged for interest is lower than that of other lending
institutions in the area. All savings are insured up to $40,000.00 by the Florida Credit Union Guarantee Company.
We extend a cordial invitation for all to join with us in the Progressive Credit Union to build a stronger Jewish community in
Jacksonville. For further information, please call Mr. Joe Cohen at 354-4770.
©os§ict ©a pdep ©ipele
for Jewish Ladies
Organized in 1960, Cassia Garden Circle, an affiliate of the Garden Club of Jacksonville, is a group of
Jewish women who are interested in gardening. Many of the charter members are still active in the group.
Cassia is a group of tropical trees, shrubs and plants with compound leaves, yellow flowers and long pods,
found in Israel. The Garden Club meets monthly. Programs have included Japanese Flower Arranging,
bonsai, hanging baskets, underwater arrangements, potpourri and landscaping. Many exciting plans have
been made for next year’s programming. Spend an interesting morning, and enjoy a light lunch with some
pleasant ladies. If you are interested call President, Tootsie Hecht at 398-5360.
Officers:
President Tootsie Hecht
1st Vice-President Jean Goodman
2nd Vice-President Helen Diamond
Corresponding Secretary Pearl Jarret
Secretary Marilyn Datz
Treasurer BobbiMargol
