River Garden Quxilliary
Mary Wolf - President
OFFICERS
President
First Vice President
Second Vice President ..
Financial Secretary
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Executive Secretary
General Treasurer
Parliamentarian
Mrs. Martin Wolf (Mary)
.. Mrs. Herbert Lewitt (Maxine)
.... Mrs. Henry Halpern (Julie)
Mrs. Mitchell Peltz (Lois)
Mrs. Hymie Fialkow (Charlotte)
.... Mrs. Karl Frisch (Michelle)
. Mrs. Raphael Klepper (Doris)
.... Mrs. Ben Perlman (Lillian)
... Mrs.SidneyEntman (Rose)
1979-80 has been a “Banner Year” for the River Garden auxiliary. Many of our “impossible dreams”
have come true. Our membership has reached an all time high of over 1,000 with many new Life Members
included.
Our new volunteer program has proved most effective and has been a tremendous help to the
residents as well as the staff. Becoming a volunteer is the most important step one can take to help
River Garden. No one reaches so high as when he bends down to help a fellow human being. The act
of kindness in helping another gives one an indescribable feeling of pleasure and is the true meaning
of our motto “Service with a Heart”.
Through the efforts of an outstanding, dedicated board many innovations have been made possible
to enhance the lives of our residents. We have surpassed ourselves in fund raising. Tombola, Tree of Life,
Residents Memorial Plaque, Social Printing, Life Membership, and our highly successful new Donor
Program have helped the Auxiliary to provide money to purchase three whirlpools with elevators for
the health and comfort of our residents. Our fund raising has also been the source for extra-budgetary
needs of the Home including new furnishings, re-decoration and kitchen equipment.
One of our revitalized and popular programs has been the “Sing-A-Long” of Golden Oldies. Much
pleasure and satisfaction has been given our residents as they listen and sing and sometimes even dance
to their favorite tunes.
The Auxiliary strives to create a home-like atmosphere. Our goal is to fulfill the potential within
each of our residents. We try to accomplish this through sponsoring various programs and activities.
The Hobby Shop provides an outlet for the artist and the learning of many varied crafts. Both residents
of the Home and other senior citizens benefit from our sponsorship of the Golden Sunshine Club.
Holidays are always special occasions. The Auxiliary has a party and entertainment to celebrate
such special times as Chanukah, Purim, Mother’s and Father’s Day.
The talented reputation of our River Garden Players has spread far and wide. They are the highlight
of the year at our annual Linen Shower. Broadway may be calling any day.
We are entering a new decade of the 80’s and have high hopes that the New Year will be filled with
happiness, and our greatest wish that peace will be possible for all people.
725-4904
RACO
IIJICUM
ED'S SERVICE CENTER
6124 Beach Boulevard
Mechanic on Duty
S^c/i/Ay 0^. 0tc0/5eA¿ 0#cvzá/ixx*/ci/¿oriy ^cjnfutruf/
M335 S/au/As ^Serw¿ #c/es é)aA¿ / 0/uxsiey 733 =3575
^cu^Aori(u//ey, 0/ojUcfa/322 0 7
EDITH P. DuPRIEST
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
237
