Message From The President
Dear Fellow Congregants:
It is with great honor for me to be asked to make this traditional
President’s message. It is also an opportunity to express my strong
feelings about our institution.
These strong feelings about the Jacksonville Jewish Center come from
a sense of history, a feeling of continuity through the generations. My early
memories of being at Third and Silver Streets with my grandfather,
Reverend Joseph Robin of blessed memory, underlie my present
involvement. A recent occurance reinforced this feeling of continuity
when I had the opportunity of removing the cornerstone of our old B’nai
Israel building as it was being razed. Behind the cornerstone was a copy of
the High Holiday service and a letter from the B’nai Israel building
committee of 1907, a letter that spanned across many years from our early leaders to our current leaders. The find
was most appropriate and meaningful to me.
The Center has progressed through several locations, Duval and Jefferson Streets, Third and Silver and 10101
San Jose Blvd., through several building programs. These moves and physical improvement programs were
invariably accompanied by fund-raising efforts. It will be a goal of my administration to complete and furnish our
synagogue-center facility.
In the same fashion as we have built and improved our physical plants through the years, our programs have
evolved from the earlier programs of our predecessors. The religious and educational efforts of earlier
administrations have made it possible for us to work toward the goals and needs of Conservative Judaism and our
own institution.
These program goals are being implemented in exemplary fashion by our dedicated and outstanding
professional staff. Few other institutions match our wide range of activities and all around efforts to serve our
members. It will be my job to continue these efforts.
We face the same problems as an institution as we do as individuals. Inflation, rising costs and energy problems
are as real to the Center as they are to all of us. My administration will need your help in working to keep our
budget funded and balanced.
Our commitment to Conservative Judaism and our own synagogue will benefit from the infusion of new
members we have added to our Board of Directors. I have much hope for our future when I think of the calibre of
the people who make up our Board.
My children brought Carolyn and me back into active participation in the mainstream of Jewish life. Our desire
for our children to have the best available Jewish education and exposure to Jewish life has brought us the great
dividend of re-involving ourselves. I must thank Carolyn and JoAnne, Charles and Miriam for supporting my
participation in Center leadership.
I appreciate the congregation’s confidence in me and will do my best. I look forward to much joy of
accomplishment and I hope for little frustration.
May we progress in the future as we have in the past.
L’ Shariah Tovah,
The Krestuls: Charles, Miriam, Nate, Carolyn and JoAnne
23
