Jewish!
oFamily I
Children’s I
Services |
President
Vice-Presidents
Medical Consultant ....
Mental Health Consultant
Treasurer
Executive Director
Asst. Exec. Director ....
. Herbert Smullian
Leonard Alterman
M. David Epstein
Tekla Foster
Beverly Goldstein
David Konigsburg
Martin Wolf
Morris Price, M.D.
Milton Mann, M.D.
... Norman Moss
Lawrence Rackow
... Iris Goodstein
Lawrence Rackow
Executive Director
The Jewish Family & Children’s Services is the case work and counseling arm of the Jewish Community with service
for all age groups. Its goals, described in its by-laws, are to help individuals and families lead happier and healthier
lives, to enable individuals to approach their maximum potential, and to strengthen and/or restore family functioning
and stability.
In 1979,525 different individuals were served in one or more of its four programs — 281 in Counseling, 206 in Senior
Citizens’ Programs, 207 in Comprehensive Emergency Assistance, and 72 in the Resettlement Program.
Besides-the traditional services offered by Jewish social agencies, JFCS continued its outreach programs to the
patients at the State Hospital in McClenny and the prisoners at Raiford and Union County Correctional Institutions.
At the latter, we helped celebrate a PhD awarded one of the inmates. He is now editing a paper and heading a very
successful drug rehabilitation program there. He and a number of other prisoners are looking for pen pals. We also
have a weekly group at Mt. Carmel and a Friday afternoon group for isolated persons at River Garden where we
celebrated the graduation with high honors from FJC of a founding member. Our interest free college loans that we
secure from Jewish Children’s Services also reflects the Jewish stress on scholarship.
Florida’s enactment of a “point system” limiting medicare payments to the severely physically disabled requires
additional services to keep the aged and infirm in the community.
Our worker, Iris Goodstein, spent many hours helping to write and secure a large grant for a kosher meal program
sponsored by the Jewish Federation. We are attempting to secure funds to run a van to help senior citizens get
necessary medical care.
Our Resettlement Program, which resettled 9 in 1978, resettled 20 in fiscal year 1979, and set a goal of 30 for fiscal
year 1980. Fourteen of the 30 arrived by March and although there is hope that many will be released after the
Olympics, it is doubtful that we will reach the goal of 30. We have never had as many volunteers (139) so active and
gratified with their generous donations of their professional and human skills, time, effort and substance as in this
program. The New Americans have excellent self help and cultural groups. All 4 congregations have been
magnificent. We are particularly grateful to the Jewish Center in its camp and school scholarships and the one year
free membership offered to the newcomers. This is pouring over to raise the level of care for our local population,
especially the senior citizens. Our deepest appreciation to all the volunteers and an invitation for you to join us in our
most rewarding work.
233
