Center on Hanukkah, December of
1927.
It was the Hebrew Junior League,
of which Harry was the first presi¬
dent, which spawned the idea of the
Center. It soon became the hub of
social, cultural and religious activities
for all age groups. For many years
Harry served as Chairman of the
Building fund. As a token of appre¬
ciation he was presented with a
silver cup and many plaques.
AN OUTSTANDING LEADER
Mr. Gendzier’s interest in the
welfare of the Jewish Community
has encompassed every field. He has
been a dominant figure in the growth
of the Jewish Community for over
six decades. He served as President
of the Jewish Community Council
(now known as the Jewish
Federation) in 1957 and 1958. To
this post and others he has held, he
has brought wisdom, vision and
direction. He has been a leader at
River Garden since its inception. His
expressive, outgoing manner, and
his alert mind made him a natural
spokesman for the group. At River
Garden he served as Admissions
Chairman from 1947-1951 and as
President from 1951-1956. Thejack-
sonville Jewish Center was most
fortunate to have Harry as its presi¬
dent. Many citations he has received
reflect his brilliant service to the
Center. Awards and plaques adorn the
walls of his home . . . each given for
his outstanding work on behalf of one
of the various organizations Harry has
led. As a symbol of his unselfish service,
Mr. Gendzier was awarded a place in
Who’s Who in World Jewry —
1955, when it was published for the
first time in history and has been in
ever since. As the book states,
"Selection is based upon self-
identification as a Jew as evidenced
by outstanding participation in some
phase of Jewish Life." In Mr.
Gendzier’s case, it well could have
been written "in every phase of
Jewish life."
On the National level, Harry
served as Vice-President of
United Synagogue of America
and as President of the South¬
east Region of United Synagogue.
In 1968, The Jewish Community
Council, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and River Garden honored
Harry Gendzier for his 50 years of
service and dedication to
humanitarian causes.
HARRY AND BELLE
As a gift, Harry and Belle were
presented with a beautiful silver
plate and a trip to Israel. "I was so
thrilled I was almost overcome,"
Harry recalls. "I saw a land of milk
and honey. I saw fruit, produce,
vegetables being grown on land
Americans wouldn’t look at.”
To Harry and Belle the trip to
Israel was a dream come true but also
"a culmination of a lifestyle," Harry
remarks, "Judaism is a way of life.
Part of this way of life is to help your
fellow man." Known throughout the
Jewish community as a master fund¬
raiser, Harry modestly replies that
over the years he has raised millions
of dollars for worthy causes. "You
don’t live for yourself alone. I felt I
owed my fellow man part of my
patrimony. It is part of a pattern of
life. You don’t just live for yourself.”
The State of Israel Bond
Committee, the Jewish Theological
Seminary have also honored Harry
Gendzier. His business associates
and civic leaders have only the
highest regard for this charitable
man. A devoted family man, father to
Sheldon, and Rita, of blessed
memory, grandfather, and most of all
a loving husband to his supportive
and lovely wife, Belle, Harry
continues to be an inspiration to us
all.
HOPES FOR THE FUTURE
In a speech Harry gave at the
Israel Bond Dinner in his honor, he
said "Ideas must be born and carried
out fruitfully. We must teach our
fellow workers, not only that they
must carry on, but to improve their
performance. True leadership means
action by example, with an eye to
adding younger workers to take our
place." To Harry, "the strength of
the Jewish Community lies in the
synagogue. It is there as well as in the
home that we learn that Torah,
Avodah, and Tzedakeh have real
meaning. A vibrant synagogue must
urge its members to participate in all
worthwhile communal activities, but
it must also never lose it autonomy,
nor lost sight of its goals."
Now with his 83rd Birthday and
55th Wedding Anniversary just a
little over a month away, Harry and
his family are looking forward to
sharing this special Shabbat together
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center . . .
Harry’s Center.
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER ACTIVITIES BUILDING
WHICH WAS ON THIRD & SILVER STREETS
"The Synagogue should hold the center of cultural, social, and religious
aspects of Jewish life all under one roof
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Ansbacher, Sybil. Community Profiles. April 1961.
Kent, Elaine. “Opposites Attract — for 50 Years.” Florida Times-Union.
November 1975.
Patton, Charles. “You Don’t Live Just For Yourself.” Times-Union and Journal.
October 1978.
“Civic Leader Honored”. Community Council Commentator. April 1954.
“Man of the Month.” Community Council Commentator. March 1948.
21
