ADULT EDUCATION
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Adult Education program is designed to offer the members of our community the oppor¬
tunity to expand their knowledge of our history, religion and culture. The program continues to attract hundreds of people
from our community who want to engage in a program of Jewish study on a variety of levels. Courses in Hebrew, Jewish
philosophy, the Bible, Jewish Synagogue and Home skills, and a Bat Mitzvah program for women continue to be very suc¬
cessful.
The Minyannaire program sponsors many lecturers, some local and some of national notoriety. The Sisterhood
and the Library committee sponsor Shabbat morning Book reviews that are always very well attended.
Shabbaton Weekends this past year featured Max Dimont, a noted historian and author, Professor Mervin Verbit,
and Wolf Blitzer, the Washington correspondent for the Jerusalem Post. The weekends were very successful and stimulating.
Havurot or fellowships of groups, meet socially, within the intimacy of individual homes for the purpose of study, dis¬
cussion and celebration of Jewish life. New havurot are being formed all the time.
Weekly discussion of the “Portion of the Week” of the Torah along with a textual study of a tractate for the Talmud
take place every Shabbat before the afternoon Mincha service. The instructor is Mr. Jack Becker.
During the Shalosh Seudot meal following Minha, the Rabbi and Shabbat afternoon worshippers join in a study of
classical sources of Jewish literature.
Max I. Dimont
Noted historian and author of JEWS,
GOD AND HISTORY, THE
INDESTRUCTIBLE JEWS, AND
THE JEWS IN AMERICA.
Shabbaton Themes: “The Inde¬
structible Jews; The Secret of Jewish
Survival”. A “American Judaism,
Wasteland or Renaissance”.
Professor Mervin Verbit
Past President, Association for the
Sociological Study of Jewry, Consul¬
tant for the Center of Jewish
Community Studies. Associate
Professor, Tel Aviv University and
City University in New York.
Shabbaton Themes: “The Jewish
Family and Contemporary Culture”;
“Parents and Children—The Jewish
Family and Identity”; “Jewish Youth”;
“Coping—A Jewish Response to our
Social Ills”; “The Single and the Single
Parent”; “Problems of Loneliness and
Alienation in our Society”.
Wolf Blitzer
Washington Correspondent for the
Jerusalem Post. Sponsored by the
Zionist Organization of America
and the Minyanaires.
Themes: “U.S.-Israeli Relations
in Light of Camp David—an Over¬
View”, “The Carter-Begin-Sadat
Discussions, What Happened,
What Lies Ahead?”
69
