CUB SCOUTS PACK 14
Front Row L-R: Jonathan Witten (mascot), Scott Balotin,
Mark Resnick, Colman Brodsky, David Silverman, Rachel
Mizrahi (mascot). Second Row L-R: Sharon Witten (Den
Leader) Kevin Levy, Jeff Ghelerter, Douglas Witten, Eric
Eisenberg, Alan Mizrahi, Judy Mizrahi (Den Leader). Not
pictured: Lee Pollock, Craig Kornblum, Richie Roey.
Webbo Leader Joel Garber, David Garber, Mathew
Hochman, David Lazarus, Kenny Haft, Sammy Stromberg.
Not pictured: Bobby Greenspoon and Jeff Swab.
L-R: Jonathan Weintraub, Brad Zimmerman,
Douglas Davis, Richie Davis, Steven Shapiro.
Not pictured: Den 1—Leon Jackler, Marty
Gottlieb, Jacob Sail, Dennis Mizrahi, Chip
Abolofia, Sean Usoff. Den 4—Ellis Mass,
Michael Gordon.
Den Leaders: Judy Davis & Lanny Zimmerman.
David Garber & Kenny Haft received the
Larry Hacker Award for scoring the highest
in attendance, achievements and good will in
Boy Scouting. Cub Master, Sidney Englehardt,
presented the award.
The highlight of the Scout Picnic was Blanche
Slott presenting Sidney Englehardt with a
momento (designed by Blanche) of his 17 years
in scouting. Hip, Hip, How! Hip, Hip,How!
Hip, Hip, How!
Cub Scouting, as an introduction to the Boy Scouts continues to be an outstanding youth program sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Boys between the ages of 8 and 10 find many new and challenging experiences in Cubbing.
The Cubs in each Den become a close unit as they work together to develop new hobbies, take field trips, explore nature and work
on craft projects and skits. The annual Rocket and Finewood Derbies give the boys the opportunity to design their own rockets and cars
and enter them in competitive racing.
In honor of Boy Scout Week the Cubs participated in Friday night Services and the annual Blue and Gold Banquet. This year Pack 14
received an honor ribbon for our participation in the Goodwill collection drive.
Cub Pack No. 14 is proud of its Cubmaster, Sidney Engelhardt, who has served in this capacity for 17 years. Chairman of our Pack
Committee is David Weintraub. Our very capable Den Leaders were Sharon Witten, Judy Mizrahi, Judy Davis, Judy Eisenberg, Lanny
Zimmerman, Eva Jackler with Joanne Davis serving as Den Leader Coach. Joel Garber led our Webelos Den.
The Webelos program is designed to fully prepare the ten year olds for their big step into Boy Scouting.
To close the year, members of Pack 14 and their families gathered at the Center Campsite for an afternoon of swimming and cooking over
an open fire. The highlight of the event was the presentation of the Larry Hacker Cub Scout Award to David Garber and Kenny Haft, the
Cubs scoring the highest in attendance, achievements and good will.
219
