1980 GATORS A.Z.A. OFFICERS
President
Vice President
Treasurer ...
Secretary
... Jeff Harris
. RonBurman
Bob Grenadier
. Andy Mirkis
President Jeffrey Harris
I can hardly believe another year has passed. As Aleph S’gan (Vice-President) of last year, I played an active role
in our chapter, Gators A.Z.A. #272. In the past years we have had car washes, skating parties, beach parties,
athletic competitions, creative services and an abundance of many other enjoyable programs. During the first
weekend of May of 1980, we, along with our sister chapter, Gators B.B.G., hosted our annual Sweetheart-Heart-
throb Banquet, which not only attracted many local residents, but also appealed to our numerous guests from
as far as Daytona and Tampa. This program is always the big hit of the year. (Incidentally, Peri Kantor is 1980
Sweetheart and Adam Husney is 1980 Heartthrob.) In June we installed our 1980 officers and had our Life Cere¬
mony. (A program where some of our devoted seniors, who must leave, are given life membership to our chapter.)
As a result of our elections, I was elected Gators A.Z.A.’s proud new Aleph Godol (President).
For those of you who are not familiar with A.Z.A., it is an international organization created to develop mature
leadership qualities in Jewish teenage young men. All of our members become part of the A.Z.A. brotherhood.
We become a kind of growing family, consisting of many (and rapidly increasing) members. Each family member
has his own individual character and role, which further enhances the overall attitude of our chapter. In addition,
we have ‘relatives’ all over the world, whom we meet through the numerous B’nai B’rith Youth Organizations’
conventions. Thus originates our theme: “BBYO - A Wide World of Friends”.
Before closing, I must thank our devoted advisor, Ed Silverman. I encourage each and everyone of you to support
us, as we support you when we faithfully serve our community. If anyone is interested in joining us, and you are
a Jewish teenage male between grades 8 thru 12, then call either Ron Burman (268-0757), or myself (733-4315)
sometime real soon. SHALOM and HAVE THE HAPPIEST OF NEW YEARS! Fraternally yours Jeff Harris
Jewish War Veterans
LT. MEYER LIEBOVITZ POST 199
Jacksonville, Florida
■ JWV is more than a veterans organiza¬
tion. More than a Jewish organization. It is
an amalgamation of Americans of Jewish
faith who share the common experience of
having served their country in time of war.
■ JWV was founded in 1896 to counteract
slurs against Jewish patriotism. Since then,
it has been in the forefront of the battle
against anti-Semitism, bigotry and preju¬
dice. In upholding American democratic
traditions, JWV fights injustice and discrim¬
ination of all kinds.
■ JWV contributes greatly to the growth of
a sympathetic understanding of Israel and
its problems among all Americans. It is out¬
spoken on issues that are affecting per¬
manent peace in the Middle East. Likewise,
its leadership role continues to help arouse
American public opinion against Soviet
Union’s anti-Jewish policies.
■ JWV’s views are well known to Congress
on such diverse subjects as foreign policy,
civil rights, defense spending, veterans
benefits, housing and education.
■ JWV, through its hospital, rehabilitation
and veterans service programs, assists the
veteran and his dependents in many ways.
It maintains veteran service offices, manned
by professional experts, in major cities
throughout the country.
■ JWV, through its child welfare program,
supports the Boy Scout organization, pro¬
vides summer camp scholarships for under¬
privileged children, sponsors athletic league
tournaments. Its program includes sponsor¬
ship of brotherhood rallies and the under¬
taking of civic betterment projects in local
communities.
JEWISH
WOMEN’S
BOWLING
LEAGUE
The Jewish Women’s Bowling
League has been in existence for 21
years. Bowling began at Plaza Lanes
and is presently held at Bowl A-
Rama. The league is open to all
Jewish women of the community
and all are invited to join.
Bowling is every Tuesday morning
beginning at 9:30 a.m. The only
requirement is that you establish
a bowling average. For information,
call Lois Robins - 737-6359. Spend
a delightful morning with some very
charming and vivacious ladies.
President Lois Robins
Vice President Ruth Safer
Secretary Estelle Pink
Treasurer Clarice Schiff
Sunshine Chairman . Simmie Benjamin
245
For Information:
Abe Sinoff, Commander
Meyer Liebovitz Post 199, 115
- 3rd Street S., #906, Jacksonville Beach, Fla. 32250
