NEAL F. PORTNOY YOUTH LOUNGE
Mrs. Louis Portnoy cuts ribbon at dedication Rabbi Gaffney, Rabbi Kentof & Jerry Zel, Co-Chairman of the Youth
of Neal Portnoy Youth Lounge Committee & Eliot Safer, Chairman of the day, participate in the
dedication.
The Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge celebrated its formal opening on Sunday, November 4th at 12:00 noon. The youth
lounge is named in loving memory of Neal F. Portnoy, which was made possible through the generosity of the Louis Portnoy
family. A well equipped and well designed facility to serve the needs of the youth of our congregation and the Jewish youth of the
entire community was one of the abiding concerns that animated Lou Portnoy before his untimely death. His wife, our beloved
Goldie, who shared her late husband’s concerns that “our young people are our future” generously provided for the furnishings,
games and hobby activities which will make our youth lounge one of the most attractive of its kind.
Under the direction of the Youth Commission and most specifically George Strumlauf, Jerry Zel, Horty Gendzier, Rhoda
Goldstein, Sheila Jacobson and with the guidance of Bud Shorstein, Chairman of the Board, and Rabbi Dov Kentof, the youth
lounge was furnished for every conceivable use by the youth for every situation.
The Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge will be used by our youth in a variety of ways. It will be the central location for formal
meetings, programs and activities. It will also serve as the synagogue when youth services are held. There will also be a schedule
when Jewish children of the entire community will be able to gather informally and use the lounge as a “drop-in” center. Equipped
with all sorts of games, such as pinball machines, foozball, bumper pool games, electronic and board games, the youth lounge will
have something for everybody. The opening of the Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge served to highlight the commitments that our
Center has made to the youth of our congregation and to the youth of the community. It has always been our central purpose to
create an environment in which Jewish children are provided the programs and activities they need in a setting conducive to
growth as individuals, as Jews, and as human beings. Having committed itself to these ends, the congregation is deeply grateful
to the Louis Portnoy family for making the youth lounge one more facility which will enable us to realize these goals.
The opening celebration for the Youth Lounge was highlighted by brief remarks of tribute to the Portnoy family, the cutting
of a ribbon, the hanging of a mezuzah purchased by Karen Mizrahi, Nathan Slaff and Sammy Jacobson in Israel and the opening
of the facility for use for young people. Characteristically, the congregation will host a program for teenagers and the entire
community in the Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge. There could be no more fitting Amen to a life of concern for young people
which characterizes the family of Louis Portnoy than the sounds of happy and excited youth using a facility named in the memory
of their own son. Even more fitting, this will be a tribute to them throughout the months and years that the Neal F. Portnoy Youth
Lounge is so used.
139
