«ENTE* OAy CAM¡>
The Center Day Camp has come a long way since its beginning in 1946 as Camp Yom Tov, an extension of the
afternoon Hebrew School. Facilities included the use of the Gym and classrooms in the former Center at Third
and Silver Streets and the adjacent park. Motel swimming pools and a portable pool in back of the building served
for a swim program.
Today we are proud to offer the Jacksonville Jewish community the only Jewish Day Camp with an extensive
program for children from 2l/2 years of age through our oldest group of 13-15 year olds who take part in the
Counselor-in-Training program.
This summer the utilization of the air conditioned building for the Camp office, Gym and nursery rooms plus the
involvement of Day School teachers proved to be most successful. Outside facilities included an Olympic
swimming pool, tennis courts, softball and soccer fields, vollyball, tether ball, playground and shaded camping and
assembly areas. A Kosher snack bar with an excellent cook provided nutritional lunches served in the large
covered gazebo and picnic area. Snacks were served to half day campers each morning and to the entire staff in
the afternoon.
An outstanding staff of specialists provided skilled and experienced leadership in creative programming. Judaic
activities were very ambitious with “Shabbat” and the culmination of the theme of the week in song, dance and
drama (to which parents were invited) each Friday, The themes included the portrayal of “Jewish Roots”, “Jews
Around the World”, a talent show and others.
More highlights included “Star Wars, the Emperor Strikes Back”, two trips to Kingsley Beach, overnight
camping each session and the big overnight trip to Gold Head State Park. Each session also included full length
movies complete with cartoons and refreshments. (“The Love Bug”, “Cat from Outer Space”, “Gus”, “That
Darned Cat” and “The Computer That Wore Tennis Shoes”.)
Our swimming program included Red Cross instruction with an introduction to water for the young campers,
beginner, intermediate, advanced swimming and lifesaving. The wide variety of other activities kept campers busy
with horseback riding, all sports (indoor and outdoor), arts and crafts, nature, overnight camping and field trips.
Thanks to our staff of specialists, counselors and CIT’s, our top programming in all areas kept a steady
enrollment of over 100 campers throughout the entire summer.
A special thanks to all the parents who shared their children with us, for without you there could be no camp.
We look forward to your support for continued growth.
Blanche Slott, Administrative Director
Judy Reppert, Program Director
Edna Naveh-Judiac Story Time
Frisbee-Popular Sport
Shelley Kulchin-Instruction
beginner swimmers
Stephen Goldman and overnighters gathering firewood.
127
