U. S. Y
The general aim of the United Synagogue Youth program is to bring about a meaningful and fully recip¬
rocal encounter of Judaism, the Jewish people, and the synagogue on one side, and the Jewish teenager
on the other. As a result of this encounter the Jewish teenager will, firstly, demonstrate and experience
how the Jewish way of living, through study, action and fellowship leads the way to personal fulfillment
and growth while meeting his spiritual and social needs, and secondly make a significant contribution to
his synagogue, community, society and the Jewish people.
U.S.Y. Officers
L-R: Joy Pollock, Sabrina Katz, Laura Abramson,
Joanne Krestul, Daniel Klausner, David Katz, Jodi Roey.
Rabbi Dov Kentof gives U.S.Y. Advisors Gene &
Annetta Kornblum a token of appreciation.
OFFICERS
Joanne Krestul
President
Jodi Roey
Program Vice President
David Katz
Social Vice President
Erica Jacobson
Fund Raising Vice President
Ian Mann
Religious Vice President
Sabrina Katz
Corresponding Secretary
Joy Pollock
Recording Secretary
Laura Abramson
Treasurer
Daniel Klausner
Barry Ansbacher
Members at Large
ADVISORS
Annetta & Gene Kornblum
Chalutzim
The U.S.Y.’ers have
“Captured the Spirit”
Convention buddies say “goodbye”
Rhoda Goldstein explains rules of Chalutzim - a very active & fun group It wasn’t easy being a hostage! Scott Zimmerman is an enthusiastic
social action game to Chalutzim. to join. advisor.
The Chalutzim, Pioneers, are entering a new year with exciting and dynamic programming. Some of
the activities planned are: pool party and cook-out at the campsite, workshop for Hayden Burns Library
display, Mitzvah Day, Chanukah party, adopt a grandparent at River Garden, mystery trip and panel
discussions. The group will meet once a month with a variety of social, spiritual and educational activi¬
ties. The advisors are Rhoda Goldstein and Scott Zimmerman.
All 5th and 6th graders of the Jewish community are invited.
If you are interested, call the Youth Department - 268-6736, ext. 435.
211
