Rabbi’s Message
“HALLEL”
The cover which graces our Year Book this year depicts the beautiful bas relief created by Ami
Shamir, the artist we have commissioned to design our synagogue interior. The work is called “Hallel” or
“Praise”. Most of us recognize the word from the psalmist’s expression “Hallelujah”... “Praise in worship,
the Lord”. This proposed work of art will be prominently and fittingly displayed in the lobby or promenade
facing the entrance to the Center. It is a fitting place and theme for a synagogue entry for it suggests that at
the heart ... at the very core of our activities, as Center members, as worshippers, as Jews, yes, even as
human beings, is the ability to give expression to a sense of reverence, awe and wonderment of life,
creation, and of existence itself.
The quotation, cited on the cover is from the 146th psalm. It carries the message which accompanies
this work of art. The expression conveys the worshipful attitude, “I praise the Lord with my life, I shall sing
to God with all my being”. This verse is recited by worshipping Jews each morning. It proposes that,
ultimately, happiness, joy and contentment is found in that heart and soul which senses that it has been
blessed beyond all measure of comprehension. It suggests that we as individuals make the following
blessing .. . “Praised are You, O Lord, King of the Universe, You ordain the order of all creation, You cause
light to shine over the earth and bring peace to its inhabitants”. The rabbis propose that “those who cannot
bring themselves to make this blessing are as the wicked, who are dead even in their lifetime, for they see
the sun rising without praising God”. The tradition really means to say that a person is dead spiritually if he
has no delight, if he cannot sense the mystery of the rising and setting of the sun, in the bread that he eats
and the love with which he has been blessed.
The Biblical words about the Genesis of Heaven and earth are not words of information, they are
words of wonder and thanksgiving. Abraham Heschel warned that mankind will not perish for want of
information but for want of appreciation. The story of
creation is not a description of how the world came into
being, but a song that there is a world at all and that there
is a Reality that sustains it. “And God saw that it was
good” (Gen. 1). This is the challenge: To reconcile God’s
view of the world with our experience.
Rabbi David and Inge Gaffney,
Shalva and Asher
This is also our challenge as we enter the New Year
of 5741. It is a challenge which addresses itself to our
leadership, to our worshippers and to the members of
our congregation. “Hallel” proposes that our life is an act
of faith on the part of God. God, who sees us waste so
much . . . our time, our life and our love, nevertheless
continues to give us new time and new life. Our life then
must be worthy of this trust. Our love of Him must be a
response to His love of us which is manifest with each
new breath, each new day and each new year. Every
moment represents God’s faith in us. The way we live
throughout the year is our response to His faith. To be
worthy of God’s expectations, to “praise God with my
life, to sing to Him with my being” (Psalm 146) is the task
of human existence. May we prove worthy of this task.
Inge and I, Asher and Shalva, join in wishing you and
yours a life of health, of joy, of meaning and of purpose.
Rabbi David Gaffney
15
