MOUNT CARMEL GARDENS
1980-81 OFFICERS
Mount Carmel Gardens
Tenants Association
Officers of the Tenants Association, for
1980-81: President-Mary Foor, 1st Vice-
Dottie Levine, 2nd Vice-Ruth Blanc, 3rd
Vice-Lona Issac, Treasurer-George
Blitzer, Corres. Sec’y.-Isabelle Linden,
Recording Sec’y.-Mildred Shafner.
Mount Carmel Gardens is conveniently located at University Boulevard and Carmel Terrace, next door
to a synagogue, and across the street from a shopping center, where almost any need can be purchased. The
city bus stops at the corner,-there are doctors, beauty parlors and any kind of restaurant one could want in
the immediate vicinity.
Our 208 apartment high-rise is filled with seventeen floors of friendly people. We have continuous social
and educational activities, and the retirees who live here are assured of security, comfort, safety,
independence, and the enrichment of stimulating social-recreational activities shared with others.
Our Tenants Association has at its head a very efficient group of officers and board members, whose
goal is to bring more projects into our schedule, to benefit the folks living here, the latest of these is the
procurement of the use of a bus for the benefit of those needing transportation to the doctor, the hospital, for
emergency or other use. Also, the AARF has formed a chapter based in our building, from which everyone
can benefit. Pending is the formation of a nutrition center nearby, so that all who are in need or who are
interested may have a noon-day meal.
There is a Newsletter distributed free every month containing all the “news-that’s-fit-to-print” of our
activities, our tenants and our building.
Our Carmel Singers and Carmel Entertainers are always “on the go” -- to put on their programs for
anyone requesting them, -and many a convalescent home has had some pleasure added to the lives of the
“wheel-chair” audience by these performances. The “Entertainers” were the only group selected by the
Mayor for his May-Day celebration (where our Fannie Kaufman was selected Senior May-Day Queen)-and
for his “Fishathon”, held at Burt Maxwell Park. Fannie Kaufman always plays accompaniment to any of our
entertaining activities.
At our Senior Citizens home, occupied by both Jews and Gentiles, all the apartments are equipped with
an emergency button, which brings immediate help for anyone who needs it-and a smoke and fire alarm
system is installed on every floor. Here, all are contented and congenial neighbors-living in our comfortable
and enjoyable Mount Carmel community.
Pauline Schemer
The Carmel Singers performing at the
Arlington Lion’s Club.
Fannie Kaufman, chosen Senior May-Day
Queen at the Mayor’s Senior Citizens’
May-Day celebration-and Mary Foor, 1st
Runner-up.
Pauline and Israel Schemer in costume,
before joining the other tenants at their
Hawaiian Dinner Dance.
Milton Foor’s band playing for the “thank
you” dance, hosted by Mary Foor.
239
