Praised is our God who created us for His glory and who planted in us life eternal.
May He open our hearts to His Torah to do His will and serve Him
So we do not labor in vain nor shall our children suffer confusion.
The Daily Siddur
The following thoughts are presented by the Portnoy Family with the hope that it will nurture a con¬
cern for our most precious possession — the Jewish community.
Three countries contain the bulk of the Jewish communities of the world; the Soviet Union, the
State of Israel and the United States. Each one of these centers of Jewish population presents our
people with a different challenge and also indicates the heavy responsibility we bear as American Jews.
In Russia today one finds it difficult if not utterly impossible to be a Jew. Despite any discussion of
detente and the many calls for negotiation and communication with the Soviet government, the
undeniable fact is that we differ philosophically from the rulers of the Kremlin whose forced closing of
Jewish schools, and denial of expression of cultural freedom is part of a calculated policy of total
annihilation of Jewish identity. Whether these expressions take the form of kinship with the Jewish
people worldwide, or the celebration of a Bris when a Jewish child is born, or purchasing matzah for
Passover. Soviet government resentment is such that to be a conscious Jew in Russia today is
practically synonomous with being a martyr. Martyrs are not an easily come by commodity in the world
in which we live.
If it is extraordinarily difficult to live as a Jew in Russia, by contrast, one cannot help being a Jew in
Israel. No matter how weak the tie which binds the Jew to his people and his faith, the very atmosphere
of the Jewish faith serves to keep one Jewish. The Hebrew language, the many lectures on Bible and
Jewish literature within each community and broadcast over radio and television, the excitement in the
streets on the eve of the Sabbath, the closed places of business on the Sabbath and holidays, the
mezuzah on each door of Hebrew University . . . how can one help being a Jew amidst such
surroundings.
For us in America the question of remaining Jewish is different from that which is presented to the
other Jewries because for us, the decision is a completely voluntary one. Our country, thank God,
allows for the free expression of our faith and identity. Except for a few minor irritations we recognize
that we do not have to sacrifice our Judaism to be good Americans nor are we less American when we
practice our faith and identify with our people and their concerns. What we do have, however, is a social
environment which discourages the passionate expression of these Jewish feelings.
We are proud to be Jews, but we are not really sure why we feel that way. We want our children to
be Jewish, but we find it inconvenient to live a life in which these sentiments are translated into
convictions. We often want as a minority to blend with the major community and to eliminate these
characteristics, those expressions of faith and values which make us what we are.
American Jews are different from other Jews. Our Russian brothers CANT be Jewish, our Israeli
mishpachah CANT HELP being Jews, and we in America have the CHOICE of being Jews or rejecting
our heritage by sheer, cavalier neglect. To be offered a choice in any area of life means to be presented
with a heavy responsibility. We have it in our power to reject or to resoundingly affirm our way of life in
word and deed. Much of the fate of the Jewish people depends on our decision. What will it be?
EAST COAST FRUIT CO.
Walter Portnoy - Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
286 Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
