LEWIS MEISEL, President
ELLIOT PALEVSKY, M.A., Executive Director
Administrative Associates
MRS. FRANK DYAL
MARTIN GOETZ
SIDNEY ENTMAN, A.C.S.W., Executive Director Emeritus
Hebrew Home for the Aged
Elliot Palevsky
OFFICERS:
President Lewis Meisel
President Elect Herman Paul
Treasurer Martin Wolf
Secretary Peter Winterfield
Chairman, Board of Trustees Jack Coleman
VICE PRESIDENTS
Chairman of Admissions Board .... Dr. Michael M. Greenburg
Co-Chairman Admissions Board Brent Turbow
Co-Chairman Admissions Board Mrs. Abe Horovitz
House Committee Jack Price
Life Enrichment Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
Public Relations Mrs. Nathan B. Gold
Chairman, Medical Board Dr. Harry Yoffee
Co-Chairman, Medical Board Dr. Melvin Newman
ENDOWMENT BOARD
Chairman Norman Hofheimer
Lewis Meisel
The River Garden Home is a vital, integral part of the Jacksonville Jewish Community. Through its residential care program,
River Garden serves community members who need a caring and socially supportive environment, including medical and
nursing care, in order to continue and extend meaningful life activity. The Short Term Program serves those who need
specialized care and rehabilitation in order to return to community living.
In its 35 years of service, River Garden has become a natural part of our community’s life cycle. Its presence assures
continuity of Jewish life style with continuing family and community ties to those for whom residential care is the best possible
life alternative.
The Home is situated on the banks of the St. Johns River, surrounded by gardens. River Garden serves the frail and ill aged.
It stresses the “wellness” of the individual. River Garden attempts to compensate for the individual’s deficits through its
medical, nursing and psychosocial services and attempts to motivate the individual to utilize his positive assets to the fullest
extent possible. Through individualized plans of care, the Home tries to strike a living balance between institutional
requirements and individual needs and styles. This positive accent on living, with a variety of social, cultural and recreational
programs helps create the special climate and tone of River Garden. This tone is also transmitted through the caring and
encouragement of a professional and support staff of 180 people, providing services 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The
families of residents and the whole Jewish Community complete this living cycle through active involvement and support of
River Garden.
For most of the Jewish Community the coming High Holidays motivates soul-seaching and reflection on the value of a
person and the meaning of life. At River Garden the entire caring community must struggle with these issues on a daily basis as
it strives to help meet the needs of those receiving care. We welcome all who want to join us in this deeply human involvement.
The first place to start is as a River Garden Volunteer.
On behalf of the residents and staff and the Board of Trustees of River Garden we wish the entire community a New Year of
Health, growth achievement and joy. L’SHONO TOVAH
235
