CAMP RAMAH
Camp Ramah in New England, under the educational supervision of the Teachers’ Institute of
the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, is located just one and one half hours from Boston and
two and a half hours from New York City in the heart of resort and farming land. The camp is nestled
in the foothills of the Berkshire Mountains on the shore of a beautiful round pond, and surrounded by
thick forest. Boys and girls from age 9 (entering 4th grade) through 16(4 are eligible.
Your child learns the meaning of a way of life at Ramah as he experiences the riches of his heritage.
In classes and meaningful informal discussions he absorbs the abiding Jewish values. Hebrew becomes
a living language when it is an expression of the life of one’s community. Observance assumes a new
dimension when it has a natural setting of beauty and dignity and it is shared creatively with friends.
Personal ethics take on a new meaning when it evolves about the daily regimen of group living.
At Camp Ramah, your child chooses freely from a long list of available activities. He will learn new
skills and through them gain added security in his own world. The following is a list of typical activities
offered in a summer: acquatics, arts and crafts, dance, dramatics, music, nature, sports and synagogue
skills.
L/R: Melissa Roey, Stephanie Katz, Jonathan Gray,
Stephanie Gray, Sabrina Katz.
Not Pictured: Janet Jacobson, Judith & Simeon
Abramson, David Silverman, Dennis Mizrahi, Beth
Greenburg.
Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish purposes. The proceeds from his trust fund are used
for Ramah Scholarships.
The family of the late Robert J. Gordon, of blessed memory, have generously established a scholarship in his name specifically
for Camp Ramah.
Donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Fund, and the Sisterhood Ramah Scholarships all are used to help defray the costs of
attending Ramah.
U.S.V. on Wheels is not just another tour of North America.
It is a total experience of intensive Jewish living and educational
and social programming within the United Synagogue Youth.
Classes in Judaica directly related to the experiences of the
trip are held every day and are supplemented by special
interest seminars. The WHEELS itineraries visit the most
interesting, exciting, and diverse attractions and natural sights
on this continent. The plan has been prepared in careful con¬
sultation with experienced travel authorities including USYers
and advisors who have previously participated on WHEELS.
Any USY member between the ages of 14 and 18, who will
have completed the 9th grade by June 1981, may apply.
Registration is given to those whose organizational and
educational background indicate they will benefit most.
All USYers are encouraged to apply. Jeffrey Presser was lucky
enough to attend.
USY Israel Pilgrimage
For years, USY has been offering a summer in
Israel which incorporates living contemporary
Judaism, including Shabbat and Kashrut, with
the study of their heritage. In classes, on busses
on the hills of Judea, USY Pilgrims are exposed
to the history and contemporary realities of
Judaism and of Israel. The educational
process of USY Israel pilgrimage extends
Erica Jacobson far Beyond the formal classes; it is a living
experience. Climbing to the fortress of Masada, exploring the
grottoes of Rosh Hanikra, swimming the waters of Israel, singing
and dancing around the campfire, traveling from one end of
this wonderful land to the other, praying at the Kotel, have become
permanent highlights of our USY Israel Pilgrimage. Erica Jacobson
attended this year.
215
