HENRY KRAMER LIBRARY & RESOURCE CENTER
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Chairman Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman TobiMeisel
Committee Roselyn Selber, Charlotte Glossman, May Goldie
Stillman, Clara Man, Diane Fages, Bess Rothstein, Anne
Shmunes, Hermine Newman, Florence Schreiber, Gene
Kornblum, Marilyn Mass, Florance Berman, Eva
Weinshelbaum.
The Henry Kramer Library has something for everyone-the Tofield
Room with its varied and great array of books with Jewish content-the
Solomon Schechter Day School Room with its many children’s books-the
attractive and comfortable Reading Room which encourages you to read
current Jewish periodicals and newspapers. It is indeed very accessible
and inviting and enlightening.
To celebrate Jewish book month, the Henry Kramer Library
Committee joined with the Adult Education Committee in presenting Dr.
Max I. Dimont, noted author and historian. Dr. Dimont’s book “Jews,
God and History” is one of the classics of our time.
The Henry Kramer Library Committee joined with the Sisterhood in
sponsoring an Oneg Shabbat featuring the literary talent of our own
committee members Tobi Meisel and Gene Kornblum.
In cooperation with the Solomon Schechter FTA under the
sponsorship of Marilyn Mass and Rhoda Goldstein the Solomon
Schechter Day School Library is being readied with the assistance of
Clara Mann, Florence Berman and Eva Weinshelbaum to meet the
increased reading needs of the Day School and Hebrew School students.
The Adult Library volunteers, May Goldie Stillman, Diane Fages, Anne
Shmunes and Bess Rothstein, under the guidance of Charlotte Glossman,
have devoted many hours to insure the smooth operation of the adult
collection.
New library related programs are being developed by Tobi Meisel,
Hermine Newman and Florence Schreiber.
Woody’s Pit Bar-B-Que
Chicken, B B Q Beef and Pork
BRING
THE. . .
Whole
FAMILY
1638 UNIVERSITY BOULEVARD, SOUTH
(Corner Atlantic & University)
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32216
PHONE 721-8836
Minnie Schreiber
Chairman-Library Committee
Marilyn Mass and Eva Weinshelbaum are
busy cataloging books.
The children’s library has been expanded.
Shirley Bielski browses.
A welcome respite for Rhoda Goldstein-to
relax and read in the Henry Kramer
Resource Center.
227
