ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
AMERICA
P O BOX 23780
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
32217
President
Chairman of the Board ..
Vice Presidents
Membership
Public Relations
Programming
Projects
Education
Recording Secretary . . .
Corresponding Secretary
. .. Dr. Milton Mann
AlanTaffet
Robert Nied
. . Rabbi Gary Perras
Dr. Nelson Goldman
. . . Emanuel Ehrlich
Ann Shmunes
. . . . Laurie Benwick
Lillian Meizlik
BOARD MEMBERS: Jack Becker, Myron Dunay, Abe Fages, David Goodman,
Cantor A. Marton, Dr. Cheryl Rosenblatt, Dr. Elias Rosenblatt, Bess Rothstein,
Hyman Selber, Leonard Selber, Nathan Shmunes
L-R: Alan Taffet, Chairman of the Board;
Emanuel Ehrlich, Vice President; Dr.
Milton Mann, President; Joel Bressler;
Ann Shmunes, Vice President.
The Jacksonville District of the Zionist Organization of America is the only organization functioning
here at this time whose sole function is Zionist activity, especially the promotion and rebuilding of the State
of Israel. Our main fund raising function every year is for the Jewish National Fund at which time we plant a
grove of trees in Israel, usually in memory of a local person.
In addition, we hold meetings all year to coordinate activities involving programs, public relations,
membership, and response to media. The objective of Z.O. A. is to interpret and improve the Jewish and
Israeli position of our elected officials, to foster American support for Israel and to counter the Arab
propoganda campaign. Some of our more successful projects in recent years were our co-sponsoring with
Hadassah the screening of the smash Israeli musical “Kazablan”, a performance of the “World of Shalom
Aleichem” and most recently co-sponsored with the Minyanaires a weekend with Wolf Blitzer, United
States correspondent for the Jerusalem Post. Through the course of every year we bring in informational
speakers including Israelis.
We ask for participation from everyone since our national organization is one of the most effective
lobbying organizations with a constituency or membership, and the larger our membership the more
effective we can be.
241
