§c^Ecm^cm/ ScíxecíiAe/i/ P.T.A.
Marilyn Mass
Past President
MESSAGE FROM THE PAST P.T.A. PRESIDENT
The Marines are looking for a few good men. The P.T.A. is looking for a LOT of good parents. If everyone will
give a little more time than last year, attend a few more plays, then we can do better than ever as we continue our
old programs and develop some new ones. Giving of yourself is at least as important as giving your dollars. It
means so much to the children just to see or know of your participation.
Our P.T.A. is more important than P.T.A.’s in public schools. Our tuition dollars can purchase a great
teacher-student ratio, but they can’t furnish Federal support. In some cases, our P.T.A. provides not only
extras, but even necessities for a quality program. This past year we gave a great deal to the P.E. department so
that our students could have a better experience in that area. We have also purchased additional audio-visual
aids, needed equipment for classrooms, and even a sorely needed clock for the school office. We have
continued to serve hot lunches once a week and to provide traditional snacks for the Jewish holiday
observance. Our most recent project has been to get the library into optimal condition for our students’ use.
The manpower for this project has even included some people who do not have children or grandchildren in
our school. Hopefully, we can get some more help from our own parents.
Most of the money that we earned this year came from magazine sales. Our children were motivated (our
total sales topped Bolles’), and our supporters were generous. Some offices purchased hundreds of dollars’
worth of subscriptions. Lesser amounts of money came from our Book Fair, winter holiday day care program,
and birthday cupcake sales. We have benefited from our experience and can be even more successful in the
future with your continued and expanded support.
, Marilyn Mass, Outgoing P.T.A. President
SOLOMON P.T.A. BOARD FOR 1980-1981
President
Vice-President, Program .
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Hospitality
Hot Lunch
Magazine Sales
Cupcakes
Membership
Book Fair
Student Council
School Patrol
Room Mother Chairman .
Members-At-Large
Social
Pre-School Representative
Marsha Pollock
Ellen Schnipper
Irene Bloom
Ginger Proctor
Evelyn Moskovitz
Sandy Shapiro, Marlene Bossen
Diane Weitzen, Debby Gottlieb
Shirley Bielski
Judy H. Mizrahi
Lauren Rothstein
. Carol Schneider, Etta Drashin
Jackie Woloscheck
Sharon Witten
Rhoda Goldstein, Renee Gordon,
Marilyn Mass, Annetta Kornblum
Judy Davis, Joanne Davis
Sheryl Sekine
Board meets third Thursday of the month at 12:30 P.M.
School hot lunches are served every Tuesday.
The Opening Luncheon Meeting will be September 18th at Noon.
SPECIAL EVENTS — DATES TO REMEMBER
School Open House
Book Fair
P.T.A. Social
Kallah Weekend ..
October 30 at 7:30 P.M.
October 26-30
January 31
.... To Be Announced
Marsha Pollock
President
SAN JOSE AMOCO
MIKE DOYLE-OWNER
For Products and Service You Can Depend On! Mechanic On Duty - - Tune-Ups
8836 San Jose Blvd. Phone 733-0146
Jacksonville, Florida
