Hodossoh
Hasassah, the largest Zionist organization in the world, as
well as the largest womens voluntary organization in the
United States, has a membership of 350,000 members who
dedicate themselves to help Israel, a developing democracy, to
help itself.
The Jacksonville Chapter has approximately 900 members
and consists of three active groups: TIKVA, which meets
during the day; HANNAH SENESCH, the evening business
and professional women’s group; and SHIR-LI, the young
women’s group which also meets in the evening.
The President’s Column
Shalom,
Leadership in Hadassah provides women with the
opportunity to share in the historic upbuilding of Israel
and thus enrich their own lives through service and
education.
Women for whom material comforts and possessions
are not life’s highest goals associate themselves with a
cause through work with an organization. No society in
history has had the variety and multiplicity of organ-
iztions which are to be found in the United States.
Everyone receives many appeals for membership in
organizations. Fortunately, vast numbers of women
have chosen Hadassah as the focus of their service.
Indeed, many have made it a central force in their lives.
Hadassah is more than an association of Jewish
women. It is a unique organization, a vital constituent of
the world Zionist Movement. It has made a major
contribution to American civilization and to the Jewish
people.
Leadership in Hadassah implies two things: the pri¬
vilege of standing at the helm of a great living movement
in Jewish history, and the obligation to absorb and
communicate to others the wealth of knowledge, ideas,
and ideals embodied in this movement.
Fondly,
Joan Waitz
Chapter President
TIKVA meets every 2nd Tuesday
Bess Rothstein 396-3898
SHIR-LI meets every 4th Monday evening
Tric ia Bloom 268-3989
HANNAH SENESCH meets every 2nd Wednesday evening
Gloria Weintraub 733-7370
Tikva Group
SHIR—LI
Co-Chairman of the Board-Tricia Bloom
Vice Presidents-Donna McNett, and Barbara Epstein
Secretary-Barbara Safer, Meryl Sherris and Debby
Rauchwager
Treasurer-Phyllis Goldberg
TIKVA
President-Bess Rothstein
Vice Presidents-Membership:Evelyn Moskovitz; Fund
Raising:Marilyn Walters; Education: Grace Goldberg.
Recording Secretary-Freda Isenberg
Financial Secretary-Rochelle Battock
Corresponding Secretary-Dodie Cohen
Treasurer-Lil Perlman
HANNAH SENESCH
President-Glorya Weintraub
Executive Vice President-Mary Foor
Vice Presidents:
Membership: Dorothy Levine
Fund Raising: Adele Levitin/Jean Weinberg
Program: Laurie Benwick
Education: Claire Gamse
Financial Secretary-Ethel Korn
Corresponding Secretary-Emily Freedman
Treasurer-Jay Aronson
CHAPTER
President-Joan Waitz
Vice Presidents:
Membership: Sue Rosenberg
Program: Teddi Moscovitz
Program: Teddi Moscovitz
Fund Raising: Rhoda Kagen
Education: Margaret Fleet
Financial Secretary-Elaine Barnert
Treasurer-Hilda Goldstein
Recording Secretary-Estelle Cherry
Corresponding Secretary-Lillian Meizlik
243
