Organizations Associated with Jacksonville
Jewish Center
WHY HADASSAH SHOULD APAEAL TO EVERY
JEWISH WOMAN
Through the devotion and determination of a group of American
Jewish women, Hadassah has developed a health program in Palestine
that could well serve as a model to the entire world. Through Hadassah’s
infant welfare stations, infant mortality has been reduced to a minium;
the maternal death rate is the lowest in the world. Trachoma has been
practically wiped out and campaigns against tuberculosis and malaria
are being carried on relentlessly.
Now that the need for curative medicine is not as great as formerly,
Hadassah is assuming responsibility for even greater work—the erection
of a Medical Center in connection with the Hebrew University. When
completed this will serve Palestine and the Near East in a similar capa¬
city proportionately to that of the Rockfeller Institute here and it is
hoped that the outstanding German Jewish scientists, whom Hadassah is
now placing in the various departments of its existing institutions, will
eventually be appointed as heads of departments in the Medical Center.
A recent important appointment is that of Professor Ludwig Halber-
stadter, former head of the Cancer Institute of the University of Berlin,
as director of the new Hadassah Radiology Institute in Jerusalem. This
is the only Radiology Institute in the entire Near East and will be a cen¬
ter of cancer treatment and research for that whole section.
With the human material available, through the upheaval in Ger¬
many, the Hadassah-University Hospital promises to become one of the
greatest medical centers in the world.
In the face of growing Anti-Simitism and discrimination, there is
little doubt but that every thinking Jewish woman will not only endorse
the work done by Pladassah but will join the ranks and give her staunch¬
est support.
JUNIOR HADASSAH - The Growth of an Idea
Junior Hadassah was organized in 19 2 0 by Hadassah, the Women's
Zionist Organization, to support war orphans in Palestine. It began its
work by financially adopting 18 6 children. Each Unit pledged itself
to support one or more of these children, and established personal rela¬
tions with its foster child through correspondence and gifts. Most of
these children are now self-supporting. Since 1925, instead of caring
for individual children, the organization has established a children’s com¬
munity at MEIER SHFEYAH, where it now supports 110 Palestine child¬
ren, many of them orphans, in a modern home and school.
In 19 28. Junior Hadassah took over from Senior Hadassah the sup¬
port of the NURSES’ TRAINING SCHOOL connected with the RothschLd
Hospital in Jerusalem. It thus supplies Palestine and the neighboring
countries with trained nurses and opens a profession to the women of
the country.
It further helps to reclaim the land of Palestine for the entire Jewish
people, by raising a specific sum for the JEWISH NATIONAL FUND
hrough the distribution of J, N. F. boxes and collections on Flower Day
and Maccabean Day (Flag Day.)
In America, Junior Hadassah gives its members an organized means
of participating in Jewish life and provides a cultural program wlrch
strives to give thm a real understanding and appreciation of the Jewish
past and present.
5-6713 — CALL SEASKOLE’S SERVICE — 5-6713
