Committees & Organizations
HESED COMMUNITY 5773
The Hesed committee’s mission is to offer help and comfort to our Center members and families during
challenging times. Hesed Committee members help Center members who are ill or homebound, or who have lost
a loved one, by sending get-well cards and condolence cards, making phone calls, making visits or sending home-
cooked meals. Transportation is provided on occasion, as well.
Our newest initiative is the Care and Comfort Box. This is a package of assorted items that is delivered in person
to a newly bereaved congregant, within the first month or two of his or her loss. Our committee has enthusiastically
embraced this project, suggested to us by Andrea Olitzky. In addition, the committee continues to support the
delivery of meals to parents of newborns. Many thanks to our hardworking members.
Committee Members
CHAIR - Beth Shorstein
STAFF LIAISON -
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Judy Arroyo
Andrea Hernandez
Rachel Morgenthal
Jennifer DeBardeleben
Dena Heyman
Robin Morris
Bob Bossen
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Andrea Olitzky
Naomie Bossen
Edith Horovitz
Penny Powell
Debbie Charpiat
Marcia Howard
Andy Raitt
Charles Davis
Marcelle Karstaedt
Robin Rand
Sandi Driben
Sylvia Lubliner
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Larry Mendlow
Karen Southall
Rhoda Goldstein
Jack Mizrahi
Sheree Spriggs
of the JJC
The 20 and 30-somethings of the Jacksonville Jewish Center have formed a new
group, The SoShul Network! Please email SoShulNetwork2030(5)gmail.com to
receive information about the latest happenings.
Over the next year, The SoShul Network will be planning many events that will
give men and women in their 20s and 30s a chance to network and enjoy the
company of new and old friends. Future events will include: trivia night, poker,
bagels and basketball, Jags away game viewing party, kosher wine tasting, and
more!
Mark your calendar for a special SoShul Shabbat Dinner to take place at the
Center on Friday, October 11, 2013. Look forward to seeing you there!
A New Group for 20 and 30-somethings!
31
