I- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Bernard & Alice
SELEVAN
RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
Lois Tompkins
Director
Co-Chairs -
Faye Mizrahi &
Stacy Leach
This past January, I attended a Jewish Educators
Assembly conference in Dallas, Texas. I learned something
extraordinary: I became aware that our Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School is blessed with an amazing facility
and unprecedented access to technology - smartboards and
enough laptops for every student in the classroom - unheard of
in most other congregational schools! I also had the privilege
of helping to present a brand-new, cutting edge elementary
Judaic curriculum that we were asked by JTS/Melton to
pilot last year, and this was wildly successful! By listening
to stories from other principals around the country, I realized that we are so fortunate
to have a loyal and dedicated teaching staff who are willing to spend countless hours
of their own time learning about advances in Religious School programming and 21st
Century Learning. Additionally, our school, in collaboration with our JJC community
and the other Galinsky Academy schools, provides numerous amazing opportunities for
real time, experiential programs. It is no wonder that, while other schools are closing
their doors, our Religious School is one of the very few conservative, congregational
schools in this entire country who have shown a significant increase in enrollment over
the past decade.
As with any other excellent school, we don’t get to sit back and admire our accomplishments. We constantly
search for newer and better ways to reach our students. This year, we introduced a self-paced Hebrew Reading and
Prayer curriculum, which allows our students to work on their own level, at their own pace, and with a variety of
resources to enhance learning for all types of learners. In addition to our favorite programs - Sukkah Decorating
Day, Pizza in the Hut, Hanukkah sing-a-longs, Purim shpiel and carnival, and Model Seder experiences - we learned
about Jewish a capella song with Pizmon (a college group from New York); we treated the children at the Sulzbacher
Homeless facility with a Hanukkah experience; we danced with the Torah and beat the willows at the congregational
Hoshana Rabbah observance; and we celebrated Israel’s 65th birthday at Community University. We also managed
to find time to visit the Museum of Modem Slavery, cleaned up a local park with mitzvah hero Danny Siegel, and
attended the dedication of a brand-new ARMDI Israeli ambulance before it headed overseas.
Our goal is to guide our students as they experience Judaism in a safe and loving, family-oriented environment.
Yes, our children graduate with a strong foundation in ritual and prayer, but they also leave with a love and respect
for Judaism that will encourage them to continue to become lifelong Jewish learners. ^
We have a lot to be proud of with our Religious School program!
L’Shanah Tovah from our Religious School family,
Lois B. Tompkins
110
