¥-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
CONVERSATION STARTERS
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
It is nowhere near Passover, but I have four questions to ask. Like those posed by the
youngest child at the seder, they need not receive a direct answer. On the other hand, they are
not rhetorical questions, either. Like the queries of the seder, they are intended as conversation
starters. So here goes ... Should we require middle school students to enroll and attend classes
in one of our schools as a prerequisite for b nai mitzvah? Should we obligate our youth to attend
Shabbat services? What are our expectations of synagogue board members? Beyond dues,
should we ask anything of our members?
In some areas of congregational life we expect individuals to adhere to certain norms. In
other parts of synagogue experience, we may articulate something as a requirement, but turn
a blind eye when the obligation goes unmet. In most spheres of communal life, however, we
neither ask nor expect very much. The bell curve of expectation in all areas save fundraising
dramatically diminishes with age; we ask more of our twelve-year-olds than we do of our adults.
We are in great company because this holds true of the vast majority of synagogues in North
America.
For the past five years we have worked hard to be a more hospitable congregation, and
have become “seeker friendly” in ways that would have been unfathomable years ago. We are
more open than ever to intermarried families, same-sex couples, non-Jews interested in exploring Jewish identity for themselves.
In sum, we’ve gotten far better at the empathetic transcendence needed to understand what the shul landscape looks like through
the eyes of a newcomer to the Center. This is all good, very good... and we are not done yet with becoming ever more welcoming
and inviting.
I recently read about a church where the pastor was holding an orientation session for new members of the parish. The
newcomers had numerous questions: What does this church expect from my family? What am I supposed to believe? How
much of my time should I volunteer to help the community? Now that I am member of this congregation, how should my life be
different? The pastor wrote their questions on a page of newsprint, and instead of responding to them, ushered the group down the
hall to a board meeting in progress. “These newcomers,” he said, “want to understand what the church expects of them. I hope
we’ll take some time to understand their questions and begin to think about our answers.”
If we were to respond to those questions, our answer would be that it’s mostly up to you. We’ll offer you opportunities and
give you abstract guidance, but you need to choose for yourself what, if anything, you want to do.
Here is the $64,000 question: Can we be welcoming while simultaneously raising the level of expectation? I believe we
can; more to the point, to thrive we have to. Dan Hotchkiss, a senior consultant at the Alban Institute, a not-for-profit think
tank for houses of worship, writes, “Raising mutual expectation requires letting go of the idea that to be free, people have to be
uncommitted. In its place, we need to dust off older language about promises and covenants . . . covenant is not the opposite of
liberty, but a time-tested method of extending it.”
Conventional wisdom maintains that in our self-directed, consumer-driven society, expectations are a turn-off. But the
concept doesn’t have to connote a top-down authoritarian model filled with “thou shalt nots” and finger wagging. Our expectations
may be no more than asking you to engage in having this conversation, to challenge you to challenge us. The fact is the less we
expect of our members the more we subtly communicate a message that we have little to offer. Those afflicted with low self¬
esteem expect less from the world around them . . . precisely because they expect nothing of themselves. There are those who
hunger for commitment and meaning; they want to be pushed to do more, but may not yet know how or what to ask.
In the year ahead we need to have these conversations as leaders, members and synagogue professionals. The Torah teaches,
“And now, O Israel, what does the Lord your God demand of you? Only this: to revere the Lord your God, to walk only in God’s
paths, to love God, and to serve the Lord your God with all your heart and soul” (Deuteronomy 10:12). A tall order or a definition
of meaningful Jewish identity? Nice words or an invitation to be more? In 2013
how does this verse translate into the ethics, rituals and celebrations of synagogue
life? Ensuring a meaningful and vibrant synagogue for the generations to come
requires that we lower the threshold to entry AND raise the bar of expectation for
ourselves as individuals and as a community. As the sage Hillel once asked, “If not
now, when?”
Susan and the boys join me in wishing you and your loved ones a year of
health, blessing and spiritual growth. May we all be inscribed and sealed in the
Book of Life for 5774.
Shanah Tovah,
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
