Center Youth Department
A YEAR OF ONE LAST TIME
2013, a year of memories. A year of “one last time.” Every event, every
convention, every trip, every bus I ordered I knew would be “my last one” or “one
last time”. After 27 years, it was a lot of memories. It was a lot of remembering.
Camp 1986, 10 staff, no lunches, no art teacher, sleepovers in the park and lots
and lots of fun. Camp 1999, 35 staff, 20 CIT’s, lock-ins in the building, field
trips, specialty camps, an NBA basketball player, helicopters landing in the park
and again lots and lots of fun. Over a decade of memories were made, with
the children of the JJC. Strong, independent, wonderful, excitable children who
wanted to do everything offered at camp and more.
SS A (Sunday Sports Association) Basketball - 12 weeks every Sunday from
9am -9:30pm. Hundreds of children, parents and guests shouting encouragement,
shouting directions in both Hebrew and English. “Ponytail plays” meant, throw
the ball to a girl! Everyone played, everyone was part of their team. Practices
every night, competition was fierce. And again, fun was had by all!
And then it changed, an opportunity opened. It was time to grow again. As Youth Director, I have tried
throughout my years to teach our children to lead with confidence, integrity, respect and dignity. To be
imaginative, to work together. To show love in every decision. To speak with wisdom. To show strength of
character. To keep an open mind that there is always a way to succeed. And in the mix, always, always to have
fun. I believe I have accomplished my goal.
While it would be impossible for me to thank everyone who has been a part of my professional career,
I would be remiss if I did not mention a few. The Clergy here is the very best. Thank you for sharing my
career. To the fabulous administrative staff, our wonderful maintenance staff, and to Margo’s Catering, you
made my job fun and most importantly, possible. Thank you for your help, love and support. To the volunteer
lay people. You are out of this world. There has never been stronger or better youth commission chairs or
Youth VPs anywhere in the Southeast region! Thank you for your guidance and your leadership. To all of my
assistant Camp directors, camp staff, and youth group advisors, the job could never have been done without
you. Thank you for lending your love, time and skills to our youth. To my Center parents, and to “my”
children, there would have been no youth program without you. Thank you for joining me in our adventures.
It was with great appreciation and pleasure that I accepted the 2013 Rabbi David Gaffney Leadership in
Education Award. To the Jacksonville Jewish Center community and the Martin J Gottlieb Day School, thank
you for this special and significant moment in my life. 1 am honored and proud to have joined this elite group
of outstanding educators.
To the children of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, remember to use your strength of character, devotion
and imagination to create the most wonderful youth groups ever. With pride and care you can create
friendships that will last forever. Show commitment to your Shul and Judaism. Commitment to enrich your
own lives and the lives of your friends with strong, vibrant youth groups.
“Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the
patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.” Harriet Tubman
I
Gayle D. Bailys
