jg
Burial and Mourning
CENTER CEMETERIES
The Center manages three cemetery locations, in and adjacent to Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Each are open until 5pm every day except Shabbat
and Jewish Holidays.
To reach the New Cemetery, also known as Jacksonville Jewish Center Memorial
Park, travel North on Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on 43rd Street. The entrance
is at the next right, which is Liberty Street. The “Old Cemetery” and the Beth Shalom
section are both located within Evergreen Cemetery. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel
north on Main Street to Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and follow the
road until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Beth Shalom
section, enter through Gate 5 and take the red brick road to the right. Follow and bear to
the left onto Cummer Drive and continue until the road ends (.4 miles). The Beth Shalom
cemetery will be on your right.
The cemetery committee is committed to providing a peaceful and respectful setting
for our members and their loved ones. We have continued to improve the care of our
grounds and have successfully integrated our interactive mapping / database software to
manage our records.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the memory
wall located in the Hannah Setzer Memorial Hall, and a tribute in the annual Yizkor
booklets. You may also learn more about purchasing individual and family plots through
the Center’s website and by contacting the office. Additionally, contributions can be made
to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to
enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 2012-2014
CHAIRPERSON
Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON
Don Kriss
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Mike Lissner
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 2012-2014
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President / Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
61
