&—A Message from the Hazzan
SEASON OF RENEWAL
“When you were born, you were, for however brief an amount of time, the
youngest person on the planet.”
Sometimes, a passage, however simply stated, can move you to tears. This
quote was one of the first sentences I ever uttered to our daughter Rena. For
a new child, everything is brand new. Judaism teaches a powerful message in
recognition of new life. Midrash teaches:
With each child, the world begins anew.
We have other opportunities to begin anew. A change in scenery, a new
person in our lives, or even a new skill acquired. All of these events bring with
them the act of renewal for all. We become refreshed and revitalized; our motors
are reignited and reenergized. This is the power of renewal.
With each person, the world begins anew each year.
We each have the capacity to change not only ourselves, but our community at large. This is not a “chance”
to change every year, it’s our obligation to revisit ourselves from within. As Martin Buber wrote,
“Every person born into this world represents something new, something that never existed before,
something original and unique. It is the duty of every person in Israel to know and consider that he is unique
in the world in his particular character, and that there has never been someone like him before. For if there had
been someone like him before, there would be no need for him to be in the world. Every single person is a new
thing in the world and is called upon to fulfill his particularity in the world.”
Each Friday night we recite the following words during our Kabbalat Shabbat service.
ujt Dnñ in1" 'P'intw nnru
Let the rivers clap their hands, the mountains sing joyously together. (Psalms 98:8)
We join in song, hoping to create something so different and awe inspiring that it causes the earth to not
only tremble, but to stay on the beat! We take this journey together.
I invite you to take this opportunity in this season of renewal to try something “new”- attend a service
you have never attended, refresh your Jewish memory by taking on a Jewish ritual long forgotten. Join our
community as we liven up old melodies and create new ones. If
the rivers can clap and the mountains can sing, certainly we can
as well!
Leora, Rena and I thank you for the outpouring of love on
the birth of Rena Meirav. We are so blessed to be a part of this
sacred Jacksonville Jewish Center community. Shanah Tovah
u’Metukah, A Happy, Healthy year of renewal!
Shanah Tovah,
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
■■I
