РќаРќа 11 Рќа I i I Рќа 1 Рќа Рќа Рќа ┬А 1' РќаРќа! Рќа ; I 11 Рќа Рќа I SI ' . . 11 Рќа 1' Рќа ┬А 11 . i 11 i Рќа I Рќа
P- Committees & Organizations -4
SOCIAL ACTION
The Social Action Community at the Jacksonville Jewish Center has been very busy the past year. Our support of
Operation Isaiah helps to fill the shelves of the food pantry at JFCS. Our thanks to Mimi and Marty Kaufman for seeing
that this get done and to the many people who help to fill the baskets in the CenterРђЎs lobby. Our donate the weight this past
year during the holidays was again a huge success. Members of our congregation continue to volunteer at Sulzbacher Center
preparing and serving dinner there. We have made a commitment to be there every other month on the second Sunday of
the month and need volunteers to help us with this project.
Kesher Shabbat found many of our congregants gathering in the DuBow Lobby to make sandwiches and put together
bags of fruit and snacks that were delivered to Sulzbacher Center to help feed JacksonvilleРђЎs homeless population. There
were close to 400 bags made and delivered.
A new collaboration this year took place between the Center and the Temple as we took on Christmas Day Meals On
Wheels. The food was purchased and then prepared at the Temple by volunteers from both congregations and then delivered
by more volunteers. We worked with Aging True, a local agency that oversees the Meals on Wheels program and provided
the food and the names of those who needed the food.
A new project this past year was the ConKerr Cancer Miles of Smiles pillowcase project. Many of our congregants
who like to sew made pillowcases that were then donated and will end up under the heads of sick children in the community.
Many donated either money for fabric or the fabric itself to be made into fun pillowcases. Our Kadimanicks helped with
this project when they met here for their convention and tie-dyed, sprayed and decorated pillowcases with appliques. Our
estimated number of donated pillowcases is over 200.
After months of planning, March brought Mitzvah Hero Danny Siegel to our synagogue for the Setzer Levit Scholar-
In-Residence Mitzvah Shabbaton. This began with a Friday night Shabbat dinner and program, continued with services on
Saturday with Danny Siegel and culminated on Sunday with a breakfast and congregants going out into the community at
large to volunteer. We cleaned park grounds, helped at the TeacherРђЎs Supply Depot, went to help at the Community Hospice
Thrift Store, Presbyterian Ministries Thrift Store, served lunch at Cathedral Towers and went to Daniel Memorial for a day
spent with the children who live there. We created Play Dough in our pre-school and made bracelets for the children at the
ChildrenРђЎs Home Society. We had a blood drive and tested for bone marrow donors through the Gift of Life organization.
This year our Social Justice group got involved with ICARE and our aim is to become an active and involved part of
that local non-profit hoping to make Jacksonville a better place to live. We have ongoing collections in the CenterРђЎs office
of books and magazines that are donated to a number of local organization who will recycle and use them.
Trying to stay green, we are collecting a variety of items that the TeacherРђЎs Supply Depot gives to our local teachers. It
is amazing what can be made from plastic jugs and styrofoam trays and we are hoping to collect items rather than have them
end up in our local landfills. Magnifiers have been made available for those who may need them to read our siddurs.
We look forward to continuing to do Mitzvot and need YOUR help.
SAC CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Rabbi Jesse Olitzky
32
