V- Communities & Organizations -I
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
Committee Members
CO-CHAIRS: Kim Miller and Andrea Raitt
STAFF LIAISON: Lois Tompkins
Eve Aptheker
Dorri Kraus
Sandi Driben
Marty Kaufman
Michael Fixel
Mimi Kaufman
Elaine Furman
Leonard Lipkin
Elaine Hodz
Karen Morse
Wendy Honigman
Beth Oberlander
Joe Honigman
Rabbi Martin Sandberg
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Helen Shacter
We have been very blessed this past year to
co-chair the Adult Education Community with a
group of determined and wise people who have
created a wonderful educational agenda for adults
in our community.
Adult Education introduced great new
programs for 2012-2013 such as: Adult Learning
Minyans; Nash & Drash with Rabbi Olitzky; Adult
Individual Mentoring (AIM); Safer Shabbaton
with Moshe Waldoks; Setzer-Levit Speaker Series
that included Danny Siegel, and Gil Hoffman who
educated us about the political views of Israel
today; beautiful a cape 11a music by Pizmon; and a
Holocaust Documentary Series.
We cannot forget the high bar set for on-going programs that our Adult Education continues to provide to
our community: Talmud Class; ShaF’OM” Yoga Class, Foundations of Judaism; Coffee & Torah; Adult Bar/
Bat Mitzvah; Partner Loss Workshop; Jewish Meditation Shabbat Morning; and Monday Minyan Mapquest.
We have received many positive comments about our programming and an increased number of people
have shown interest in being a part of the group which makes these programs possible. Along with thanking
the members who make up our wonderful committee, we would like to take this opportunity to thank our staff
personnel who provide such wonderful support and ultimately make the programs happen:
Lois Tompkins for being our tireless staff coordinator; Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Olitzky and Hazzan Holzer
for offering so many programs and sharing their wisdom and guidance in myriad classes; Cassie Vichozsky
for all of her scheduling and advertising skills; all administrative support of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
staff; Edie, Brent and the maintenance staff for setting up, breaking down and providing outstanding room
preparations for many event; and so much gratitude goes to Margo’s Catering that provided amazing meals
and noshes for every Adult Education event. Todah Rabbah!!!
Kim Miller departs as the Chair of Adult Education, and the new Chairperson, Andy Raitt, takes the
seat. We look forward in 2013-2014 to bringing more exciting programs to our synagogue family and an
increase in congregants wanting to be part of this great educational community. If you or someone you know
is interested in having an impact on our Adult Ed programming at the JJC, please contact Andy Raitt through
the Administrative office by calling 904 268-4200, ext. 146.
May 5774 bring peace and wisdom, or should we say bring peace through wisdom.
Shanah Tovah!
Kimberly Miller and Andy Raitt
Co-Chairs, Adult Education Community
