Galinsky Acade
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The parent-teacher association of the Galinsky Academy is comprised of the
parents and teachers of the DuBow Preschool, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School,
and the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School. Our board is comprised of
volunteers who strive to make our schools the best they can possibly be for our
children. The PTA contributes to the educational experience of our children by
offering programs and events, equipment and technology, and a whole lot more!
Some of the programs and services that we offer throughout the year include:
Red Ribbon Week, Shabbat Boxes, Vision Screening, Kaleidoscope Day, Holiday
Observance and the publication of the MJGDS yearbook.
We fundraise to help support our programming and services as well as provide
funds for items that are not covered by regular tuition. For example, every year each
teacher in all three schools receive money for use in their classroom to purchase
non-perishable items. We also participate in joint projects with the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, such as the Purim Carnival.
Over the past couple of years, we have purchased video monitors for both
the MJGDS and the DuBow Preschool lobbies. PTA also provided food for our
holiday celebrations and First Grade consecrations. We are proud of all that we
accomplish, but we always need your help! This year’s fundraisers will include
selling Enjoy The City Books (a wonderful coupon book that pays for itself in just a few uses), a new Chai Run with
a twist, a HUGE Purim Carnival Extravaganza, family fundraisers and much more! Our Fundraising Chairs, Nancy
Davis and Melanie Setzer, have been working very hard to put the fun in fundraising, and we are looking forward to
an exciting year ahead!
Our PTA Board is a group of dedicated volunteers who help our schools. As well, we have many additional
dedicated parents that volunteer at our events throughout the year. I am thankful for everyone’s involvement, and I
am looking forward to an exciting year ahead!
Best Wishes for a Sweet, Happy and Healthy New Year ahead in 5774! - L’Shanah Tovah Tikatevu V’Techatemun!
Yakov Feig
Galinsky Academy PTA President
PTA Officers
President
Yakov Feig
VP’s of Programming
Kim Millrood, Amy Kaplan
VP’s of Services
Gabrielle Bubis, Jennie DeBardeleben
VP of Membership
Andrea Mail
VP’s of Fundraising
Nancy Davis, Melanie Setzer
Secretary
Cindy Handmaker
Treasurer
Michelle Burns
Staff Liaison
Jon Mitzmacher
Preschool Liaison
Lynda Gridley
Religious School Liaison
Rebekah Selevan
95
