►— DuBow Preschool 4
THE MAGIC IS IN THE JOURNEY
Early childhood is a magical time in a family’s
life and we are honored to be a part of it. We strive to
work with parents to provide a loving home away from
home for their children. The mission of our preschool
for over 69 years has been to offer a supportive,
creative, safe, enriching, and developmentally
appropriate environment for the youngest members
of our community. Challenging our students to
stretch their unique potential, we’ve created a place
to grow towards maturity and independence. We also
believe that Jewish early childhood education lays the
foundation for the development of a strong Jewish
identity upon which lifelong learning and commitment to the Jewish community is
based.
The DuBow Preschool offers learning and interactive activities that are meaningful
and designed to promote independence, social development and intellectual growth.
We embrace the philosophy that children learn best by doing. Each day our students are artists, scientists, bakers,
teachers, musicians, builders, and explorers. Utilizing a program that is inspired by Jewish values and traditions,
we stimulate each child’s social, emotional, physical, and cognitive development. We celebrate Jewish holidays
in a meaningful and developmentally appropriate way. Our families are invited to share in our weekly Shabbat
celebrations and in our many wonderful programs which include a Hannukah program, model seders and more.
2012-2013 was a year to remember! Our school was renamed the DuBow Preschool. We are truly thankful to the
DuBow family for their generosity and faith in our school. We have a beautiful new look, state-of-the art equipment,
furniture, a new indoor/outdoor Discovery Studio and 21st Century technology. We created an integrated science
exploration curriculum with a focus on the highest quality science and technology instruction. We hired a coordinator
to help develop the programming, train teachers, and lead weekly instruction in the Discovery Studio and organic
garden.
As part of the Galinsky Academy, we launched a new program called “Creating a Community of Kindness”.
The ongoing goal of the program is to ensure that our schools are positive, kind places, where teachers, parents and
students work together to make sure that everyone is included and treated in a kind, respectful manner. This year
we offered parent workshops, teacher training, and classroom activities in order to guarantee our families a safe and
healthy environment for their children. We incorporated the teachings into our Jewish Values curriculum. Each
month we focus on a Jewish value with the overall desire of helping families raise little mensches.
We look forward to another exciting year in 2013. On behalf of my faculty, and my daughters Cayla and Julia,
I wish you a Shana Tovah Umetuka, a good and sweet new year.
- Shereen Canady
DuBow
PRESCHOOL
Shereen Canady
Director
Chair - Lynda Gridley
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Rebecca Fixel
PE Teacher
Dina Kirshbaum
Administrative
Assistant
Zina Levitsky Greg Nagel
Music Exploration & Discovery
Teacher Program Coordinator
96
