►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A MESSAGE FROM THE HEAD OF SCHOOL
Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Gaby Bubis
“Educate children in the way they should go and when they
are old they will not depart from it” Proverbs 22.6
The mission of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
is to provide a comprehensive, academically challenging
curriculum in General and Judaic Studies. The school provides
a caring, supportive community in which each student can
grow academically, emotionally, socially and physically.
Through the bilingual curriculum and school environment, the
students are presented with a philosophy of life based upon
the values and concerns embodied in Conservative Judaism,
stressing social action and social responsibility.
Through a curriculum based on intellectual inquiry and critical thinking,
students are challenged to meet the highest standards of academic excellence. The
instructional approach fosters a life long passion for learning. We nurture the souls
of each of our students, grounding them in Jewish values. By instilling personal and
social responsibility and love for Israel, we create a foundation for a life of continuity
and dedication to the community, which extends to the home, the synagogue and the
community at large.
What an incredible year 2012-2013 was and how excited we are for 2013-2014!
I want to thank the parents for giving us the most sacred gift - the honor of entrusting
us with the education of their children. I especially want to thank the teachers and the staff for their hard work;
our accomplishments this past year were only possible because of your effort, time and love.
Space prohibits exposition, but please allow me to snapshot some of the accomplishments from the 2012-2013
school year and some exciting things to look forward to in the upcoming year:
Transparency
We strive in the Day School to be transparent in all ways to our parents, donors, and supporters in our community.
Through the school website, classroom blogs, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Vimeo, etc. - you are welcome to see what
we are up to at all times! Our benchmarks and standards for each grade are online and parents are now welcome to
access their children’s grades and progress reports in real time. We added an Annual Alumni Survey to our Annual
Faculty and Parent Surveys. We have “blogfolios” for each student in Grade 3-8 and added “digital portfolios” for
each student in Grades K-2.
Academic Achievement:
In 2012-2013,68% of Students in Grades 4,5 & 7 qualified for the Duke TIPS program (which means a score
of 95% or higher on standardized tests). All our graduating 8th graders have successfully matriculated into their
schools of choice for the third year in a row! We also successfully piloted a new Fanguage Arts program - the
Daily Five.
Middle School Athletics
The MJGDS Marlins competed in Girls Volleyball, we have been laying the groundwork for Boys Basketball
and we will announce at least one new sport for 2013-2014!
edJEWcon 5773.1
We continue to be a regional and national example of a 21 st Century Learning school in action! We hosted our
second annual conference on 21st Century Learning and Jewish Day School Education in 2012-2013 and Jewish
day schools, agencies and foundations from all across
North America came to learn and collaborate.
Community of Kindness
As part of the Galinksy Academy, we launched
a new anti-bullying/positive behavior promotion
program called “Creating a Community of Kindness”.
It incorporated parent workshops, teacher training, and
student interventions in order to guarantee our families
a safe and healthy environment for their children. We
hope to expand the program in the year to come.
Robyn My wife, Jaimee, and daughters, Eliana and Maytal,
Sabatt-Waring join me in wishing the entire community a Shanah
Executive Tovah u ’Metuka, a good and sweet new year.
Assistant
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Talie Zaifert
Director of Marketing
& Admissions
102
