Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR - Etta Fialkow
STAFF LIAISON - Don Kriss
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Joette Anderson
Vicki Gatewood
Linda Markowitz
Edie Bellard
Phyllis Goldberg
Aliza Morris
Shirley Bielski
Heather Horovitz
Robin Morris
Yefim Brunfon
Polina Koropova
Penny Powell
Moti Demri
Carolyn Krestul
Esther Raffol
Carole Feldman
Amy Levinson
Beth Shorstein
Marv Feldman
Christina Levine
Ann Silke
Marilyn Garber
Lenny Maiman
Maura Silverstein
Paula Garfinkel
Bob Markowitz
Francine Smith
The Membership Committee at
the Center wishes all of our Center
Family, “L’Shanah Tovah!” We on
the committee serve as the hosts and
hostesses of the synagogue. Our goal is
to try to make all of our members, both
new and old alike, feel welcome in our
combined spiritual home. All Center
members should feel like a member of
the Membership Committee, inviting
the unaffiliated to join our family and
to reach out to unfamiliar faces when in
the building to connect with those you
do not know.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
really is one large family. We come
together to celebrate life cycle events:
Baby Namings and Bl isses, Graduations
from our Schools, Bar and Bat Mitzvahs,
Weddings, and, sadly, our loved ones’ passings. Many have chosen to celebrate the anniversaries of these
life cycle events with their Center family.
This year, we are very excited to introduce the New Member Ambassador Program, which will match
existing members with our newest members...to help make the new members’ transition to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center more welcoming. If you are interested in becoming an ambassador, please contact the Center
office for the Ambassador form to be filled out, so that the Membership Committee can best match existing
members with our incoming members, based on common interests.
We are also excited to be reviving the Havurah Program. Ahavurah is a small group of individuals, couples
or families who share common interests and the desire to meet with others on a regular basis for the purpose
of developing a more intimate community within our Center family. If you are interested in joining ahavurah,
again contact the Center office and fill in the interest form so that we can match you with other members with
common interests.
We came together as
family to learn in many classes
such as The Fundamentals of
Judaism class, The Talmud
Class, Coffee and Torah,
Nosh and Drash, and the
Safer Shabbaton.
These were just a few
examples of how we came
together as family and there
will be many more activities
in the new year. We hope to
see you at many of them!
29
