Committees & Organizations
KOLTRAIN
Koltrain has made a permanent stop at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Hazzan Jesse Holzer, inspired by
a desire within the congregation to bring new forms of music to the synagogue ritual experience, created a
synagogue band 4 years ago in honor of his installation. In what could’ve been a one shot deal, the congregation
embraced the new sound that led up to the Friday night liturgy. Given the name Koltrain (Kol in Hebrew
means voice), the group adds their voices and instruments to our Sunday morning Shaharit LIVE! Service,
Friday night services, holiday dinners and community programs. Over the past few months, Koltrain has
experimented with different musical styles ranging from fast paced Chassidic melodies to the more mellow
acoustic vibe. If you are interested in hearing more about and from Koltrain, please contact Hazzan Holzer.
Current Koltrain Members include: Scott Zimmerman- bass, Todd Morse and Bruce Horovitz- guitar, Dennis
Mizrahi Helen Hill and Max Blumenfeld- drums, Jaime Kaufman- trumpet, Leslie Blumenfeld- saxophone,
Cindy Wohl and Hazzan Holzer- vocals
The JJC Chorale Society was created a few years back to re-engage our congregation with choral music
throughout the Jewish calendar year. Choral singers who had sung in our choir for years were given an
opportunity to explore new musical styles, while new singers were able to lend their voices. Beyond our
retooled High Holy Day Chorale, our semi-professional group Harmonía contributes to our High Holidays
as well as Hallel services throughout the year. We look forward to adding innovative song to our community,
working this coming year on a blended Friday evening service with our Koltrain instrumentalists. If you love
to sing, if you are looking to become engaged or re-engage yourself in our worship services, contact Hazzan
Holzer! Current Members include: Michael Kuhr and Leonardo Maiman- Bass, Beth Shorstein, Beth Fleet
and Michelle Burns- Sopranos, Cindy Wohl and Minda Gordon- Altos, Hazzan Holzer- tenor.
26
