¡5a— A Message from the Executive Director —4
LET’S BEGIN WITH PEOPLE
Donald A. Kriss
Executive Director
Shalom All...
Here we are at another High Holy Day Season. The year has flown by so
quickly... filled with programs, ample opportunities to attend any number of
adult education sessions, lots of activities for seniors, empty nesters, young
families and youth activities!
We had great events; we had snappy names: Latke Palooza, Sukkot Fest,
Purim Unmasked, Empty Nesters’ Shabbat, Laugh-Out-Loud Shabbat, etc...
We had great looking marketing materials for each and every one of these
well-planned activities. HOWEVER, I regularly wonder what have we done
as a congregation to build community, how have we engaged in building
relationships?
Ron Wolfson in his new book “Relational Judaism” suggests that it is a
Face-to-Face community of relationships that offers meaning and purpose, belonging and blessings. He
goes on to suggest that to create such a community, we need to turn our engagement model upside down.
Rather than spending the vast majority of our time planning events and hoping people show up, let’s begin
with people. I could not agree more! He furthers his claim that being welcoming, hearing our members
stories, identifying our member’s talents and passions, caring about all of our members is the first priority.
Only then can we craft programs that engage our members with the Jewish experience.
Moving in this direction will require great strides in how we interact with member’s day in and day out.
We have re-initiated a great service that will help new families affiliate. An Ambassador Buddy System
has been established that will help guide new families - one on one. We have re-established our Havurah
building initiative, designed to form smaller groups of members to build bonds. I recently attended a Bat
Mitzvah service where family members were invited to do any number of ritual roles at the service. Then
Rabbi Lubliner invited the Bat Mitzvah’s Havurah family to come to the Bimah... this group of unrelated
people - 30 plus strong came to the pulpit, loving each other for over 30 years; the impact on me was awe¬
inspiring. Our programs are good; in the end it is our relationships that last!
So as we fill out those calendars for next year, let’s embrace a new goal: to engage every member
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center in a deeper relationship with Judaism, with the Jewish experience and
with each other. Let’s begin by putting people before
programs. Let’s learn who we are before trying to
figure out what we want.
Janet and I send our wishes for a healthy New Year!
Don Kriss
11
