^-A Message from Rabbi Olitzky
ARE YOU THERE GOD? IT’S ME!
There is a frequently told story by an unknown author about a man that asks for proof
that God exists:
A man whispered' “God speak to me, ” and a meadowlark sang, but the man did not
hear So the man yelled “God speak to me!” The thunder rolled across the sky. But the
man did not listen. The man looked around and said, “God let me see you! ” A star shone
brightly in the sky, but the man did not notice. The man shouted, “God show me a miracle ”
and a new life was born. So, the man cried out in despair. “Touch me God and let me know
that you are here!” God immediately reached down and touched the man.
But the man brushed the butterfly away and walked on.
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
How often do we read the text of our Torah and expect God to talk to us through a
burning bush? How often do we look up to the Heavens waiting for God’s “strong hand and outstretched arm”? How often
do we look at the world around us and await God’s miracles like the splitting of the sea? How often do we give up on
finding that God or seeing those signs from God, and stop looking altogether?
We may come to synagogue for the sake of our children. We may come to synagogue for community. Maybe we come
to learn or come to socialize. But how often do we come to find God? How often do we even look for God in this sacred
space?
We are not supposed to truly understand God. We are not supposed to have God all figured out. Doubt is normal. Rabbi
Neil Gillman teaches that to question God at times is to truly believe in God. Our relationship with God is reflective of the
events in our lives. The high’s and the low’s, the moments of joy and sorrow, may impact our relationship with God. In fact,
Judaism teaches that we must struggle with our relationship with God. As Jews, we are referred to in Torah as Children of
Israel, B ’nai Yisrael. While Abraham was the first Jew, we do not call ourselves the Children of Abraham. Rather, we are
the Children of Israel, the name given to Jacob after he wrestles with a Divine being, an Angel, a Messenger of God. For
Yisrael means ‘he who wrestles with God.’ Thus, as B ’nai Yisrael, we, the Jewish people, are God’s children who are also
supposed to wrestle with the Divine.
Wrestling with God involves active participation. Wrestling with God involves YOU. Wrestling with God involves
taking the blinders off to see the beauty of God in the world around us: in the cloudy sky and in the sun glistening on the
river’s waters, in the faces of our children and our parents. Wrestling with God includes using the liturgy of the siddur as
a jumping off point for our own conversations, making time for communal and personal prayer.
Talking to God is not easy. Sometimes, God responds, but like the man in the story mentioned above, we don’t
necessarily open our eyes and our ears to embrace God’s presence. I am not asking us to talk to God. I am not inviting us
to talk to God. Rather, I am requesting that you wrestle with God. Struggle with God, but make time for God. Continue
to make the Jacksonville Jewish Center your home for learning and socializing. Continue to make the Center the place
where your children go to school and grow, the place to see extended family members and old friends. Continue to make
the Center your second home. In doing so, I invite you in this new year to
also make the Center a place where you will wrestle with God. Don’t just
find your social community at the Center. Find your spiritual community
as well.
Andrea and Cayla join me in wishing you a Shanah Tovah u ’Metukah,
a Happy and Sweet New Year filled with many opportunities to appreciate
God’s presence in all of our lives.
Best,
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
7
