Center Youth Department
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR OF EXPERIENTIAL EDUCATION
I am honored - as an Eagle Scout, former USYer, and a Ramahnik with a Master of
Arts in Education, and over 10 years of experience - to be chosen as the individual to help
take our youth programming and experiential educational programming to the next level.
I was very lucky to start my career in teaching as a camp counselor. In that
role I saw the transformational power that Jewish community can have on improving
people’s lives. Since that time it has been my obsession to bring that powerful sense
of community that can develop in a camp setting into everyday life. Whether we
are praying, learning, singing, doing tikkun olam, or socializing; we will seamlessly
transition between different programs with a furrowed brow of intense concentration,
a smile, and a laugh. The gift of experiential education is that it makes learning feel
natural, exciting, and desirable. By building strong peer and mentor relationships,
students are set free to take risks, grow, and work with others to bring their vision of
reality into being.
As the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s first Director of Experiential Education, I will be
overseeing two already incredible programs: the Youth Department and Camp Ki Tov.
With three active youth groups (Chalutzim, Kadima, and USY) serving students
in fourth through twelfth grade, and a ton of USY leaders on the chapter, sub-regional, and regional level, we have
a lot to be excited about. No matter who you are, what you are looking for, or who you want to be; the Center
youth groups are where our youth are creating and experiencing what it means to be the Jewish men and women of
tomorrow.
In addition, as the DEE, I have the pleasure of collaborating with the other members of the Education staff to
promote and ease participation between programs for all our youth without regard to age or their entry point into the JJC.
Improving upon the incredible community that the members and staff of the Center has cultivated for years is
not a simple task. However, with the help and support of all of us - from the youngest to the wisest - we are building
the kind of community that will be the envy of the Jewish world. Wishing you a meaningful and transformative High
Holy Day experience.
Shanah Tovah,
Ezra Flom
Ezra Flom
Director
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
CHAIR David Bielski STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jesse Olitzky
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center is to bridge the invisible gap between the home, the school
and the synagogue. All of our youth activities combined offer a
unique opportunity to stimulate educational, spiritual and social
growth and development within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and Youth Director, sets
the standards and policies for these programs.
The Youth Commission oversees all youth
organizations and programs sponsored by the
Jacksonville Jewish Center including Chalutzim,
Kadima, USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The
committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents
of our clubs and caring Center members who believe
that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured
through participation in innovative programs designed to
develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups,
the Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as Camp Ramah,
USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities
for our children to share wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States.
The Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue and community.
Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring warm wishes and
promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing
and email addresses.
121
