p- A Message from the Ritual Director —«¡I
READING THE TORAH
Scott Zimmerman
Ritual Director
On each Shabbos we read a Parsha, a portion, of the Torah. We start each yearly cycle
on the Shabbos following the holiday of Simchas Torah, with the very first Parsha, that of
Bereshis. However, come the holidays, there are special portions of the Torah read. These
portions deviate from the yearly cycle. Instead, the subject of the portion read relates to the
particular holiday in some fashion. Rav Moshe Chayim Luzzato, in his Derech Hashem (4:8)
explains further the concept of reading the Torah.
He writes “the reason for (the reading of the Torah) is that the Torah consists of something
that was given to us by God to read. It was furthermore designated so that His holy light should
be transmitted to us through such reading. On certain special days, it is also appropriate that
special portions be read, relating to the concepts of those days. In this way, the special holy
light of these days is strengthened through the power of the Torah, which is the strongest power
that we have.”
The Torah was given to us to read, to study, and to explore. So that we maximize our
spiritual benefit from this reading, it was ordained that we read the Torah every week and on
special days. On these special days, our spiritual benefit is increased: we receive not only the holiness that comes from the reading
of the Torah, but also that from the holiday itself.
I would like to thank the many members of our congregation who have added their voices to the process that is Torah.
Through their dedication and devotion, we have maintained a high level of participation in reading Torah. The commitment and
encouragement of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure that this quality standard will be continued for many
generations to come. I would like to thank all of our teachers for their continued support and cooperation.
On behalf of Suzanne, Casie, Aron and myself we wish the entire congregation a heartfelt Shanah Tovah.
Shanah Tovah - Have a healthy and happy new year!
Scott Zimmerman
