Special Events
SIMCHAT TORAH HONOREES-5773
Mauri Witten Mizrahi
Aishet Hayil
Mauri is a Jacksonville native and 4th generation Jacksonville Jewish Center member.
Mauri has recently completed her term as the Vice President of Education for the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Board. During her tenure, she guided the formation of the
Galinsky Academy, one of her crowning achievements. Mauri is also a past co-chair of the
congregation’s L’Dor V’Dor Society. She has been active as a Chalutzim and USY Advisor,
as well as serving on school committees, working on countless Shabbat dinners and school
fundraisers. Mauri is a member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood and has
chaired the always popular Hamentaschen baking project. One of Mauri’s highlights while
growing up at the Center was being on Rabbi Kentof’s 1st white water rafting camping trips. Among her other
many other achievements, Mauri is the recipient of the llene Selevan Young Leadership award. She also chaired
the Young Leadership Division and is a past Board member of the Jewish Lederation of Jacksonville. Mauri is
married to Alan Mizrahi who she first met at the Solomon Schecter Day School in 5th grade. Her children are
Ryan, Max, and Zach Mizrahi who currently attend the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. Her parents are Edward
and Bunny Witten and her in-laws are Edward and Judy Mizrahi. Mauri is a Physical Therapist at River Garden.
Harry Shmunes
Hatan Bereshit
Growing up in Jacksonville defines Harry as a seasoned Jewish Southerner. His memories
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center take him back to services at 3rd and Silver where he
has fond memories of his parents, aunts, uncles, cousins and friends. Harry has served the
Center well as a member of the Board of Directors and as a member of the Education and
Finance Communities. Harry is a current member of the Religious Life Community. You
would be hard pressed not to find Harry at the Center at Shabbat Services every week; he
is a regular Minyan attendee and serves as the Monday Captain. Harry is a founding family
member of his Havaruh and proud of his longtime friendships that have been formed.
Harry worked for 23 years in numerous positions for Pic N’ Save and the National Merchandise Company. He
was recruited by Sears Outlet Stores in Skokie, Illinois, as senior buyer and was able to return to Jacksonville and
work as GM/COO for Dixie Sales Company. Harry created the Fenicks Sales Company. Harry is married to Joni
and they have three children, Adam (married to Kim, daughter Talia), liana, and Ross.
Margo Ilyne Pilton Ruby
Kallat Torah
Where do you begin to tell the story of Margo? She has been active at both 3rd and
Silver and at the current Jacksonville Jewish Center locations. Margo’s hands-on nature
has placed her front and center of the Sisterhood. She has run the Sisterhood Gift Shop
at the JJC downtown location, is co-author of the Try It, You’ll Like It Cookbook, was
Chairperson for Sisterhood luncheons and dinners and she worked in the Sisterhood
kitchen alongside Annie May. She is a past Vice President of the Sisterhood Ways and
Means committee. Her catering services have nourished generations of celebrations under
the supervision of the Rabbis of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Her official catering to the
Jewish Community began in 1973. Since then, she has owned Margo’s Kountry Kitchen, Margo’s Restaurant and
now Margo’s Catering. Twelve years ago, under her leadership, her business returned to its roots by becoming
the exclusive kosher caterer of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. As Margo would say, “She came home where her
family legacy started.” Margo is a graduate of Florida State College of Jacksonville and St. Augustine Vocational
Tech with a degree in Culinary Arts. She is the first Caterer in Jacksonville to be recognized as a Certified Catering
Professional through Purdue University and The International Technological Exchange in Las Vegas. Married
to Stanley Ruby for 55 years and the proud mother of 4 children (Andrew, married to Catrina; Holly, married
to Gordon Silva; Allen, and Paula Warner), 5 Grandchildren (Whitney Baker, David Baker, Jessica Ruby, Jacob
Ruby, and Sophie Warner) and 1 Great Grandchild (Mason Baker).
23
