Special Events

 

 

oe TENN

Class 1A Day School Class 1B

CONSECRATION
Celebrated January 23, 1933

Students of the First Grades of the Solomon Schechter Day
School and Aleph Class of the Afternoon School
demonstrated their knowledge and budding devotion to
Judaism in a lovely program during the Shabbat services.
They received a siddur, a certificate and a sweet treat that
is traditionally given to mark the beginning of their formal
Hebrew education.

Afternoon School Aleph Class

The Consecration Class: 1-A. Geri Bernard, Sara Blakstein, Polina Belinskaya, Danielle Dollar, Max Horovitz, Alison Jernigan, Alexa
Karstaedt, Masha Kreyn, Joshua Mandelkorn, Dena Mizrahi, Joshua Rogozinski, Adam Rosner, Jackie Selevan, Sammy Warfield.
1-B. Jasmine Balkin, Stas Dubovskly, Eugene Finker, Leia Fixel, Sarah Fraden, Marissa Hochrad, Kenny Kraemer, Megen Lesnik, Christopher
Meomke, Lindsay Morris, Karen Poplavski, Raya Ramsey, Whitney Rosenberg, Manuelo Sall. Aleph- Hope Axelrod, Daniel Benrubi, Debra
Dorman, Dena Ginsberg, Chelsey Millstone, Melissa Osterer, Genna Price, Amy Schuster, Sarah Soffler.

g om ] SR j 4 : x

 

SISTERHOOD BAT MITZVAH
Celebrated April 30 - May 1, 1993

For almost three years, the members of this class studied
an intensive and varied curriculum with Rabbi David
Gaffney. The program of instruction included an in-depth
study of the prayerbook and its structure; a mature
understanding of the background of Jewish holidays and
their traditional practices; Jewish history and a study of
Zionism; discussions of philosophical issues including God,
good and evil, synagogue practices and kashrut.

To mark this special milestone, the Bat Mitzvah class par-
ticipated fully in all Shabbat services during the weekend. They also shared their personal reflections of this experience
with the congregation. This was truly a simcha for the entire Center family.

Members of the 1993 Sisterhood Bat Mitzvah Class: Annette Bursteen, Stella Finck, Anne Franzblau,
Sylvia Hecht, Hilda Lewit, Jeanette Newman, Jeanine Rogozinski, Marjorie Rogozinski, Ellen Rosner,
Marjorie Sacks, Dale Schemer, Linda Schuster, Ilene Selevan, Beth Shorstein, Robin Shorstein, Sylvia
Shorstein, Elaine Spevak, Beth Trager, Rexine Trager, Millette Warfield, Sally Wasserman and Elyse
Whitman.

78
