Girl Scouting

What a great year for Girl Scouting at the Center! Not only was a brand new Brownie troop formed, while Brownie
Troop 882 flourished, but also we were delighted to welcome the return of a Junior Girl Scout troop.

Although the three troops worked independently, several activities were shared. A joint “Baby Shower” was held
for the Lighthouse Learning Center in Orange Park. The proceeds - a mountain of rattles, diapers and formula - greatly
benefitted the agency which takes care of severely physically and mentally handicapped infants and children.

Brownie Troop 882, under the leadership of Beth Shorstein,
had a busy and fulfilling year. While the girls loved the arts and
crafts, hiking, singing and games, the highlight of the year was
the campout at Chowenwaw in Green Cove Springs. Even
though the entire east coast of Florida was ravaged by a severe
storm, the Brownies made it through the night, evacuating only
under protest! As a testimony to their continued interest in
scouting, all eleven third graders have bridged and will be Junior
Girl Scouts this fall. Call Beth Shorstein, 262-7343, Joanne
Rosenberg, 269-6911.

 

Junior Girl Scout Troop 5, under the leadership of Jan Lipsky,
has had a great first year exploring the five worlds of interest-
people, the arts, well-being, the outdoors and the world of to-
day and tomorrow! The Juniors tackled the Photography badge
first. They learned to load
35 mm cameras, shoot photo
stories, process and print film
and even held a photo show of
their work. They worked
together on Computer Fun and
on other badges in both a
group and independently. The
year was capped of with a camp-
ing trip to Kateri Springs in
Orange Springs. The weekend
was devoted to disability
awareness, proving that we can
concentrate on how much we
are all alike and not on our dif-
ferences. Call Jan Lipsky,
268-9225.

 

 

Brownie Troop 40 led by Beth Dollar and Louise Levine has
an eventful first year. Community service projects included visiting
the sick and donating food to the Jacksonville Food Bank, Help-
ing Hands to benefit the Salvation Army, planting trees at the
Jewish Center and participating in the Children Helping Children’s
“baby shower” to benefit Lighthouse Learning Center. The girls
jazzed it up at the Orange Park Jazzercise, had a great time at
a joint troop hayride and cook-out and ended up the year with
a horseback riding party. They earned badges and hopefully
learned something about themselves and others. Call Beth
Dollar, 268-8740.

 

179
