President's Messase

 

By the time you read this message I will have completed my first one
hundred days as president of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Although it
is only a brief time, there have been moments of great fulfillment and per-
sonal satisfaction, as well as many challenges.

It is a great honor to provide direction and leadership for the Jack-
sonville Jewish Center. | follow a long list of very devoted, hard working
and fine presidents. | am especially proud to follow Jeffery Morris, who
served this congregation for three very successful years. Every community
has its share of reliable and conscientious people. These are families and
individuals who, through the years, establish themselves as leaders of an
organization or community. Jeffery Morris is one of those people. It is Stuart Hecht
most appropriate that this yearbook is dedicated in his honor.

 

I would like to start this New Year with an outstretched hand to you —
the members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center — with an invitation to
you to become involved. I welcome your comments and promise to
respond to your concerns. My family and | look forward to sharing many
simchas, holidays and events with you and your family. |

Madeline, Elizabeth, Allison and Stephanie join me in wishing all of you
a very happy and healthy new year.

L’Shanah Tovah

Stuart Hecht

A Message from the Cantor

 

SHALOM,

I would like to take this time to wish my new Congregational Family a
very Happy New Year. I’ve had the opportunity to be your Cantor since
January. In these few months, I have become very close to many of you,
either through personal contact or through your children. Since day one
you have made me feel a part of your family here in Jacksonville. I’ve
been fortunate to share many enjoyable occasions in your homes, and
deeply appreciate your hospitality. With many of you, we have gone
beyond the Cantor/Congregation relationship to that of good friends.

One of my greatest joys is working with our youth through Bar and Bat
Mitzvah training and Supplemental School teaching. At the Center, we do
not take for granted the high level of accomplishments of our students. |
am proud to be associated with a congregation where students are
encouraged to do as much as they are capable. You should take pride in
them as I do. They are a valuable resource.

 

Cantor Joel Fox

I have enjoyed working with the Center Choral Society this past year
and am looking forward to future musical events with them. It is exciting
to be a part of such an active organization and to be able to share my
musical knowledge and abilities with the Day School, Day Camp, Youth
Groups, Sisterhood and Men’s Club. I hope that in the years to come we
develop many more good friendships as well as good memories. I look
forward to seeing many of you throughout the year. On behalf of my fam-
ily, Cantor Eddie and Beverly Fox, sisters Julie, Laura, Deena, Vicki and
Casey, we wish you the happiest and healthiest of New Years.

May you be blessed with health, peace and contentment.

 

Cantor Joel Fox
