Community

184

JEWISH FAMILY &
COMMUNITY SERVICES
Board of Directors

President
Dr. Sol Brotman

Vice Presidents
Dr. Guy Benrubi
Carolyn Krestul
Dr. Ben Lewis
Mark Shorstein

Treasurer
Michael Lissner

Medical Director
Dr. Guy Benrubi

Mental Health Director
Dr. Michael Solloway

 

Amidst the difficult challenges of this past year, Jewish Family and Commu-
nity Services continued its mission to support individuals and families at times
of crisis, to substitute for their family if they were isolated or vulnerable, and to
educate and inform to promote healthy, effective family life. The Agency
entered the year financially and programmatically sound. From this strong
operating base, we efficiently delivered a broadened array of quality services.

Our mental health services received record numbers of new clients, many of
whom were families emotionally and financially strained by the faltering econ-
omy or the elderly bearing the brunt of government cuts. Both are growing,
susceptible populations who turned to us with immediate needs requiring crisis
intervention through counseling and with food and rent assistance.

The New American Program successfully resettled another 211 Jewish
refugees, prepared for more, and tntervened on behalf of scores of previously
settled immigrants who agonized for family and friends remaining amidst polliti-
cal turmoil in the former Soviet Union.

Through our many workshops, Jewish Family and Community Services per-
petuated its link with the community.

The ability to successfully perform our mission despite the adversity of this
past year is directly attributable to the dedication of our Board of Directors, the
loyal support of the Friends of Jewish Family and Community Services and the
commitment of our highly regarded professional staff who have shouldered
additional burdens and responsibilities.

Through the effort of all these fine people we maintain our resilience against
a dark economic picture, less money and expanding needs. The Agency will
uphold its commitment to create and deliver exemplary programs and services
to see our community through the rough times and into a future
filled with opportunities and new challenges.

Iris T. Young
Executive Director

3601 Cardinal Point Drive ¢ Jacksonville, FL 32257-5582 (904) 448-1933 ¢ Fax 448-0349

 

Excitement and Inspiration Mark
Congregation’s Pilgrimage to Israel

When Judah HaLevy, one of the great medieval Spanish
poets wrote his Ode to Zion, he expressed his personal
longing to visit Israel in the following way — “If I could see
you, O Zion, I would be a harp for your songs.” The last
phrase — “The harp for your songs,” was incorporated as
the refain in the very popular Israeli song — Jerusalem of
Gold.

For Judah HaLevy, travel to Israel was difficult. His poem
conveyed a Jewish hope. What was impossible for him
became a reality for a group of the Jacksonville Jewish Cen-
ter who visited Israel with Rabbi and Inge Gaffney in June.
Beginning with the El Al flight to Ben Gurion Airport and
morning services that had everyone on a “high” (-30,000
feet in the air) the tour was a never ending pilgrimage of
excitement and inspiration capped by an extended stay in
Jerusalem. Congregants had an opportunity to visit impor-
tant historic places that were the scenes of our most impor-
tant Biblical and historic stories. Rabbi Gaffney also made
arrangements to visit absorption centers; a school for newly
arrived immigrants from Ethiopia (see picture), a private
meeting with members of the Knesset and more .. . and
more.

Israel was not only sights . . . it was also a soul stirring
experience, whether at Masada or Friday evening services
at the Kotel . . . the Western Wall. All in all these were two
weeks never to be forgotten; an experience that enriched
the lives of all its participants.
