School Support Organizations

 

Doris Goldstein
Solomon Schechter Day School
P.T.A. President

One of the most important things that links us
together as a community is our concern for our chil-
dren. We want to share with our children what is pre-

cious about our past and prepare them for what will be

different about their future.

The PTA has a single goal: the enrichment of our
children’s education. Not a week goes by at the
Solomon Schechter Day School and Early Childhood
Department without the PTA’s helping hand. Parents,
teachers, students and administrators come together

through PTA as a united force for helping their schools:
- Fun — and educational — programs like Book-A-

Bration, the “Critter Encounter” from the

Jacksonville Zoo, trips to theaters and other field

trips.

- Volunteer health programs like vision screening

and Red Ribbon Week for drug abuse prevention.

- Help with holiday observances like Model

Seders, Consecration and Shabbat Boxes.

- “Extras” for the classroom like a computer and

software for Hebrew word processing for the Day

School. ... sand tables, stencil machines and picnic

tables for the Preschool.

- Art enrichment programs like Kaleidoscope — a

whole day for the arts — and regular classroom

visits from the “Picture Lady.”

- And much more.

Every child benefits from the PTA’s volunteer
efforts. Every parent benefits when he or she gets
involved with PTA. Because the PTA aims squarely at

enriching our children’s school day, the time and ener-

gy spent with PTA brings immediate, positive returns.
With your help, we can do so much. Best wishes
for a joyous and healthy New Year.

Officers for 1993-94:
President Doris Goldstein
Treasurer Robin Shorstein
Corresponding Secretary Randy Kogozinski
Recording Secretary Nancy Bloom
Financial Secretaries:
Pre-School
Day-School

Shelly Klempf
Janice Meisel

148

 

Carole Goldberg
Supplemental Hebrew School
A.U.T.O. President

This year has been a busy and rewarding one for
A.U.T.O. — the Supplemental School PTA. With the
creative ideas of Rabbi Kentof and the many hours of
work by dedicated volunteers, we have striven to
enhance our school’s efforts to enrich the Jewish
education of our students.

We started with a fund-raiser, selling delicious
honey cakes. In the fall, we increased our membership
at open house and instituted “room mothers,” who
secured volunteers for the three booths A.U.T.O.
sponsored in the Hanukkah Carnival. They will be
invaluable in future endeavors.

Preparation for Consecration was a joint effort with
Solomon Schechter PTA and was a huge success.
Beautiful Siddur covers and adorable costumes for the
presentation were provided for the students through the
time and efforts of these parent groups.

For Tu B Shevat, we prepared bags of fruit and
nuts for each student in the Afternoon Hebrew and
Sunday Schools to take home and share the signifi-
cance of the holiday with their families.

With A.U.T.O.’s help, several of the Afternoon
Hebrew classes were involved in the true meaning of
Mishloach Manot by making gift baskets for Purim.
These children beautifully decorated baskets filled
with fruits and goodies which were then delivered by
USYers and others to new and prospective members
of the Center. An orderly and organized costume
parade was planned by A.U.T.O. and Day School
PTA for the celebration of Purim in the synagogue.

For Passover, we baked matzot and set up
model seders with the Afternoon Hebrew students.

The annual Teacher Appreciation Dinner, spon-
sored by A.U.T.O. in honor of the teachers of the
three Supplemental Schools, was a delightful evening
enjoyed by teachers, staff and spouses.

These worthwhile projects are made possible by
the fundraising and volunteer efforts of the members
of A.U.T.O. Please join and give your time and ideas.
