Dear Friends:

The importance of education is paramount in Judaism. The building of the
sanctuary was certainly of great consequence to the Children of Israel, but the
Talmud nevertheless rules, “Children who attend school are not to be removed
from the study of the Torah even for the building of the sanctuary.” So, throughout
Jewish History, parents have made sacrifices to ensure that their children received a
good education.

The obligation to educate our children is addressed in the Torah to the parent,
as stated in the first passage of the Shema — v’shinantam I’vanecha, “and you shall
teach them diligently to your children.” But, in the case of orphans, this was not
possible, and the first century Rabbi Yehoshua ben Gamla ordained that the educa-
tion of children be a communal responsibility.

The Talmud discusses the question, which is of greater importance, study or
action, and unanimously concludes that education and knowledge have priority,
since they teach the correct manner of action and observance. Ignorance has always
been frowned upon in Judaism: an am ha’aretz (a “person of the soil,” an ignora-
mus) was considered the lowest category of individual.

Certainly, the age of bar/bat mitzvah is not the end of one’s Jewish education.
Rather, it is the signal for further and more serious study, now that one is obliged to
fulfill religious obligations with a fuller understanding and appreciation of their pur-
pose.

The Hebrew word for education is chinuch (“consecration”), aimed at teaching
a child not merely how to make a living, but how to live. Parents who see education
only as a means to secure a reasonable livelihood or a successful career for their
children provide but a fraction of the total education called for by Jewish tradition.

“Train a child in the way he should go, and even when he is old he will not
depart from it,” declares Proverbs. The proper purpose of education is to instill into
a child’s mind the ethical and moral values of Judaism; the active observance of the
mitzvot through knowledge of the sources; a strong sense of identification with the
Jewish people and Eretz Yisrael together with concern for all mankind.

The Jacksonville Jewish Center Supplemental School is committed to providing
quality education. We hire the best staff and use the best textbook material avail-
able.

In addition to traditional classroom subjects, Hebrew and Judaica, we include
discussions on Jewish life today and how it affects our children. We also experience
learning in surroundings other than the classroom and schedule camp-outs, field
trips and other outdoor activities to round out our program.

Our Pre/Jr. Congregation classes are of top quality and are led by our staff.
Services are led by the students under the guidance of staff members.

Our youth program, consisting of three clubs, Chalutzim, Kadima & USY, have
a tradition of excellence in youth programming, conventions and retreats.

I hope that your children will take part in all the wonderful activities offered to
members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and I wish all of you a Happy and fulfill-
ing New Year.

 

A Message From Rabbi Dov Kentof

 

Rabbi Dov Kentof
Youth and Education Director

 

Cindy Marsh
Secretary

Supplemental School
Faculty 1992-93

Hanna Bendit
Wendy Brezin
Cynthia Disher
Lea Gabbay
Nili Grinberg
Susan Kadish
Peggy Organes
Avi Perets

Mira Perets
David Schmerer

149
