Community

FEDERATION OFFICERS:

Steve Silverman
First Vice President

Matthew Edelman
Vice President

Dr. Kenneth Sekine
Vice President

Jacksonville Jewish Federation

On behalf of the Officers and Board members of our Jewish Federation, we
wish the members of Jacksonville Jewish Center a Happy and Healthy New Year.

The Federation works in partnership with over 1,900 contributors to our annual
campaign to provide invaluable services to this Jewish community. The services
are made possible by the excellent work of our major local beneficiary
agencies . . . Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and Community
Services and the River Garden Hebrew Home.

The Jacksonville Jewish Federation also assists the Solomon Schechter Day
School in providing scholarships to New Americans.

Of course, our largest allocation goes to the United Jewish Appeal to support
Jewish people in Israel and in over 30 countries throughout the world.

Federation is also the community relations resource for Jacksonville’s Jewish
community and is involved with leadership development, Jewish continuity and
planning.

Our relationship with the synagogues has improved significantly the past years.
We view the goals of the Federation and the synagogues and our work on behalf

Marsha Pollock of our fellow Jews to be in harmony.

Vice President

M. David Epstein
Treasurer

Michael Korn
Secretary

The Jewish Community Alliance’s mission is to strengthen Jewish identity
and to provide to the Jewish community services which will enhance the quality
of life and help ensure the continuity of the Jewish people. Therefore, the JCA
will: 1) serve as a common meeting ground for all people and all segments of
the Jewish community; 2) provide meaningful group and individual experiences
which the members of the community view as enhancing the quality of their
lives; through programs for all members of the family, recognizing that some
families consist of only one person.

To carry out its mission, the Jewish Community Alliance provides programs
in recreation, creative and performing arts, physical education and sports,
child care and preschool, supervised adult day program, informal education,
and group activities. The JCA strives to make available opportunities for
authentic Jewish experiences, to develop community based leadership, and
to work toward building a sense of community among all Jews. A sliding fee
scale is available to make membership affordable to all.

8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone: (904) 730-210 Fax: (904) 448-5715

rx @ jee

Affiliated with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, the United Way of N.E. FL,
and the Jewish Community Centers of N. America.

182

We hope this will be a terrific year for our Jewish community.

Richard L. Sisisky, President

Alan Margolies, Executive Director

S)

JCA

J/e&€wiskh
—

 

COMMUNITY

ee aD
ALLIANCE

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ALEXANDER BREST

Honorary Chairman

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
MARK GREEN
President
MICHAEL DONZIGER
Vice President
HOWARD KORMAN
Vice President
DINAH KOSSOF
Vice President
NEIL PRESSER
Vice President
PAM KORN
Secretary
HAROLD BLOOM
Treasurer
MIKE DESANTO
DAVID STEIN
BRUCE WARSCHOFF
Board Members
