Youth Activities

 
 
 

USY ON WHEELS This six and a half week cross country tour affords teenagers, ages
1412 to 18, the opportunity to see many of the exciting sites in the U.S. and Canada while
living a fully Jewish life. Each bus of 45 teens has a chance to visit their peers and experience
Conservative Judaism in North America. Emily Goldberg represented her Chapter.

USY ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE This is a unique

opportunity for young people ages 15 to 18 to visit Israel. Based
in Jerusalem, each of our groups travels the country experienc-
ing their Jewish heritage. Some of the highlights of the trip are
the JNF forest project, lectures by outstanding personalities and
the Tzedakah Awareness program. In addition to spending a delightful summer with their Israeli peers, our Pilgrims also develop
lifelong friendships with their traveling companions throughout the United States and Canada. An additional tour of Poland was
included in an Israel/Poland Pilgrimage. Center USYers who participated this year were: Rachel Abramson, Bernie Echt, Adam
Frisch, Jay Goldstein, Faye Gordon, Stacie Marks, Rachel Mizrahi, David Moskovitz, Morry Safer, Todd Sager, Lisa
Schneider, Josh Sekine, Ben Setzer, Freddie Sherman, Laura Witten, Jonathan Zisser.

CAMP RAMAH

Camp Ramah provides the opportunity of a total Jewish living
experience for children and teenagers in the relaxed atmosphere
of asummer camp. Values built on a shared experience and emo-
tion reach our sons and daughters in a manner impossible in a
formal school program. Over the years, RAMAH has helped in-
still a deeper commitment to Judaism in many of its participants.
Twenty-six Center students attended this year.

The Center believes that benefits accrue to the congregation,

bl not just to the individual. We have therefore made monies
available to reduce the financial cost of relied students regardless of need. These monies are not part of the regular Center
budget, but rather are raised by donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, and Sisterhood, and matching funds
from Jewish Federation.

Two families have helped us greatly. The Gordon Family has established a scholarship fund in memory of the beloved Robert J.
Gordon. A long list of deserving boys and girls have been able to go to Ramah because of this scholarship. Abe Selber established
in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish education purposes. With the full support of his children, Iris and Franklin, who
have never lost interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe Selber Trust have been used to send campers to Ramah.

We were proud to have sent one of the largest delegations to Ramah this year.

 

LTI Leadership Training Institute/Summer Encampment

Summers are topped off with a unique experience at Camp Blue Star for one week
during the month of August. Teenagers from 7th grade and up are encouraged to
take the opportunity to participate in this program which includes informal classes
and discussion groups, cultural activities and special evening activities in addition to
a full range of camp sports and social activities. The camp provides two unique
programs: 1) Kadima, grade 7 & 8 and 2) USY, grade 9 through 12. Those
attending were: Rachel Abramson, Herschel Bettman, Sandy Drashin, Liza
Furman, Eric Goldberg, Kevin Kaplan, Josh Kornblum, Lauren Marshell,
Mike McNett, David Moskovitz, Tillie Moskovitz, Josh Rubens, Marcy Rubens,
Morry Safer.

167
