Officers 1992-94

President Kathy Osterer
Ways & Means VP Cheryl Blum
Program VPs Carla Bernard
Edith Horovitz
Bonnie Sandler
Education VP Jane Grann
Membership VPs Etta Drashin
Sheree Spriggs
Youth VP Gayle Bailys
Treasurer Jan Glassman

Financial Secretary Beth Shorstein

Recording Secretary Madeline Hecht

Social Secretary Merle Selevan

Corresponding Secretary Robin Allerding

Parliamentarian Marilyn Garber

Budget Barbara Safer

Nominating Committee Shirley Bielski
Shirley Bielski, Annetta Kornblum, Marsha
Pollock, Esther Rosenblum, Jean Weinberg,
Helen Pollan, Gertrude Kramer, Elsie Mey-
erhoff, Rhoda Goldstein, Carol Harrison,
Grace Goldberg, Linda Schuster, Marcia
Millstone, Arlene Friedman, Carolyn
Krestul, Lillie Ray Levy, Wendy Brezin,
Wendy Honigman, Etta Drashin, Ilene Sele-
van, Sue Eaglstein, Stella Finck, Robin
DeCrispino, Sylvia Weiss, Eunice Gross,
Phyllis Goldberg, Horty Gendzier, Marilyn
Garber, Gert Rosenblatt, Martha Savage,
Clara Jaffe, Hilda Lewitt, Beth Dollar,
Nancy Cohen, Stevie Levine, Diane Jolson,
Robin Blankstein, Gaye Gendzier.

In Memoriam

We regret the passing of

Idlene Slaff

loyal and dedicated Sisterhood
Past President, member and friend.

 

Center Sisterhood

Shalom,

What a year it has been, and what a
year it is going to be!

This past year our Sisterhood has
seen many wonderful things happen.
We have continued our excellent tradi-
tion in educational programs such as
Sisterhood Shabbat, Women’s Minyan
and Book Reviews. Our fundraising has
been entertaining and innovative, our
service to our synagogue impeccable.
This year's Donor drive netted
$11,000.00 showing our appreciation
of our building. We honored the very special Horty Gendzier as Our
Women of Achievement for Torah Fund. We were also very pleased to
send a delegation to the National Women’s League Convention in
New York as well as the Branch Conference in Fort Lauderdale. It truly
has been a great and busy year.

 

We are a proud group of women, actively involved in activities which
enrich our congregation, support our schools and enhance our youth
programs. We also provide learning opportunities for you to grow as a
concerned Jewish Woman of the 1990's. Since our members span a
wide range of interests, ages and backgrounds, our programs are
designed to heighten your individual growth, Jewish involvement and
feeling of community.

The only thing we need to continue our wonderful work is you —
JOIN US TODAY. Be a part of us — we are a part of you.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone involved in
Sisterhood — whether you are a Board Member, just come to meet-
ings or send in your dues check, you are doing your part. You all have
done a great job. A very special thank you to my wonderful Executive
Board — you guys are all the greatest!

This New Year, let the joy of life fulfill us with contentment, peace
and happiness.

L’Shanah Tovah
Kathy Osterer
President

 

 

 

FTES S : ww we
Florida Branch Spring Conference ’93
Front (Left to right): Bonnie Sandler, Etta Drashin,

Marsha Pollock, Jane Grann.
Back (Left to right): Martha Savage, Audrey Citak, Barbara Safer,
Kathy Osterer, Wendy Honigman. 33
