A Message From Rabbi David Gaffney

 

As we celebrate Rosh-Hashanah and Yom Kippur we may be reminded that
the New Year was always associated with the venerable practice of making reso-
lutions. We should not make light of our New Year resolutions for they spring
from the knowledge that we are free and responsible creatures, able to grow and
correct ourselves. While it is true that “you can teach an old dog new tricks,” we
are not dogs and what is fundamental to our human essence is that we are not
pre-programmed, but have the capacity for change.

None of us is what he or she should truly be. The gulf between what we
could be and what we are, between our vast potentialities and our limited
achievements, underscores the need for repentance, which translated Jewishly
means to return to God and an upreach to the highest within ourselves. We need
not remain the willing captives of the past. Life does not demand that we be per-
fect. It only requires that we grow.

It is in this spirit that I share with you some resolutions for Rosh-Hashanah
that you might consider.

- Don't bear the burdens of the past with you into the New Year. Resolve to
commit the past with its mistakes and its failures to God’s mercy and then strive
for greater spiritual progress in the future. So many of us move into the New Year

 

weighted down by the memory of our mistakes and the sins of the past. While it Rabbi David and
is true that we all live with the consequences of our actions — that we “reap what Inge Gaffney
we sow’... it is also true that God’s forgiveness can turn even that reaping into a

redemptive and healing process. We call this Teshuvah — which is translated as
repentance. The word accurately means self-renewal.

- Resolve to cultivate a character too noble to cherish petty resentments and grudges. Some people ponder over
past injuries, squeezing out of them every drop of misery they contain. It is inspiring, if not surprising, to come across a
fully mature human being who is strong and generous enough to be impervious to resentment, to bitterness and to
revenge.

- Resolve to be tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with those who strive and toler-
ant of those who are weak. We have all been each of these at some point in our lives. As one playwright wrote — “I
don't ask for your pity, just your understanding — not even that — no. Just for your recognition of me in you and the
enemy .. . time — in us all.”

- Resolve to strengthen and deepen in the year ahead the ties that bind you to family, to friends and to dear ones.
These relationships are like the rich gifts — not cheaply bought. It demands time, thoughtfulness, self-sacrifice and out-
going affection. Too often we take our families for granted. Expressions of appreciation and love heighten the depth of
each of our relationships . . . with our spouses, with our families and with our friends. We need to reaffirm the priority
of our family and its claim on our devotion, concern and time.

- Resolve to develop inner spiritual resources so that happiness and peace will not be at the mercy of every chance
intruder. This will help us to become too strong for fear, too noble for anger and too rooted in faith to be overcome by
trouble. We will, however, never achieve this unless we keep regular appointments with God and, in the words of the
Psalmist, “seek to be, always, in His presence.” We do so as we observe our joyous Shabbat days, as we celebrate our
holidays, encounter His presence in prayer and in sacred deeds — Mizvot.

- Resolve to make a difference . . . to add to the sum total of human welfare so that it can never be said that we
lived selfishly. There are opportunities for service all about us. Israel, most decidedly, needs our support. So do the
institutions of Jewish life. The well being of the synagogue can be advanced and strengthened by our presence and
participation. There is anguish, poverty, want and need voiced everywhere in our society and we can ease this pain by
caring. As we reach out to bless others, we ourselves are blessed. As we feed, we are fed; as we give, we receive; as we
bring joy to those in distress, we find happiness and joy within our own hearts.

- Resolve to enlarge and expand your understanding of what Jewish life is all about — its values and ideals, its his-
tory, its observances and practices, its sacred teaching and great literature. The richest treasure and legacy of countless
generations of Jewish devotion and commitment is available to us for the asking. We must always be learning Jews.
Study is a lifelong quest that we undertake, not only for our knowledge but also for our personal enrichment.

These resolutions, though they may not all be fully realized, can serve as a challenge to us, for they constitute an
ideal to guide us.

As we pray together, aspiring for a better year and for a better life, may we be sustained and encouraged by the
resources of the spirit offered to us by our synagogue and by the values it has preserved over these many years.

We begin Rosh-Hashanah and Yom Kippur with the prayer that God’s blessing attend us all. May He watch over
us, keep us in health, grant us growth, fortify us with courage and renew in us a steadfast heart as we pray... . as we
make resolutions for the year to come.

To all of you, from Inge and myself, a year of achievement and satisfaction, health and peace, joy and love. Amen .
