wan Vip-ne oP pow

God heard the cry
of the child...

Genesis 21:17

Schoolyard murders. Child abuse. Runaways.
Children having children. Teenage suicide.
If God hears the child in crisis, couldn’t we?

The truth is every child’s life is shaped not only by its parents
but by neighbors, classmates, by the schools,
and ultimately by the whole civilization.
And we need to face it: We are guilty, all ofus, of neglecting the children.

We tolerate, in all forms of entertainment, Our culture bombards children with images
violence and casual sex as cultural norms. that tell them what clothes they need
Children are dreamers: can’t we give them something in order to be acceptable, and how they must look
beside brutality and exploitation to dream about? in order not to hate their bodies and faces.

What keeps us from seeing the connection
between those images and the self-hate
and the suicides! Every human is made

We undervalue our teachers and child-care workers,
and at the same time we expect them to do the work
of a whole society. Education is a shared obligation. in the image of God, and has God-given worth.
Don’t we owe it to the future to give our critical attention Can’t we convey a healthier message
and our support to the schools, whether or not to the children?
we have children in the system?

We have resigned ourselves to the proliferation Our nation turns its back on the inner cities,
of weapons in our streets so it has come to a point viewing them as foreign nations in our midst.
where some eleven-year-olds don’t feel safe going to school Youngsters growing up in them learn hopelessness
without a knife or a gun. Are we, citizens and legislators, and alienation. What would change
really powerless to stop the schoolyard murders? if all Americans thought of them as our children?

IT TAKES A WHOLE VILLAGE TO RAISE A CHILD Foi saying
We had better get on with the task.

When Hagar and Ishmael, abandoned in the desert,
felt alone and vulnerable, God heard the child’s cry.
- From the Torah reading for Rosh HaShanah

To all our friends, a year of peace and good health, and to children everywhere,
Si we pledge our efforts to improve the world.

The Jewish Theological Seminary of America

AND THE BUSH OOM The Seminary is the academic and religious center of the worldwide movement of Conservative Judaism. Believing that its message
WAS NOT DX or the New Year 5754 is of compelling importance, we have arranged for its publication.
CONSUMED ‘JON fi esis oa at ene

East Coast Fruit Co.

Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families

with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
