11401 Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32258 Phone 260-1818

Community

N

Keeper of the “Fifth Commandment”

“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long... .”
RIVER GARDEN OFFICERS

A 47-year tradition of excellence has made River Garden a nationally
recognized model for excellence in elder care. River Garden is proud of its
service to the Jewish community. Highly skilled medical, nursing, and
therapeutic services are delivered 24 hours daily in a gracious home-like
environment. Three specialized programs are offered. The two residential
programs are Traditional Long Term Care, and Alzheimer/Dementia Care.
A separate short-term program serves those needing rehabilitation and also
offers respite care.

In addition, an Adult Day Care Program allows community members access
to River Garden’s excellent facilities and services on a daily basis. Retirement
Housing and Home Assist services are in the offing. River Garden is a rich
community resource providing not only care to the frail elderly, but training
for many professionals including physicians, nurses, gerontologiosts and others.

Beautifully landscaped grounds complete with lake, fishing pier, childen’s
playground, shuffleboard court and outside picnic areas provide ample
opportunity for families and other visitors to enjoy quality time together.

Words like quality time, gracious, beautiful, and excellent are not usually
used when describing a nursing home . . . but River Garden is different. River
Garden is a nursing home that feels good. While few look forward to needing
nursing home care, it is reassuring to know River Garden is available should
it be needed. Community members are encouraged to visit the Home and
personally experience its ambiance. For further information or to arrange a
visit and/or a tour, please call Dot Verstandig, 260-1818 ext. 207.

BRENT TURBOW
RON ELINOFF
RUBYE SAFER
STEVE MEISEL
ALLEN GRAY
JACK SCHWAGER
MARTIN WOLF
ROBERT JACOBS

 

GARDEN

SSO .
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH & AGING CENTER

 

President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Secretary
Treasurer
Asst. Treasurer

RIVER GARDEN HOLDING COMPANY

SHELDON GENDZIER

LEWIS MEISEL

MINNIE SCHREIBER

ARTHUR GUTMAN
IRVING KLEPPER
HERMAN PAUL
MARTIN WOLF

RIVER GARDEN AUXILIARY

President
Vice President
Vice President
Honorary V.P.
Honorary V.P.
Secretary
Treasurer

OFFICERS

Co-Presidents
Charlotte Jacobs &
Iris Spitzer

Vice Presidents
Fund Raising:
Ruth Nachman

Membership
Gayle Bailys

Services Coordinator
Arlene Yegelwel

Treasurer
Evelyn Meisel

Secretaries
Financial:
May Grann

Recording:
Mary Selber

Corresponding:
Frances Janofsky

The Mission of the River Garden Auxiliary is to provide funds for the ancillary needs and
services to the Residents of the River Garden Hebrew Home/Wolfson Health & Aging Center.
The Auxiliary provides a dimension of warmth and the significant funds needed to meet the
diverse requirements of our Residents. They work together to enhance the life of each and
every Resident.

The Auxiliary has been serving the Home since its beginning as the Ladies Hebrew Shelter-
ing Aid Society in 1922. There have been so many people who have generously volunteered
their time throughout the years helping to maintain and enhance River Garden.

These are the people who have followed God’s commandment to “Honor thy father and
thy mother, that their days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.”
They have taken the aged into their hearts .. . and made a home for them.

In 1994, as in the past, our goal will continue to be the enhancement of the Resident’s

quality of life through sharing and caring. The Auxiliary has helped make River Garden what
it is and will continue to strive for the future.

183
