Center Men’s Club

The Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Men’s Club has had a very active
year 1992-1993. We offered a variety of programs to attract different age
groups within our membership. The activities were diverse. Boys’ Night
Out was our successful card night held on one Monday each month. We
held a successful blood drive to replenish our blood bank. We offered sev-
eral Sunday morning brunches with interesting speakers. Our Sukkah
Hop proved very popular as did our softball team.

 
 

One of our most successful programs was our fishing trip at the River
Garden Lake. Our members took River Garden residents fishing followed .
by a picnic lunch. The turnout was gratifying and the response from our Neil Sandler President

 

‘fishing buddies’ positive. Other successful activities were our repairing 1993-94 Officers

the campground kitchen, a Men’s Club Shabbot and many other smaller preadea Nail Sandler

service projects around the Center.. WROD NOEICon amy «rete. Slaulin
Each Friday evening, when there is a Bar or Bat Mitzvah, our Men’s Secretary Barry Schuster

Club presents a book in honor of the occasion. This has proved to be a Tyeacyrer Ken Organes

very important activity, one we hope will continue for a long time. Also, Board Evocuehnnan

along the same lines, we sponsor the Golden Kippa awards each year. Bob Bossen

All of these activities and sponsorships cost money. We raise our funds Joe Shacter
in two ways. First, our dues are a major source of funding for our projects. Past President Ira Grann
Without your support, some of our programs would have to be curtailed.
The most successful fund raiser and project we are involved in is our Yom
Ha Shoah candle project. Since its inception a few years ago, we have
raised thousands of dollars to support various projects here at the Center.

Edad

Active, yes. A closed organization-far from it. We need men who want
to make a difference in the life of our synagogue as well as enrich their
own lives. Becoming active in our Men’s Club is one of the best ways a
father can set a positive example for his kids. Please join us for a year of
fun and good works. You'll be pleased you got involved.

is A
Bite tg gt hed

 

Sincerely, Men’s Club carpenters rebuilt the
Neil Sandler Campsite Snack Bar.

 

Distributing the Annual Yom Ha Shoah Candles. Men’s Club Fishing Day at River Garden.

 

Frying latkes at the Hanukkah Carnival. Volunteering? There’s nothin’ to it!

29
