Special Events
Four Members Honored on Simhat Torah, October 20

Ed Bernard is a hard working guy. He worked with Briar-
wood Builders for over 25 years and ran Beauclerc Utilities
at the same time. It didn’t leave him much time for volun-
teer work. Now Ed is more than making up for it. As Chair-
man of the House Committee, Ed works closely with
maintenance staff to see that the building is in good order.
Applying his experience as an electrical engineer, Ed
spends two days a week at the Center, analyzing and
repairing difficult problems. If there’s a way to do a job
| faster and more economically, Ed knows how. He has
EDWARD BERNARD saved the Center untold man-hours and kept the mainte-
Hatan Torah nance expenses down. The honor of Hatan Torah is an
appropriate symbol of our appreciation for the devotion Ed
Bernard has shown for the welfare of this congregation.

 

Our Hatan Bereshit Stuart Hecht is being honored for his
commitment to the synagogue. Seven years ago Stuart
gave up his community activities to devote his entire volun-
teer energies to the Center. He quickly became an active
member and then co-chair of the house and
finance committees where he was able to share his business
expertise on a regular basis. Working with and chairing
these two important committees Stuart has helped the Cen-
ter become an efficiently run and financially stable syna-
gogue. Stuart was installed as President in June, 1993. We
honor Stuart on Simhat Torah for his dedication to our syn- STUART HECHT

agogue. Hatan Bereshit

 

Charlotte Fialkow shares the honor of Woman of Valor,
which is so telling of her willingness to also share responsi-
bility. It is a tradition she carries forward from her parents
Max and Bessie Kose, who taught her service and devotion
to the Center. She has admirably instilled these virtues in
her daughter, Etta Drashin. A number of years ago, Char-
lotte took over the administration of the cemetery with
Blanche Slott. Through her efforts, the records are complete
| ie and accurate, no small task. Charlotte has kept the books

ie ____| for the past three years for the Center’s major fund raiser,
CHARLOTTE FIALKOW __ the Annual Raffle. This native of Jacksonville and relative to
Woman of Valor most of our congregants, richly deserves the title of Woman
of Valor.

 

Betty Rose is truly a Woman of Valor. She is a loving wife
and mother and a devoted grandmother, who imparts wis-
dom with patience and pride. Betty expresses her loyalty to
the Center in hundreds of little ways that add up to a
tremendous job well done. She sends out yahrzeit notices,
updates addressograph plates, prepares High Holiday tick-
ets, cares for the prayer books, answers the phone and so
much more. No job is too big, nor too small, to receive her
careful attention. Betty makes work that much nicer for the
Center staff because she can be depended on for help, a
smile and an encouraging word. Betty comes by her service BETTY ROSE
to the synagogue naturally. Her mother, Bertha Sager, was Woman of Valor
a Sisterhood President, and so was Betty. Her tireless efforts

are greatly appreciated.

 

JUL
