Rabbinic Ordination of Martin Berman
RABBI MARTIN BERMAN
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to announce
the Rabbinic Ordination of Martin Berman at the Jewish
Theological Seminary on Sunday, May 15, 1977. The
religious schools of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
provided him with much of his early Jewish background. He
attended Jewish Center schools from 3y2 years of age
through Confirmation.
According to Martin, “two of the men who provided me
with a fine example of the study of Torah and with a devoted
pattern of Jewish living were my teachers at the Center,
Ted Gross and Philip Selber.” During his pre-teens and
early teenage years, he was a member of the Center’s
Troop 14 Boy Scouts of America. He was also an active
member of U.S.Y. In his senior year he was elected
President of the chapter. From age 14 until recently he
spent his summers at Camp Ramah both as a camper and
later as a staff member. “Probably more than anything else
my experiences at Camp Ramah influenced me into taking
the course of life upon which I am presently embarking,” he
said.
Martin attended Yeshiva University receiving a B.A. in
Psychology in 1972. That same year he received an A.A.
from the James Striar School of Jewish Studies. He entered
the Jewish Theological Seminary of America and received
an M.A. in Rabbinics in 1975. On May 15, 1977 his long
awaited dream was fulfilled when he was granted Rabbinic
Ordination. He is married to the former Marilyn Gottlieb of
St. Louis Park, Minnesota, and they have a young son,
Etan.
The entire Center Family extends congratulations to
his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Berman; grandparents,
Mrs. Louis Wolfson and Mr. Sam Berman, as well as the
other members of the family.
On August 1, 1977 Rabbi Martin Berman became the
spiritual leader of Shaare Zion Synagogue in Sioux City,
Iowa.
SPECIAL PRESENTATION
Sisterhood card party proceeds were used to purchase
silver pieces for the Center. Sheldon Gendzier accepts
from Mrs. Byron Morris and Mrs. Jack Dorman. Not shown
are Mrs. Harold Baumgarten and Mrs. Martin Brown.
Mrs. Byron Morris and Mrs. Walter Kraemer presenting
silver serving pieces to Sheldon Gendzier, President of the
Jewish Center from the Confirmation Classes of 1969 and
1972.
21
