SIMHAT TORAH CELEBRATION — SUNDAY, OCTOBER 17. 1976
CONGREGATION TO HONOR THREE LEADERS FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE
Simhat Torah, the happiest holiday in the Jewish calendar is celebrated to display our joy and plQiiiire
of the Torah.
Each week on the Sabbath a portion from the Torah is read at Services. In that way it takes an en¬
tire year to complete the readings from the five books in the Torah. On Simhat Torah the last chapter is
completed and we start again from the beginning to repeat the cycle for another year of Torah reading and
study. This procedure is in keeping with the idea that Torah study is endless as well as continually enlightening.
A special ceremony marks this event on Simhat Torah. Two persons are called to the Torah. One is
called Hatan Torah (Bridegroom of the Torah) for the concluding section and the other is called Hatan
Bereshit (Bridegroom of the Beginning) to start the cycle over again.
Four years ago a custom was begun at the Jacksonville Jewish Center to honor individuals, for their
special service to our congregation and Jewish life. Simhat Torah has been designated as the official oc¬
casion for this recognition.
SAM THIER
Hata Torah
This year Sam Thier will receive
the honor of the Hatan Torah
(Bridegroom of the Torah). Sam
has served the Jewish Center as a
member and chairman of many
committees including Membership,
Religious, Education, Executive.
He currently serves as a co-chair¬
man of the Cemetery Committee.
His personal devotion and commit¬
ment to Jewish values is demon¬
strated by his participation in daily
minyan and Shabbat and Holiday
services. He is especially devoted
to the men and women at River
Garden Home For The Aged and
his traditional “davening” at Minha
Services on Yom Kippur at the
Center is an inspiration for the
entire congregation.
A beautiful Jewish legend has it
that the world exists by reason of
36 righteous people who by their
tenderness, modesty and dignity the
community is sustained.
Sam Thier is a rare person who
succeeds in creating an atmosphere
and aura with the ability to inspire
others by a sense of presence.
Through him an entire community
is elevated.
JACK F. SHORSTEIN
Hatan Bereshit
Selected to receive the honor of
Hata Bereshit (Bridegroom of the
Begining) is Jack F. Shorstein. He
has searved the Jewish Center in in¬
numerable ways including Chai?-
man of the Education Committee,
Vice President, President and
Chairman of the Board. Along with
his brother “Buddy” he is currently
intensely involved with the “Ain
Breirá” Building Fund Campaign.
For many years the dream of a
new Jacksonville Jewish Center on
San Jose Blvd. was in the hearts
and minds of our members. As a
result of Jack Shorstein’s committ¬
ment, determination, and persever¬
ance, steps were initiated to make
the dream become a reality. He
organized the Building Fund Cam¬
paign while at the same time serv¬
ing as president of the Center.
The success of the early campaign
enabled the Architect’s Committee
to proceed with the design and con¬
struction of the new facility.
All of us — present and future
generations —« are grateful to Jack
Shorstein for his courage* devotion
and complete dedication to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
MRS. MEL ESMAN
Womqn of Valor
“Her children nap up 9nd call her blessed;
Her husband also, and be praiseth her;
Many daughters have done valiantly,
But thou exoelleet them all.”
Proverbs 31:28-29
Carole Esman, Chairperson of the
Education Committee, has devoted
tireless energy and creativity to ad¬
vance the educational opportunities
for our children in the Nursery and
Kindergarten, Solomon Schechter
Day School, Hebrew School, Hebrew
High School, Sunday School, Junior
Congregation and Bar/Bat Mitzvah
Programs.
Quality education for our chil¬
dren — the study of Torah is her
highest priority. In recognition of
her remarkable achievements she
was elected as the first woman vice-
president in our synagogue’s history.
In addition to her concern for
education, she has been intensely
involved with fund raising activities
providing additional sums of money
to finance the ever increasing de¬
mands of quality education.
Carole Esman has been chosen to
receive the “Woman of Valor”
Award because of her extraordinary
service to our congregation.
Services on Sunday morning will begin at 9:00 A.M. and will include Hakafot (the procession of the
Torah Scrolls). A reception honoring Sam Thier, Jack F. Shorstein and Carole Esman will be held imme¬
diately following services.
The entire congregation extends congratulations to Sam and Runny Thier, Jack and Sylvia Shorstein
and Carole and Mel Esman and their families 'bn this very special moment in their lives.
25
