MESSAGE FROM THE RABBI
Dear Friends:
Physical fitness has become something of a cult in
American life. Nowadays almost everyone we know is
walking, jogging or exercising in one way or another, either
before work or after dinner. Yoga, swimming and tennis are
more popular than ever before. Diet books sell as well as
cookbooks and most of our friends watch what as well as
how much they eat. I know I am trying. The sports crowd is
huge and the arena and stadium is as much an "in place” to
be as is (or was) the concert or lecture hall. We, in the
Jewish community, share these environs with all.
It isn’t an altogether new phenomenom for Jews. While
we have never been distinguished as a community of
"jocks” — saychel was more an achievement than muscle,
the Jewish world of pre-Maccabean and Maccabean times
was divided between the Hellenists and the Hassidim or
committed Hebraists. The former, which probably
outnumbered the latter, were exponents and devotees of
Greek culture with its heavy emphasis on the "body
beautiful”, phyical fitness and athletics. If complaints found
in Jewish literature of that period are to be believed, many
seemed to flock to the ancient equivalents of the Dolphin or Gator games as went to Shul. And undoubtedly, many in the
community clucked their tongues disapprovingly and said “What will become of the next generation?”
The French have a phrase for it: “The more things change, the more they remain the same.”
What would we have done if we lived in those ancient days? A fast chariot race in the stadium or probing the wisdom of an
ancient Jewish text? Who knows? But this we do know, we would not be here as Jews, nor would our children if the Jewish
community of 168 B.C.E. did not number in its ranks some zealous Hebraists who thought the “Shema” more precious than the
“shvitz”. Certainly history informs us that a goodly number were prepared to lay down their lives for Torah, prayer, Jewish life
and all it represents.
And this is where the synagogue comes in. If the Jews are a healthy, “passionate people” as one author recently suggested, it
is because these passions were directed towards something eternal, something lasting, something more than the ephemeral
interest in something passive. We are a people that shows a genius for surviving, a readiness to score points for God, for Torah,
for love of life, for moral purposes and for a tradition which edifies and makes for Menshlicheit out of the raw, unformed clay
which can, when activated, become human. The synagogue is the scene of this passion. It is the yearning of consciousness
against the marketplace of adulterated values. It is where the great stages of life from birth to death are witnessed. It is the setting
in which the fellowship of our people becomes a family and where Judaism can become the joyful experience it can be for
ourselves and our children.
This is our synagogue. It represents the future promise only if we are committed, as we, who are here as Jews today, give
meaning to the lives of those ancient Hebraists. Let us if we must continue to exercise muscle, watching weight and waistline. Let
us not forget, however, that the soul and spirit need their exercise too.
Inge, the family and I wish you and yours the blessing of a happy and healthy New Year —
and peace.
a life of contentment, fulfillment
Rabbi David Gaffney
31
