Message From The President
Sheldon Gendzier
Once again, the Jacksonville Jewish Center faces a
critical year.
The move to our new home, the climax of years of
hoping and striving, presented new problems of
unprecedented magnitude. These problems must be
solved so that we can go on with the proper goals of our
institution.
Last year we faced absolute crisis. The debt for the
building appeared overwhelming, the accumulated
operating deficit was at an all time and virtually
unmanageable level, and the operating budget was still
unbalanced.
A dedicated group took the story of the needs of the
Building Fund to the congregation first as a whole and then
to the individual members. A sufficient number responded
to avert the crisis. We have not solved the problem, but we
now have orderly plans by which with continued
congregational support our obligations can be met. The
crisis was very real and required the efforts of a large part of
the leadership to the exclusion of other worthwhile goals.
We asked for substantial increases in dues. Enough
responded so that by adopting an attitude of extreme
frugality in regard to expenditures we could defer the
problem of the operating budget until this year. Now this
problem must be resolved.
During this year we must show an appreciable
reduction in the accumulated deficit. We must increase
income to cover the expenditures necessary to accomplish
our program.
We have deferred salary increases for one year. We
are going to have another year of frugality toward
expenditures. We must convince those members who did
not do so last year to accept their fair share of our budget
burden through an increase in dues.
We cannot allow ourselves to continue to operate in
this manner. We expect commitment from our staff and
they are entitled to equitable compensation. We cannot
forever defer essential expenses. We cannot allow
ourselves to starve vital programs.
Proper financing is an absolutely necessary means to
an end. But, it is the means - not the end. We must place
the leadership of this institution to give time and attention to
those ends instead of concentrating on financing.
We, as an institution, have many obligations. We must
meet the religious needs of our members. We must provide
Jewish education for our children. We must provide
activities that will strengthen the ties of our youth toward
Judaism. We must provide social, cultural and educational
opportunities for our adult congregants as well as for our
children and youth. Operating within the philosophy of the
Conservative Movement, we must be a force for Judaism
for our congregants, among all Jews, and within the general
community.
We should be setting goals and working towards them.
It is clear that our success depends on participation by
members of the congregation. Staff can guide, staff can
assist, but staff cannot accomplish the goals of the Center.
An involved participating membership is mandatory.
It is our hope and it can be a realistic hope that the next
President of the Center can write his message next year
concentrating on the programs and the valid goals of this
institution.
Sheldon Gendzier
41
