Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood
President Ellen Freedman
Vice Presidents
Cultural Phyllis Portnoy
Membership Carole Jaffe
Ways and Means AnnettaKornblum
Youth Wendy Honigman
Secretaries
Corresponding Phyllis Strumlauf
Financial RitaStearman
Recording Betty Gray
Social Sonya Morris
Treasurer Rita Baumgarten
Parliamentarian Arlene Zel
“Hazak Ve’Ematz Me’od, Be Strong and Very
Courageous” (from Joshua 1.7) is our theme for a second
year. As Joshua leads the nation into the Promised Land, he
is charged with a tremendous task. He is faced with a
strenuous military campaign and must also remain faithful
to God’s moral law, which requires greater strength of
character and steadfastness of purpose than any military
conquest.
If there is to be a future for our descendants, greater
strength of character and steadfastness of purpose is also
required of us. Active participation in Sisterhood can be the
first step in securing our Jewish future. Through our
programs and projects we offer a variety of religious,
educational, social, cultural, and recreational activities.
Members are kept informed through a monthly newsletter,
Sisterhood Chai-Lites.
This year the Center Sisterhood sponsored Art 77 as
well as the sale of calendars, cookbooks with favorite
recipes of our own members, key chains, New Year cards,
and silver polish. For donor we held a “kitchen shower” to
raise funds for our Building Fund pledge to pay for the
kitchen. We completed our third Sisterhood tablecloth with
the names of members and their families beautifully
designed and embroidered. We sponsored holiday
observances for Simhat Torah, Hanukkah, Purim, and
Pesach. We provided leadership for Brownies and Girl
Scouts, and we welcomed the Seventeenth Annual Spring
Conference of the Florida Branch of Women’s League for
Conservative Judaism to our community April 24 — 27. It
was the first time the conference had been held in the
northern part of the state in eleven years!
The last feather in our cap was oversubscribing our
Torah Fund quota by $1,000. This enables our Sisterhood
to be listed on the Patron Founders Plaque of the newly
opened Mathilde Schechter Residence Hall. The opening of
this dormitory last fall marked the realization of an eighteen
year dream and campaign to provide a suitable place for
women to live while they attend classes at the Jewish
Theological Seminary in New York. Our own Karen
Mizrahi is one of the first year residents.
As we begin our fifty-third year of Sisterhood, we boast
a membership of more than four hundred women. Join us
this year in Sisterhood activities. There’s a place waiting for
you! Together we will work to achieve the continuity for
Jewish survival. It depends on each of us.
57
