GIRL SCOUT TROOP 162
BROWNIES
Brownie Troop #147 had a marvelous year with 15
enthusiastic second and third graders. Although the
majority of the girls attended the Solomon Schechter Day
School, we also had a representative group from Beauclerc
and Hendricks Avenue schools.
The Troop was under the leadership of Ellen Schnipper
and Marcia Selmanoff who kept the Brownies very busy
with varied activities including crafts, painting and sewing.
Monthly birthdays were celebrated with special
“goodies” a la Dunkin’ Donuts. Trips included a visit to the
Schnipper home where the girls picked oranges and
participated in International Scout Day at which time the
girls gave a performance of Israeli dancing.
GIRL SCOUTS
The Girl Scouts of Troop 162 met in the white house on
the Center Campsite every Tuesday from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m.
We did a lot of interesting activities including a visit to a
ranch owned by a Cadet Troop Leader. We learned all
about horses - the parts of their bodies, the different gaits
and how to groom them. After learning about the horses,
we all had a turn at riding.
Other activities included two trips to a bowling alley
where we divided the T roop into two teams, each trying for
the best score. A real fun time was a trip to Noble Roman’s
Pizza Place where we could make our own pizzas, putting
on anything but meat.
All the girls in the troop worked on the sports merit
badge. The requirements were not too difficult. We had to
be able to play sting-ray, kickball and bowling, showing that
we could play fair and be a good sport by not quitting in the
middle of a game.
We had someone come to the meeting to teach us how
to do liquid embroidery using tubes of paint to make designs
on a special kind of cloth. We also learned how to do
macrame and to make earrings.
We took orders and sold Girl Scout cookies, baked
cakes and brownies for Girl Scout Sabbath, taught the
Brownies Israelii dances which we all did for International
Day with other troops in the district.
The year ended with a swim party and cookout at the
Campsite along with the Fly-up ceremony when Brownies
move up to Scouting.
The year culminated with the Brownie-Girl Scout Fly-
up Ceremony which was held at the Center Day Camp and
Picnic pool party at the Selmanoff s home.
The Brownies this year included: Joelle Balotin, Debra
Bell, Cindy Goldstein, Sandra Greenbaum, Lisa
Greenspoon, Andi Hackel, Beverly Hyken, Stephanie Katz,
Ali Klein, Allison O’Dell, Muffie Proctor, Lesley Resnick,
Melissa Roey, Gila Schindler, Elizabeth Schnipper, Michelle
Selmanoff, Dana Sutton, Laura Zel, Beth Schneider,
Jennifer Thompson and Robin Selber.
All girls between the ages of 9 and 11 are invited to join
the Girl Scouts, it’s great!
Leaders: Mrs. Milton Mann (Clara) and Mrs. Allen Gray
(Betty)
Scouts: Irene Mann, Stephanie Gray, Amy Schneider,
Pamela Greenbaum, Sandra Greenbaum, liana Ohayon,
Renee Levin, Barbara Sherman, Melissa Roey, Stacy Sena,
Holly Sandler, Marcy Greenspoon and Jill Goldstein.
139
