CENTER DAY CAMP
The Center Day Camp had it all for the summer of 1977! Ask any camper.
The varied acitivities, programmed for all ages, from the half-day campers (3 and
4 years) to Pre-CITs (8th — 9th grade), kept everyone on their toes to keep it all
together.
Morning assembly gave each group the opportunity to participate and show
their originality by presenting songs and skits.
A typical Camp day consisted of instructional swim, free swim, boating,
skiing, arts n’ crafts, camp crafts, competitive sports including softball, tennis (on
the new courts donated by Mr. Alexander Brest), ping pong, archery and
paddleball.
As the only Jewish Camp in the area, the Center Day Camp is available to all
Jewish children regardless of affiliation. Each day includes Judaica in the form of
singing, dancing, games, prayer before and after lunch and a Shabbat program
each Friday. We also have stories, playground, hikes, field trips and optional
horseback riding lessons. Exciting trips and events included an all camp
scavenger hunt, the annual Carnival, a visit from the Story Lady who came
dressed in costume, guided tours of the nature trails at Tree Hill and the North Florida University, roller skating and
bowling.
Weekly visits to the Haydon Burns Library were always a treat as well as the overnights at the Camp for Kindergarten,
1st, 2nd and third grades and overnights at state parks for older campers — Goldhead, Fort Clinch and Hannah Park. All
camp-outs were preceded by instruction, teaching the Camper how to select a site, pitch a tent, gather wood, make a fire
and cook.
The arts n’ crafts room was a constant hub of activity giving campers the opportunity to create, design and just enjoy
the satisfaction that comes from seeing the finished craft of their own making. The projects were many including all types of
necklaces, ecology boxes, mobiles, candleholders, sand art, leathercraft and silk screening.
The Center Day Camp is open each summer for a nine
week period including four 2-week sessions, one special week
and weekly half day sessions for 3 and 4 year olds. We are
proud that we do not just offer activities, but instruct and teach
the camper how to participate and get the most enjoyment out
of each camp day by learning how to get along with others and
the practice of good sportsmanship.
When making summer plans for your children, be sure to
include all or part of the nine-week program at the Center Day
Camp.
Wendy Honigman
STAFF
Secretary
Frances Siegel
Machonim
Martha Van Der Malle
Waterfront Director W.S.I.
Morris Lasris
Bogrim
Shelley Kulchin
Assist. Waterfront W.S.I.
Joe Leibovitz
Tzeerim
Robert Weinberg
Arts & Crafts Director
Shirley Berman
Yelladim
Phillip Tennenbaum
Boating/Skiing
Barbara Rosenberg
Assist. Yelladim
Robert Finegold
Assist. Boating/Skiing
Daniella Wind
Sollelim
Jimmy Benjamin
Sports/ Camping
BLANCHE SLOTT, DIRECTOR
211
