E. Theodore Cohn
President
President E. Theodore Cohn
Vice-Presidents ... Milton Hecht
Mimi Kersun
Joe P. Safer
Phyllis Vandroff
Treasurer Dr.RonaldElinoff
Secretary Steve J. Silverman
Campaign Chairman Jack Price
Linda Levy
Judy Silverman
Community Relations
Chairman Jack Coleman
HONORARY PRESIDENTS
Jack Becker Alexander Brest
Edgar M. Felson
Harry Gendzier
Morton Hirschberg
Al L. Schneider
Arnold Vandroff
Exec. Director ... GeraldL. Goldsmith
Jack Coleman
Ben Friedman
Joel Goldman
George Richter
Gerald L. Goldsmith
Executive Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Community Council is a
viable, unifying force that encompasses the entire Jewish
community. Its structure reaches out to every Jewish
organization in this city and brings them together in a policy¬
making group to help and aid the Jewish people in our
community, in our nation and in Israel.
The Jewish Community Council was founded in the
mid 1930’s. The original aim of the Council was a means of
consolidating independent fund-raising efforts by many
outside agencies. It has grown and flourished into a
dedicated group of men and women who have as their goal
the broadening of Jewish life in many areas. This is obvious
by the far-reaching aspects of its committees.
In the area of fund-raising, the annual Combined
Campaign has excelled in providing funds for the United
Jewish Appeal and local and national agencies.
Our Community Relations Committee has brought
together the Jewish and general communities through the
efforts of an active Speaker’s Bureau and significant
mailings of pertinent materials to both the Jewish and
general communities. We maintain ongoing contact with
our elected political officials locally and nationally on
matters vital to the Jewish community at large.
The Adult Education Series, sponsored by the Council
and our four synagogues is now in its third successful year.
Through the Community Programming Committee,
programs are planned for Israel Independence Day as well
as for other events during the year.
The 1977-78 Sunday Spotlight Series will feature five
prominent artists in the fields of Jewish culture and the arts.
This program has been very widely received by the
community.
A Young Leadership Division has educational
meetings and encourages future development and
leadership in the community.
An active year-round Women’s Division has been a
vital area of the Council’s program, featuring education as
well as a successful fund-raising Campaign. In an effort to
make our community more cohesive, a Council of
Presidents was formed where the Presidents of all our
Jewish women’s organizations can come together and
develop ideas to make our community a more workable one
and most of all, a better one. A Shalom Committee meets
and greets newcomers to Jacksonville.
The Council also keeps a calendar for the Jewish
community for all organizations, which helps to avoid
conflict of activities.
Last, but not least, the aim and goal of the Council is to
extend the horizon of Jewish identity and to intensify a
desire for Jewish education to a more significant depth on a
community wide basis. We endeavor to eliminate
duplication, fragmentation and its consequences. A united
effort in this particular field benefits all segments of the
community.
WE ARE ONE
225
