Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
Minnie Schreiber, Chairman of the Library Committee, is please to announce
the expansion which the Library is currently undergoing. Now housed in the large
new facility at the Center, the Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center is
seeking to serve children of the five Center Schools (Preschool, Day School,
Hebrew School, Sunday School and High School) in addition to the adult
community.
By far the largest collection of Judaica in northern Florida, the Library has
serviced students from local universities doing research on Judaic topics, as well as
children and adults from the Center and the Jewish community. Its distinguished
collection of books contains Jewish literature, both ancient and modern, Jewish
history, Bible commentaries, Rabbinic literature, Prayer and Theology.
Beginning September 1959 and with the personal library of Rabbi Tofield added
in 1961, the Library has continued to expand during the past 17 years. It has
benefited from the expert guidance and devoted attention of Roselyn Selber and
Charlotte Glossman. Updated constantly by the librarians, dozens of new
publications have been purchased annually.
In addition to the more than 3800 volumes which constitute the collection, the
Library receives nearly two dozen Jewish periodicals. These include Commentary,
Judaism, National Jewish Monthly, Jewish Digest, Israel Digest, Moment, Sh’ma, Conservative Judaism, Present Tense,
Jerusalem Post, Jewish Week - and nearly a dozen more monthly or quarterly publications of Jewish interest.
Two problems are presently confronting the Library at this point in its development. Over the past year or two, various
individuals have borrowed books without having checked them out. Others have borrowed books and have failed to return
them after months of use. During the next month the Library will be pleased to receive back all books currently checked out - no
overdue fees being charged - in order to complete its inventory.
A second problem is more in the nature of a challenge. Greatly expanding its children’s section, the Library is now actively
serving the Solomon Schechter Day School. Mrs. Clara Mann is serving as Librarian of this department. As such, the children’s
section is in urgent need of general books, not only Judaica, in order to meet the needs of the children and also to enable the
Library to be accredited by the Florida Association of Independent Schools.
Used volumes of children’s books are most welcome. Center members are urged to check their shelves for juvenile books
no longer needed by grown children. If they are in good shape, they will surely be put to good use by the next generation of young
people.
In addition, any used copies of the Time-Life series would be most welcome contributions to the Library. Families who have
either complete or incomplete sets of any of these valuable series are asked to contact the Library. They may be given as gifts or
as loans (Loaned series can be returned whenever requested.) Especially valuable to the youngsters in their studies and
research would be the Life Nature Library, Life Science Library, Great Ages of Man, Emergence of Man, American Wilderness
and the Wild World of Animals.
Jay Portnoy and Judy Bressler
making use of the library.
The Kramer Library is open Monday-Friday from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. and on Sundays from 9:00 to 12:00 noon. For
further information, please contact any of the librarians or Bob Gast. Contributions in any amount may be sent to the Center
office. Book plates identifying the name of the contributors as well as those honored or memorialized are placed in each book.
Minnie Schreiber, Chairman of the Library Committee,
shows Jeffrey Presser an important reference book for
Hebrew High School studies.
Using the extensive resources of the Kramer Library are:
Jeffrey Presser, Erica Jacobson, Henry Lewitt, Judy
Bressler and Janet Jacobson.
223
