President Joseph Honigman, M.D.
Vice President for Operations Joel Bressler
Vice President for Public Relations Jerry Zel
Vice President for Programing Milton Mann, M.D.
Vice President for Membership Irvin Rothstein
Secretary-Treasurer AnnShmunes
Chairman of the Board of Directors Alan T affet
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Jack Becker
Max Becker
Laurie Benwick
Philip Bork
Emanuel Ehrlich
David Goodman
Jay Graff
Stanley Greenfield
Eugene Henry
James Jaffa
Sol Janow
Abraham Marton
Minnie Schreiber
Lillian Meizlik
Isadore Moscovitz
Hyman Selber
Leonard Selber
SURVIVAL IS NOT ENOUGH!
The birth of Israel, brought about by the Zionist
movement three decades ago, has not yet fulfilled the
ultimate goal of endowing the Jewish people with freedom
from threats and oppression and has not brought full
security to Jewish life throughout the world. The
Jacksonville District of the Zionist Organization of America
maintains that we have no alternative but to remain vigilant,
recognize the dangers that beset Israel and to continue with
determination our protection of the Jewish homeland from
those who threaten her both here and abroad.
Many of us here in Jacksonville who care about Israel
and her future have turned our concern into commitment
and the commitment into involvement through the
informational and public action programs of the-
Jacksonville District ZOA.
In activities throughout the past year we have brought
to Jacksonville from the State of Israel men such as Dr.
Benjamin Akzin and Menachem Savidor as speakers on
Israeli-American relations, foreign affairs and politics. From
New York we brought to Jacksonville the noted journalist
and newsbroadcaster Moses Schonfeld as an expert
speaker on Jewish Public Information.
Our screening of the smash Israeli musical
“KAZABLAN” brought to Jacksonville a “MADE IN
ISRAEL” production which would not ordinarily have come
to this community. This entertainment success also served
as a fund raising project for the American Zionist Fund. Our
participation with the Jacksonville Chapters of Hadassah
brought to the community the Chevraia Players of the
University of Pennsylvania in their “The World of Sholom
Aleichem”.
To all who care about Israel and her future the personal
commitment to Zionism by membership in the Zionist
Organization of America is an obligatory responsibility. Just
the bare survival of Israel is not enough. Our business is to
get involved. A Zionist can do no less.
235
