OFFICERS
President
First Vice President
Second Vice President ...
Third Vice President......
Financial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Executive Secretary
General Treasurer
Parliamentarian
.. Mrs. Jack Dorman
Mrs. RoySloat
Mrs. Henry Halpem
Mrs. Hymie Fialkow
.. Mrs. Mitchell P<eltz
. Mrs. Harvey Zelner
... .Mrs. Roy Brooks
.. Mrs.H.C.Simsffl
... Mrs. Martin Wolf
Mrs. Sidney Entman
Aging is fast becoming everyone’s business, as the
miracle of modem medicine extends the life span. This
impact on family community has become very significant
and River Garden Auxiliary is helping deal with this
situation.
In this our 50th year, the River Garden Auxiliary with
its over 900 members, pledge to continue completing
successful years of Service and devotion to our Aged, our
Family and Friends at River Garden.
All of our services do not always fit themselves into
special categories, however; some of our services both from
our membership and through financial aide can better be
understood by listing those offered. Some services are
helping to re-decorate the home, expenses toward the
repairs of both the interior and exterior, expenses for the
air-conditioning, the kitchen, infirmary equipment and
hobby shop materials.
Programming at River Garden means more than just
Medical Services; we of the Auxiliary bring hours of
manpower, comfort and enjoyment and the knowledge that
some one cares. Through the River Garden Auxiliary we
sponsor The Red Cross Ladies, Special Holiday programs,
Friendly Visits, The River Garden Auxiliary Magazine with
articles by the residents, Ceramic Classes, Painting and Art
Classes and the Project Greenthumb. For Passover we
supply food for Raiford and MacClenny and some of the
members of the Auxiliary attend the services at Raiford
helping conduct services and distribute the food. The
Sunshine Club which is a community club for all senior
citizens and is attended by the local residents through the
drivers program of the Auxiliary.
River Garden Auxiliary attempts to render services to
our residents to fulfill a social atmosphere and the secure
knowledge that one is living at their home away from home.
All these achievements are made possible only through the
zealous efforts of the River Garden Auxiliary board and its
members.
This year as in the past our source of income is funded
through our Tombola, Donor, Social Printing, Tree of Life
and Life Membership. The Linen Shower, always a success,
helps stock the linen closets for the residents and brings in
cash for other needed supplies.
There is always a need for members to serve on new
projects and it is our wish that each of you who read this will
take time and effort to be counted among the many and
extend a helping hand so that our River Garden Home will
always be there for you and you and — me.
231
