OFFICERS
Miss Minnie Schreiber President
Sol Katz President-Elect
Lewis Meisel Vice-President, Chairman of
Admissions Board
Herman Paul Vice-President, Co-Chairman of
Admissions Board
Jack Coleman Vice-President, Co-Chairman of
Admissions Board
Eli Becker Vice-President, House Committee
Mrs. Roy J. Sloat Vice-President, Life Enrichment
Mrs. Joseph Bernstein Vice-President, Public Relations
Dr. Harry Yoffee Vice-President, Medical Board
Peter Winterfield Secretary
JackSchwager Treasurer
Albert M. Kofka Chairman of the Board
Norman Hofheimer Chairman/Endowment Board
ADMINISTRATIVE:
Sidney Entman Executive Director
Mrs. Frank Dyal Associate Administrator
Allan Kaufman Associate Administrator
Dr. Malcolm Ford Medical Director
CALENDAR OF ACTIVITIES:
3rd Monday of each month — ADMISSIONS BOARD,
8:00 P.M.
4th Monday of each month — BOARD OF TRUSTEES,
8:00 P.M.
ANNIVERSARY DAY — March 26, 1978
This year’s anniversary marked thirty-one years of
services to the aged and infirm of Florida. The services were
given in a garden setting on the banks of the St. John’s River
amidst well kept lawns and shrubbery. The three buildings
joined together in one continuous living space are modern
and blend into the environment.
The interior of the Home is gracious and is designed for
comfort as well as services which require nursing supervison.
The paintings and other art items add beauty to the general
decor of the Home. Although River Garden serves the ill,
frail, infirm and mentally impaired aged, it still stresses the
“wellness” rather than the illnesses which so many of the
residents are subject to suffering.
It is the positive accent on living which creates the
climate and tone of River Garden. It focuses on the social
components of living rather than the medical nursing aspects
of the nursing home. To give the quality of care we strive for,
A citation being presented by George Linville, of the American
Bicentennial Commission to Sally Safer and Peggy Sussman in behalf
of the River Garden Players for their production of “America on
Parade.”
there is a staff of 160 of whom 95 are in the nursing
classification, a half time medical doctor, a physiotherapy
department, an X-ray laboratory, podiatry and dentistry plus
all medical specialists as needed.
All of these people are needed to serve an average of 190
residents who require a variety of services to enable them to
meet the basic needs for daily living.
To provide the social model which people need rather
than the hospital type nursing home, the Home has
developed and organized many social and recreational
programs to share with each other a pleasant and enriching
experience.
The outstanding programs which have received very
favorable publicity are those produced by the River Garden
Players. This troupe, founded by Mrs. Major Reiser (Tillie) 20
years ago, is still active and well known.
What has been a “feather in their cap” were the “road
shows” which they have performed before academic groups
in Orlando and the University of Florida, Gainesville. Their
performance received outstanding ovations and statewide
fame.
As many more people reach the later years, the
problems of maintaining the older people’s independence,
and self determination becomes limited as they become
dependent upon others to help them. The institution should
always be the last resort and it becomes a public
responsibility to provide good and satisfactory alternatives to
River Garden and other homes.
Carpeting - No Wax Floor Covering
Solarían - Congoleum - Gaf
Wallpaper - Paint - Woven Blinds
Wallpaper Hangin - Painting - Repairs!
PITTSBURG AND VALSPAR PAINT
WROBEL PAINT AND HARDWARE
Low Prices - Compare Anywhere
Professional Installation
Phone 731-1180
6205 St. Augustine Road
229
