Vux¿ 'td/As
OFFICERS
B’NAI B’RITH A. B. WEIL LODGE No. 800
President Milton Hecht
Vice President Stuart I. Hecht
Vice President Joseph P. Safer
Membership Chairman .. . Hyman Selber
Secretary Neil Sandler
Treasurer Ronald S. Cohen
The Officers and Operating Committee Chairmen of
this Lodge send greetings and sincere wishes for good
health, peace and contentment to the entire Community.
B’nai B’rith, through its many programs, has been
serving Jewry and humanity since October 13, 1843.
A.D.L. has been our watchman and our voice exposing
the cancer of anti-Semitism in our beautiful land, also
speaking out against injustice wherever it affects Jews and
non-Jews alike.
Through Hillel, A.Z.A. and B’nai B’rith Girls, the
organization provides avenues for Judaic social and
religious experiences for our youth.
One of the purposes of B’nai B’rith is to provide a
service club type of fraternal organization for Jewish men.
On the level of service to the total community this
Lodge provides recognition trophies, distributed to
teachers, selected by their peers, for understanding and
empathy with their students. This understanding and good
relations with students makes for a more productive
teaching-learning situation. Jack Coleman guided this
project.
Another project is joining other service clubs on
December 24th, in manning the Salvation Army Christmas
Collection Kettles. Jack Coleman was also head of this
project. This year we won the Salvation Army award for the
highest amount of money collected.
On the national and international level the following are
some additional B’nai B’rith programs:
Adult Jewish Education program
National Bowling program
Citizenship program
Community Service —
Drug Abuse and Environment
Housing for Senior Citizens
Henry Monsky Foundation
International Council
Israel Program
Legacy Development
Members Insurance program
Life-Major Medical-Disability Income
National Philanthropies
Leo N. Levi Memorial Hospital
National Jewish Hospital
Bellefaire Child Care Center
Center at Mayo Clinic
Programs for Armed Services and Veterans
Tour and Travel program
U.N. program
Career and Counseling Services
B’nai B’rith Girls (B.B.G.)
We’ve done everything this year frorn surprise
breakfasts with our chapter and Regional ExecutivejBoard,
creative services, second annual Sweetheart throb
Banquet, Purim Party, second annual No-talk-a-thon which
brought in over $200.00 for U.J.A., Tubing down the
Itchetucknee and attending many great conventions and
training weekends.
Our new members were so active that they jumped
right into high offices. Many of our plans for the coming
year are already being worked on. We’re planning our third
annual No-talk-a-thon and Sweetheart Heart throb
Banquet, very interesting programs and speakers, a
Sukkah building party, a Car Wash-a-thon, an Interfaith
Weekend, a Sports Day and a Battle of the Sexes game
night.
It is difficult to contact all the Jewish youth in
Jacksonville, so if you are interested in joining and are in the
8th to 12th grades, please contact Jeanne Marón, 733-0966,
or Barbara Rosenberg, 731-5543. We’ll be glad to hear from
you.
Top to bottom, left to right: President - Jeanne Marón,
First Vice President - Sandra Rosenberg, Second Vice
President - Paula Ruby, Mitmom - Barbara Rosenberg,
Secretary - Donna Feinman, Treasurer - Stacy
Goodfarb. Not pictured: Editor - Bella Gutenmaker,
Historian - Judy Bressler, Parliamentarian - Beth
Lettman.
241
