^eufiiáÁy ^l¿/a/nerv
President
V.P. Administration
V.P. Community Service
V.P. Public Affairs
V.P. Membership
V.P. Program
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
Parliamentarian
National Council of Jewish Women is an organization
which, in the spirit of Judaism, is dedicated to furthering
human welfare in the Jewish and general community,
locally, nationally, and internationally.
Our community service projects include: Pre-school
vision testing to discover sight problems in the young child;
service to foreign bom; the “Art Enrichment Program”
which trains volunteers at the Art Museum to bring and
discuss art in the public and private schools.
Tay Sachs testing, in conjunction with the University of
Florida and the Jewish Community Council, provided
education and testing to the Jacksonville Jewish
community for this genetic disease. The Mental Health
Forum, in coalition with the Mental Health Association,
attracted over 2000 participants. The Pursuit of Liberty
Conference was a NCJW highlight and a film of the Mock
Trial is available for educational use through the Haydon
Burns Library.
National Council of Jewish Women
Seated left to right: Honey Donziger, Sybil Ansbacher, Lenore Michelson.
Standing left to right: Mary Levin, Bette Trager, Sylvia Shorstein and Carol
Freedman. Officers not pictured: Judy Levinson, Ruth Nachman, Eunice
Zisser and Janet Mason.
In Israel, National Council of Jewish Women’s
Educational Research Center is an innovative program for
education of the disadvantaged. Fellowships for Israeli
teachers and social workers who wish to study in our
country and the continued maintenance of NCJW’s
Hebrew University High School are all projects which are
helping to educate Israel’s youth.
NCJW’s legislative study group, “Talk and Tour” and
our advocacy programs have been especially educational to
our own members and effective in promoting Council’s
concerns on a national, state and local level.
SHARING THE RESPONSIBILITY
FOR TOMORROW ...TODAY
F LORIDA PUBLISHING COMPANY
PUBLISHERS OF
The Florida Times-Union • Jacksonville Journal
The St. Augustine Record • Crescent City Courier Journal
The Flagler Tribune • The Halifax Reporter
245
