JOSEPH P. SAFER
General Chairman
Jacksonville Campaign, State of Israel Bonds
Did You Know This About Israel Bonds?
• More Americans own Israel Bonds than any other security in the U.S. except U.S. Savings
Bonds. They are the second most widely-held security in the country (AT & T stock is third). More
than $3.5 billion has been sold — $1.5 billion repaid on time since 1951.
• Israel Bonds alone provide jobs for hundreds of thousands of newcomers after your much
needed UJA dollar brings them to Israel. Because UJA contributions are tax deductible, the IRS
watches closely to see that these dollars are used for humanitarian and social welfare programs.
UJA dollars cannot be used to expand industrial businesses and farms. What would we do if Jews
from another part of the world rescued 500 to 1,000 Russian Jews and the plane landed at
Jacksonville International instead of Tel Aviv?
• Israel Bonds are liquid. They can be sold over the counter through Leumi Securities, 18 E. 48th
St., New York City. In the event of the death of the bondholder, the estate can immediately cash the
bond for its current value.
• Please redeem or re-invest your Israel Bonds when they mature! Israel is required by U.S. law to
deposit the proceeds to cash your bonds when they mature at Chase Manhattan Bank in New York.
They do not continue to earn interest. Please, either cash your matured bonds (you’re entitled!) or
call me and let me know you want to re-invest them.
• Israel Bond proceeds do not go overseas. The Israelis do not want American Jews to be
accused of sending dollars abroad. Therefore, Israeli businesses buy U.S. equipment to expand
their businesses from dollars deposited here.
• If you have a retirement plan of any kind (pension-Keogh-IRA or other), you can earn either 5l/2
or iy2/o tax-free with excellent liquidity by buying Israel Government Securities approved by the
U.S.
• More than 2000 U.S. banks own Israel Bonds in their portfolio, including 250 of the top 300
commercial banks.
Reserve October 2 for the Jacksonville Jewish Center's Israel Bonds event.
Help us celebrate the 10th anniversary of the freedom of Jerusalem.
Jack Becker, Chairman
256
