JOEL BRESSLER
President
Communal fraternities for the purpose of providing
burial and its attendant rites for the dead have existed
among the Jews ever since the Talmudic period. The
Hebrew term for such a fraternity is Hevrah Kaddisha (Holy
Society).
As soon as the society is notified by the local funeral
home of a Jewish death, out of respect for the dead, a
Shomer or watchman is notified and sits with the body,
especially at night, until the time of the funeral.
The practices of cremation, speeding up the
decomposition of the body, or embalming, the slowing
down the process, flowers at the funeral or public viewing of
the body are all discouraged by Jewish custom both
universally and locally.
The Jacksonville Hevrah Kaddish was formed in
January, 1974, and has been functioning ever since. It
consists of about twenty men and women who perform the
necessary tasks on a rotating basis. Anyone who would be
interested in becoming a member of the local society may
contact Joel Bressler, its President, for further information.
2&¿á/cLj</f/ asw¿ S^c/¿m¿¿eA/ ¿tfevwaA' <y¡¿cwtc(¿AÁa/
The members of the burial society used to attend at the
bedside of the dying person and receive his final declaration
or confession of faith (Viddui). They would wash and dress
the corpse, conduct the burial service, and finally, together
with the observance and performance of the traditional
rites, conduct the actual burial itself. In the case of the poor,
the burial society performed its services without any
charge. In all cases, however, whether there is a charge or
not, the members of the society fulfill their task as a sacred
duty or obligation (Mitzvah) which confers merit upon all
who take part therein. Since respect and acts of charity
shown to the dead were regarded by the Jews in all ages as
the highest form of charity and human service, the
members of the Hevrah Kaddisha have always been highly
respected in the Jewish communities; in many cases in the
past they were accorded special social and religious
privileges in return for their important and unselfish service.
The actual preparation of the dead for burial,
undertaken by the Hevrah Kaddisha, is known in Jewish
law as “taharah” (cleansing, purifying). During this Taharah
definitely prescribed ceremonies are observed,
accompanied by the reading of specific prayers. The body is
washed from head to foot in lukewarm water, dried and
then clad in the burial clothes (Tachrichin). During all this
ceremony the members of the society preserve a proper
gravity and respect. To prevent funerals from becoming
very expensive burdens upon the survivors Rabbon
Gamaliel 1, in the latter part of the First Century, ordered
that he be buried in a simple linen garment, and this
procedure was soon adopted by the great masses of the
Jewish people. Men are in addition wrapped in the same
Tallit (prayer shawl) which they have worn at services
during their life but with one of the fringes removed. As soon
as the body is fully clothed in the Tachrichin, it is placed in a
simple wooden coffin, again in an effort to provide
uniformity in the treatment of the dead and to prevent
excessive cost of burial.
If one wishes to honor their dead by purchasing a more
expensive casket, they are encouraged instead to give
the additional money to the deceased’s favorite loved one’s
charity.
President Joel Bressler Jay Aronson, Laurie Benwick, Linda Bressler, Babs
Vice President Dr. Joseph Honigman Goldstein, Charles Kurtz, Lillian Meizlik, Nathan Sandler,
Treasurer Alan Taffet Simon Selber, Max Shmunes, Nathan Shmunes, and Anita
Secretary Beatrice Browdy Solomon.
254
