What Being Jewish Means To Me
In reaction to the Jewish community’s concern with the issue
of “continuity”, the American Jewish Committee inaugu¬
rated a program called “Why Be Jewish?”. The purpose of
the program is to assure that there will be a critical mass of
Jews willing and able to lead creative Jewish lives. Without
these assurances, all other efforts for Jewish community
building are, at best, transitory. The “Why Be Jewish”
effort of the American Jewish Committee is a multi-faceted
program. This past year it included a series of advertise¬
ments in the New York Times and other major American
newspapers which highlighted the personal meaning that
Judaism has to a wide ranging variety of interesting people.
These essays include the reflections of United States Sena¬
tors, Nobel Prize winners, successful businessmen, writers
and novelists, as well as a number of young people who spoke
from their own unique perspective. One of the most compel¬
ling testimonies came from a college student whose message
was the winning essay in a national contest for undergradu¬
ates on “The Meaning of Being Jewish”. We have presented
it here, for your consideration on the eve of the High Holidays.
What follows are the personal reflections of Leonid Petlakh.
We are confident you will find his statement a thoughtful one.
Leonid Petlakh
Hunter College
Class of 1995
Growing up in Minsk, in the former Soviet Union, I knew my parents were Jewish by birth. Beyond
that, all I knew about Judaism was that the word “Jew” stamped in my internal passport was going
to spoil my life. It was a cause for shame and humiliation. I learned that lesson in the first grade, when
my classmates taunted me with cries of “zhid”, the derogatory word for Jew. Distraught, I ran home
to my parents. With heavy hearts they explained that a Jew in the Soviet Union was doomed to second-
class status in school, at work, in society. In those days, anti-Semitism was everywhere. And to make
matters worse, there were no teachers, mentors, or friends who could be positive Jewish role models.
Things began to change in 1987 as many Jews began to emerge from their spiritual hiding places, eager
to affirm their tong-oppressed Jewishness. One Saturday, out of curiosity, I joined a group of young
people who had gathered outside the only synagogue in Minsk, not to pray, but to draw strength from
being together. I returned to that gathering many times and, in the process, found I was becoming a
Jew.
In 1989 we left Minsk via Italy for the United States. During the four months we spent at the emigres’
transit station near Rome, I read everything I could on Israel, the Holocaust and Judaism. My purely
ethnic connection was gradually taking on a religious dimension. Entering college here, I found a gifted
teacher and mentor, and, to my great surprise, I was drawn to Jewish studies. Finally, positive Jewish
experiences were shaping my Jewish identity. Before I knew what was happening, Jewish learning
had become a passion.
I began to understand the richness of our heritage. I had fallen in love with Judaism. And last summer,
seeing Israel for the first time, I experienced another dimension of being Jewish—the excitement of
a modem and ancient Jewish homeland. I have now decided to become a rabbi, to continue learning and
then to teach. Being Jewish means much to me: it means advancing the good of my people by sharing
the beauty and depth of Judaism; it is to be involved in tikkláü o/am. the healing of the world for the
betterment of all people; and it is to be a rodef shalom. a pursuer of peace, in a troubled and often violent
world. I am grateful for the precious gift of freedom. As a Jew, I believe that freedom includes the
responsibility to preserve my precious heritage and to transmit it—something my parents and
grandparents were not allowed to do. My greatest wish is that I may some day teach my own children
the fulfillment of being a Jew.
East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
4
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
