Jewish Family & Community Services
JEWISH FAMILY &
COMMUNITY SERVICES
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
President
Dr. Guy Benrubi
First Vice President
Leonardo Maiman
Vice Presidents
Gary Wilkinson
Dr. Michael Solloway
Mark Shorstein
Suzanne Lichter
Dr. Ben Lewis
It is a privilege and an honor for me to take this moment to say thank
you for all you have made possible at Jewish Family & Community
Services.
With your help, we were able to provide food for 1,648 hungry people
who came to our door last year, many of them with hungry children in
tow. We intervened with emergency assistance for 4,296 desperate indi¬
viduals who faced immediate eviction or utility shut-off.
Because of your support, we were able to provide 3,564 hours of
counseling, guidance and referral.
We have resettled 727 new Americans since our Russian Resettlement
program began in 1989 - 130 of them last year.
We provided 22,500 kosher meals to the elderly, many of whom are
frail and at risk for institutionalization. With proper nutrition and appro¬
priate socialization through our congregate meals program, we have kept
these senior citizens active and independent.
Today, we are working to strengthen our relationships with corpora¬
tions, letting them know about our excellent counseling staff and encour¬
aging them to keep us in mind for their employees’ needs.
We continue to facilitate adoptions, and we now work closely with the
State Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services to track abused
children.
Our goal to provide “life support for families” continues to direct our
efforts to improve the quality of life in our community. On behalf of the
Board of Directors at JFCS, please accept our warmest gratitude for your
support in helping us achieve this goal.
Treasurer
Michael Lissner
Iris T. Young
Executive Director
3601 Cardinal Point Drive - Jacksonville, Florida 32257-5582 - 448-1933
BBYO • B'nai B'rith Youth Organization
The B’nai B’rith Youth Organization (BBYO) is the largest youth organization
in the world. It consists of two unique chapters, Aleph Zadik Aleph (AZA) for
young men and B’nai B’rith Girls (BBG) for young women.
AZA, which stands for fraternity and harmony, focuses on building Jewish
fraternal bonds while taking part in projects that benefit the community.
BBG focuses on sisterhood and social action and encourages members to
take active roles in the community, as Jews and as concerned citizens.
Each group is actively involved in the Jewish community, volunteering at local
synagogues and attending regularly scheduled programs on Jewish ethics and
modem values. BBG and AZA also work together to make positive changes
in their communities.
BBYO also promotes a feeling of unity, togetherness and belonging through
chapter programs, conventions, retreats and summer programs.
If you are a Jewish teenager in grades 9 -12, we invite you to join BBYO.
For information call: Barry Blumenthal 737-2610 or Sloane Sussman
731-0085.
172
Slate of Officers
Godol/Pres.
Sigon/V.P.
Moren/V.P. Member.
Gizbor/Treas.
Mazkir/Sec.
Sopher/Publicity
Shotare Godol
Shotare Katan
Jax Gator AZA
Barry Blumenthal
Eric Wallace
Matt Toblin
Kenny Solomon
Ryan Sussman
Josh Weihnacht
Adam Frankel
Josh Lento
Jax Gator BBG
N’sian/Pres.
S’ganit/V.P.
Aym Chaverot/
V.P. Membership
Gizbor/Treas.
Mazkiran/Sec.
Orechet/Corres. Sec.
Shomeret HaBrit
Sloane Sussma
Susan Cohn
Heather Toblin
Jennifer Pachtor
Rachel Horn
Samantha Levine
Kim Frankel
