i# j
ftp
The best
tíme to look
into tax-free
investments is
before you
get soaked.
The First Union Insured Tax Free Fund will help you keep more of what you earned.
The forecast is in- it's time to get serious about protecting your earnings. Here's how. The First Union
Insured Tax Free Fund may increase your current income while reducing your federal income taxes.* And
because the Fund invests in insured municipal bonds, there
is an added degree of safety.** ^ ”*** "**’***" ^
The First Union Insured Tax Free Fund is one of nine 1-800-359-9298
funds in the family of the First Union Funds.*** These funds - ext. 0225
provide you with a practical and convenient way to pursue virtually any financial goal. You can start
investing with just $1,000. We'll be happy to assist you in matching the funds to your financial goals.
The investment advisor to these funds is the First Union Capital Management Group, an experienced
team of investment professionals whose goal for half a century has been to provide competitive investment
returns. The Capital Management Group currently oversees assets of more than $37 billion.
For more information, call our toll-free number or stop by your local First Union branch office and speak
* Income may be subject to the Federal alternative minimum tax.
**This insurance does not remove market risk. The terms of the insurance
are more fully described in the prospectus. No representation is made to
any insurer's ability to meet its commitments.
***The investment advisor to the first Union Funds is the Capital Manage¬
ment Group of First Union National Bank of North Carolina. The First
Union Funds are offered through first Union Brokerage Services, Inc.
(FUBS), a brokerage affiliate of First Union National Bank of North Caroli¬
na (Member NASD and SIPQ. The First Union Funds are sponsored and
distributed by Federated Securities Corp., which is independent of First
Union. Investments in the First Union Funds are not endorsed or guaran¬
teed by First Union, are not deposits or obligations of First Union and are
not insured by the FDIC or any other government agency. More complete
information about First Union Funds is set forth in the prospectus which
contains important information, including fees and expenses. The
prospectus should be read carefully before you invest or send money.
Banking offices in Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and Washington, D.C.
to your First Union Personal Investment Counselor.
When it comes to service; everything matters.™
First Union National Bank
ofHorida
©1994 First Union Corporation
Member FDIC
