A Message From Rabbi David Gaffney
One of my favorite High Holiday stories is a story of a young Jew who in 1913 attended
Kol Nidre services in a small synagogue in Berlin, determined that this would be his
last Jewish experience. This young man, Franz Rosenzweig, knew that he was a Jew,
but knew very little about Judaism. He had grown up in a nominally Jewish home, but
like so many of the intellectual Jewish families of early twentieth century Germany,
there was very little that was Jewish about it. Oh, yes, annually, the family would
attend High Holiday Services at a local Temple... but that was it. Rosenzweig had
nothing against Judaism: it just didn’t seem to matter to anyone he knew. He went off
to college, studied philosophy and for the first time met deeply religious Christians
and he began to envy them. They knew what they stood for.... they had a guide, a source
of inspiration to turn to when they were troubled.
Rosenzweig was challenged to defend his nominal Jewishness or convert to Christian¬
ity. He contrasted their deeply rooted faith with the shallow pretense, the floundering
inconsistency that he had seen in his Jewish home. Finally, he resolved to become a
Christian but decided that he would go to services one last time on Yom Kippur and say
goodbye to his Jewish past. He told his parents. . .and they were shocked. “How can
we change Judaism”, they asked, “so that you will be willing to accept it? What can
we do to make it easier, and more convenient for you?” When he declared his
conversion plans, they said, “not in our Temple. You won’t use our Temple as a
stepping stone to renounce your faith.” Rosenzweig decided to attend Kol Nidre
services at the small synagogue. However, when he came out a few hours later he was
a changed man. He found something in Judaism he never knew was there before. He realized that Judaism could answer
his spiritual questions and give his life deepened meaning. From that day on Franz Rosenzweig studied, thought about,
and lived Judaism. He resolved to be committed to its tradition and to its history. He became one of the outstanding
philosophers of Judaism and his writing helped to set in motion a German-Jewish cultural and spiritual renaissance. What
happened that night in that small synagogue to change this man’s life completely? What happened to make him see
Jewishness in a totally new light? It wasn’t the sermon. It wasn’t that the building was impressive ... or that the
Cantor and choir were so good.
What he found was something he had never seen before. . .a community of Jews who cared about their tradition. The
people in the synagogue were not strangers to what they were doing. They were not an audience going to synagogue
in September the way they would go to a symphony in December. What he had found was an intensity . . .a sense of spiritual
engagement that he had never seen before. It may have been that his father or mother asked him - “Couldn’t you remain
Jewish for our sake, even if there isn’t anything to it? We are asking so little of you. We are not asking you to observe
anything, to do anything, even to believe in anything Jewish. We are just asking you to survive.” He might have
answered, “That’s exactly the trouble. Why should I take seriously a religion which asks so little of me ... a religion
that is only a label with no content. I want my religion to make great demands of me, and you offer me a diluted diet
of ‘be a nice person and come back next year’.” Rosenzweig’s experience in that synagogue teaches us something
important. Judaism is not primarily an idea ... it is a religious community. What ultimately “converted” Rosenzweig
back to Judaism (if I can use that term) was the impact of a Jewish community—real live people turned on by the reality
of their Jewishness. What “converted” him was not any idea about Judaism ... or any idea about God. Even God is only
an idea until people make Him real in the world by doing Godly things, by basing their actions on what He stands for. He
had heard “ideas” about the Shabbat. . .and about Kashrut. . . and the Torah, but he had never seen a family really
experiencing Shabbat. . .really hallowing their home so that it becomes a place for the presence of God.
I tell you this story because I am continually telling myself this story. Every time I get up to conduct a High Holiday
service I ask myself, “What if there is a bright young person here. . . another Franz Rosenzweig, who came to our
synagogue to give Judaism another chance?” I tell you this story because it is not only important for me to know the
story. . .you have to know it too. Rosenzweig was saved for Judaism by a life-giving encounter with a congregation
of Jews who brought Judaism to life and made it real and powerful. This is where you come in. You may feel miscast.
I am hopeful that you might play the role of an inspired congregant, but you feel more comfortable playing the role of
Rosenzweig, and that is the crux of the issue. We are all Rosenzweigs. We read about Judaism. . . we hear about it.
. .we know some of its ideas. But not too many of us live it passionately, authentically, and comprehensively. Can we
blame our children for thinking Judaism is an occasional garment to be dusted off and worn for special occasions. We
send them to school to learn about Jewish life, and when that doesn’t turn them into Jews we blame the teacher, we
blame the synagogue, and we don’t realize where the problem lies. What shapes people into Jews is a vibrant Jewish
community. The synagogue cannot convert people, because the synagogue is only a building. You need a congregation
to convert people; a fellowship of people who say — “skin deep Judaism never did anything for us—we want to find out
if “soul deep Judaism is any different. If we strengthen one another and reinforce one another we might become that
community. Can we afford to allow our young Rosenzweigs to go another year without sensing what being part of a
committed community means? As we read the data and the statistics of the American Jewish community, we realize
that this is the time to act.
The Rosenzweig story is eighty years old. . .but the moral of the story is applicable. . .in our homes and in our lives
and in the lives of our children today. For all of us and for those we love, may this year be one of transformation and
renewal. May it be a year that blesses us with fulfillment. . .with health and with peace. Amen.
Rabbi David and
Inge Gaffney
5
