Solomon Schechfer
Davschool PTA
Supplemental School
PTA
PTA OFFICERS 1994-95
President
Treasurer
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Financial Secretaries:
Preschool
Day School
Joanne Rosenberg
Robin Shorstein
Randi Rogozinski
Lori Schoettler
Robin Allerding
Elyse Whitman
The Solomon Schechter Day School PTA is a group of
parents, teachers, administrators and students working to¬
gether for a single purpose - the enrichment of our schools.
Our schools benefit from the PTA on a weekly basis. Our
volunteers are truly dedicated to the children in providing
quality programs throughout the school year.
President Carole Goldberg
Our organization adopted a new
name this year - the Supplemental
School P.T.A. (formerly A.U.T.O.);
for we are parents and teachers
working together for the betterment
of our children. Along with a new
name we pioneered a very successful new program for
students who must arrive at the Center before Hebrew
School starts. These children gather in the Youth Lounge
in a supervised and safe environment. They have their
choice of board games, television, socializing, or working
on homework. Snacks and drinks are sold at a nominal
fee - enough so that the program is self-supporting and
free for anyone who needs to attend.
The PTA provides much needed equipment for the Day
School and Preschool. Science program kits, playground
equipment, stencil machine equipment, computer software
and much more are purchased through our fundraising.
Educational and fun programs enhance our children’s school
days.
• Book-A-Bration honors children, teachers and friends by
directly adding to our library.
• Kaleidoscope, a fascinating day of Arts, enables children
to meet with local artisans and creat their own
masterpieces.
• The “Picture Lady,” an art enrichment program, services
classrooms on a regular basis.
• Holiday observances such as Model Seders, Consecration,
Shabbat and Havdalah Boxes require the helping
hands of the PTA.
• Red Ribbon Week for drug awareness, as well as vision
screening, are needed health programs that the
PTA provides.
Our programs are possible because of our fundraising projects:
magazine sales, book fairs and candy sales.
Your commitment to the PTA makes these programs and
events successful. We need your help.
L’Shana Tovah
148
Within our goal to enhance the Jewish education of our
students, we have as always assisted in the enrichment of
the holidays in various ways. Because of limited class time,
parents are especially valued in helping with art projects,
field trips, and adding to the knowledge of our heritage.
Our help (along with the Solomon Schechter P.T.A.) gave
a special touch to the Consecration service and to the
Model Seders. We continued our tradition of honoring
administrators and staff of our three schools by giving a
very well-deserved Teacher Appreciation dinner. We also
continued another lovely tradition of MishloacA Manot by
delivering baskets made by the students to new members
of the synagogue.
It is a fact that children gain a more positive attitude
towards school when their parents are more involved and
all students benefit from those volunteer efforts. Join your
P.T.A. and give of your time. You, as parents, will feel
immediate rewards.
Best wishes for a happy and healthy New Year,
Hebrew school
creates Shalah
Manot baskets
Hebrew school
class shops for
Passover
