Simhat Torah Honorees
Three members honored on Simhat Torah, Oct. 1,1993
Bob Bossen is the friendly smile that greets you as you enter the sanctuary
every Shabbat. He says it is the highlight of his week. Bob is a native of
Jacksonville and lifelong member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In
1983, he went to Israel and came back so inspired that he joined the
Adult Bat/Bar Mitzvah class to learn more about Judaism. Since that
time, Bob’s commitments to the Center and Jewish life have been many
and varied. He has been a active member of the Adult Education commit¬
tee helping plan many Shabbaton Weekends. He has served on the House
and Religious committees, the Board of Directors and has even led Shabbat
services during the summer. Currently, Bob orchestrates the participation
during Shabbat and holiday services. With his friendly help, our services
flow smoothly. Bob is a warm and caring man whose devotion to the congregation can be felt in
many ways. We are proud to honor him as Hatan Torah.
Bob Bossen
Hatan Torah
Neil Sandler is an outstanding example of all that the honor of Hatan
Bereshit represents. He is an effective young leader, a dedicated husband,
loving father and a generous and modest man. Neil contributes his time
and resources whenever, wherever they are needed. Under his leadership
as president, the Center Men’s Club has grown in size of membership and
scope of programming. Neil has personally made the Men’s Club presen¬
tation to nearly every Bar or Bat Mitzvah at their Friday evening service for
over two years. He is tireless in his efforts to promote membership in the
Center and has served as Membership Chairman for several terms. Many
new members will tell you that Neil and his wife, Bonnie, were instrumen¬
tal in helping them establish new Jewish roots and new friendships at the
Center. They were co-Presidents of the Ha’Rayim, young couples club
appreciation to many more years of participation by our Hatan Bereshit.
Neil Sandler
Hatan Bereshit
We look forward with
Annetta Komblum became a member of the Center Board of Directors the
first year she and Gene came to Jacksonville twenty years ago and she has
been at the forefront of leadership ever since. She still serves on the Board
and is co-chair of the Mitzvah committee. In Women’s League Annetta
served as President of the Center Sisterhood, Vice President of the Florida
Branch and a member of the National Board. Her most rewarding mo¬
ments, however, have come from her involvement with Youth at the Cen¬
ter and in the community. She has served on the Youth and Education
committees, been a USY Advisor, and chaired housing committees for
Kadima Conventions. She is Vice Principal of Oak Hill Elementary School
and was Teacher of the Year in 1991. She is president of the Wolfson
High School PTSA. Annetta’s accomplishments are too numerous to include here. She is a shining
example of a Woman of Valor.
37
Annette Komblum
Woman of Valor
