Message from Rabbi Dov Kenfof
Message From Rabbi Dov Kentof
Long ago it was said, “An ignorant person cannot be pious; one who is bashful cannot learn (he is
afraid or ashamed to ask); he who is irritable an impatient cannot teach” (Avot 2).
Study and learning are Judaism’s cornerstones. When the Torah was accepted by the Children of
Israel at Sinai, it was only after they had called out Na’aseh v’nishma, we shall do and we shall
understand. Since then, knowledge and understanding have been the core of Jewish living.
The cultural history of the Jewish people can be traced through books: The Torah, The Bible,
The Talmud, The Siddur, the commentaries of Maimonides and Rashi, the Shulchan Aruch, and
the Zohar. These are just a few of the thousands of volumes that serve as signposts and mile¬
stones on the long journey of the Jewish people.
In order to understand Judaism’s relevance, one must study the vast sea of available literature all
throughout life. The sages understood this and taught that the person who didn’t increase their
knowledge, decreased it.
The same Mishna warns about taking the attitude of “I’ll
study when I find the time” stating that time may never
be found. Regular study and scheduled times for learning are essential if a person is to advance his/her
knowledge.
The sages advised that we know what to answer to those who would question or challenge the Jewish faith
and the Land of Israel. In order to do so, however, one must possess a thorough knowledge of our religion
and our homeland. This can be achieved only through study.
Some would argue that the only time such intensive, continuous study is necessary is when a person wishes to
become a Rabbi; but the Talmud states “Torah study is valued as much as all other mitzvot combined.” The
unending pursuit of God’s teachings can be nothing but beneficial.
Recently, the late Chief Rabbi of Israel, Avraham Yitzchak Kook, put it another way: “The main aim of study
is to mould man into his civilized form ... Man is civilized if he acts justly and honestly; to educate man to live
in that framework is the supreme aim of Jewish religious study. The surest way to achieve this aim is not
through an ethics-divorced religion, but through a thorough religious grounding. Without God and religion,
any system of ethical education will lack a solid base and constitute an unreliable instrument for civilizing
man.”
Cindy Marsh
Secretary
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Afternoon Hebrew School, Sunday School, and High School have always placed the most emphasis on quality of
education and strengthening the students’ love of Judaism. The combination of class time, a dedicated/caring staff, and meaningful activities work
together to make this possible. As a result, we produce exceptional students who are aware and conscious of their Judaism and have a love for it and
their synagogue.
We pledge to continue to reach higher and higher to attain our goals in the years to come.
The Jewish future lies in Jewish study. More Jewish homes need to be filled with more
Jewish books. Learning must become an integral part of every Jewish person’s life.
Educated people such as our teachers and spiritual leaders, as well as philanthropists, are to
be honored because as the Talmud observes, “The learned increase peace and happiness
in the world.”
Making Jewish education a priority in your home will help to make Jewish living a priority
throughout the lives of your children.
149
