Committees
Education Committee
Stuart Appelbaum
Cheryl Blum, Chairs
The Education Committee is responsible for providing policy and overseeing the
Center’s educational programs and schools. These include the Early Childhood
Department (Pre-School and Day Care), the Solomon Schechter Day School, the
Supplemental School Department (Sunday School, Afternoon Hebrew School, and
Hebrew High School). The Jewish education of our children is one of the most
important functions of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Over400 children are served
by the schools of the Center.
The Education Committee is co-chaired by Cheryl Blum and Stu Appelbaum.
Members of the Committee in 1993-94 were: Trish Bettman, Horty Gendzier,
Sheldon Gendzier, Jan Glassman, Carole Goldberg, Dr. Larry Goldberg, Rhoda
Goldstein, Annetta Komblum, Jeffery Morris, Dr. Marco Rand, Ellen Rubens, Eliot
Safer and Arlene Yegelwel.
This past year was a very successful year for the Center’s schools. Enrollment
for the Solomon Schechter Day School reached record levels. During this year the
planning for our Middle School program, which begins in September 1994, was
accomplished, We are pleased that the Jacksonville Jewish Federation recognized
the importance of the Day School by significantly increasing our allocation this year.
The Early Childhood Department also showed significant enrollment gains this year.
A new brochure was produced to highlight our Pre-School and Day Care programs.
Our Supplemental Schools also had a very good year. Our Sunday School program
was greatly enhanced by our new staff members and the large number of students.
We are proud that the Center was part of the new Community Hebrew High School,
Beit Midrash Jacksonville, This program enabled our children to attend class with
Jewish children from other congregations. The faculty, which included Rabbis from
all of the Jacksonville congregations, provided enhanced learning experiences for
our children.
The Center’s schools could not be successful without the efforts of our
dedicated administrators and staff. They give so much for our most precious
resource - our children. The Education Committee thanks them for all their efforts.
Mitzvah Committee
Joan Waitz, Chair
The Mitzvah Committee of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is pleased to perform
the mitzvah of Bikkur Holim “visiting the sick” which is a religious imperative for
us as Jews. The ancient tradition finds its roots in a number of biblical and rabbinic
texts. InBereshit, the tirst book of the Torah, we leam that human beings are created
b’tzelerry Elohim, in God’s image. Judaism understands that to mean that we are
required to emulate the ethical attributes of God: mercy, kindness, forgiveness,
graciousness.
Modem society with its wondrous advances in medical technology, intimidating
procedures and sterile hospital environments, has, if anything, increased the need
for Bikkur Holim. The needs of the sick and aged require not only the best of
scientific knowledge, but also the loving care of family, friends, neighbors and the
synagogue community. If you have the time, please join this important committee.
Mitzvah Committee Members: Martin Brauner, Stella Finck, Beverly Geller, Sonya
Morris, Faye Price, Dorothy Shenkman, Joan Waitz.
Youth Commission
Robert Cantor,Chair
Horty Gendzier, Youth V.P.
The purpose of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Youth Commission is to over see
and set appropriate goals for all of the Center Youth Groups. Chalutzim, Kadima,
USY, Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts are all vital to the future of our people. The Youth
Commission sets proper standards for the programming of these groups.
The Scout programs help to instill proper values, to teach survival and develop
community skills.The Youth Commission helps these programs become meaningful
within the framework of Jewish life.
With guidelines from this committee, our young people have an opportunity to
socialize with other Jewish youth in a wholesome, value promoting atmosphere.
Daily Minyan Captains
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is unique in
its ability to provide a twice daily minyan
every day of the year. The Center is fortunate
to have dedicated captains who volunteer
many hours recruiting members to ensure
that those who are reciting Kaddish, observ¬
ing a yahrzeit or any of the other occasions
when a minyan is necessary, have that op¬
portunity available to them. Their task is a
true mitzvah that deserves the recognition of
the entire community. The Minyan Cap¬
tains are: Fred Alterman, Jack Bettman,
Raymond Cohen, David Mazo, Steve
Meisel, Dr. David Mizrahi, Jack Mizrahi,
Ken Organes, Philip Selber, Jack
Silverman and Seeman Zimmerman.
House Committee
Morrie Osterer, Chair
The House Committee provides for the regu¬
lar maintenance and upkeep of the Center’s
building and grounds. It sets rules, regulations
and fees for use of the building; inspects the
building regularly, and presents to the Fi¬
nance Committee any recommendations for
repairs.
During this administration the House
Committee has recommended and seen to it
that the following work was completed:
Resurfacing of the cemetery road
Resurfacing of the preschool driveway
Replacement of flooring in the
day care classrooms
Replacement of sound system in the
Setzer Social Hall
Replacement of pool pump
Major repair of roof of second floor
day school classrooms
Chapel ceiling repair
Day to day maintenance includes gen¬
eral cleaning of all rooms, public areas and
classrooms; regular repairs, carpet cleaning,
floor waxing, buffing and painting.
We carefully monitor our energy man¬
agement system, using time scheduling for
the most efficient use of energy.
There has been some periodic vandal¬
ism, although we hope the presence of a
security guard will be a deterrent.
Next year we will have to remarcite the
pool, replace carpeting, and paint in many
areas to keep our building in good shape.
Any comments or suggestions you may
have regarding the house committee would
be appreciated.
17
