Raffle
The following people
deserve recognition for all
their hard work:
Committee: Caria Bernard, Shirley
Bielski, Linda DuBow, Charlotte
Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Renee
Gordon, Rose Hecht, Joanne
Rosenberg, Elyse Whitman and Isabel
Balotin.
Assisted by; Inez Achord, Jewel Ann
Achord, Gayle Bailys, Sandi Burman,
Etta Drashin, Bobby Libby, Elaine
Metlin, Ruthye Moskovitz, Leah Paul,
Martha Savage and Ina Taffet.
Musicians: Ken Organes, Leonid
Finker and Mark Weichman.
Center Raffle
"One Voice, One Purpose"
“I laughed until I cried. ”
“What a fun eveningT
“Please bring him back. ”
These were just a few of the comments heard after a most successful raffle
evening. And how we laughed, as we were forced to look at ourselves
through the eyes and comedic mime ofYakov Noy-an extraordinary talent.
He told us, “weeks from now the name Yakov Noy will remind you of an
appetizer in a Chinese restaurant.’’Actually, the reminder is more of happy
smiles on the faces of our Center family.
The well-planned evening of good food, wonderful entertainment and a
feeling of goodwill was the added bonus to the Center’s annual commitment
to education.
Our gratitude goes to the raffle committee who were committed to the
mission. The Center raffle is our way of ensuring Jewish continuity by
fostering growth, purpose and strength for all our educational programs. As
we continue to strive for excellence, we are grateful for the ongoing support,
commitment and dedication our members give to all the educational
programs of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. You are our voice and with one
purpose may we continue to strive for superiority in all aspects of Jewish
learning.
THE WINNERS ARE:
$7500 - Beverly Hallman & Hilda Warfield;
$1000 - Ellen Freedman;
$500 - Sid Backer;
VCR - Philip & Linda Bloom;
$250 - Aaron Stark and Mark Lodinger;
$200 - Mike Donziger;
SPA - Dick & Shirley Kravitz;
HAIR CUTTERY-Bobbi Margol;
SALON BERANBE’ - Tom & Sheree Spriggs
Many thanks to our Administrative and Maintenance staffs; Michael Fleet
and the Catering Department.
Our appreciation to;
•Leonard Setzer of Pic N’ Save for the VCR •The JCA for loaning us their spotlight •Larry Smith of Confetti’s for the table decorations
•Nancy and Jeff Nykerk for their hospitality •Dennis Ratner of the Hair Cuttery, solicited by Esther Weiss •The Ponte Vedra Inn and Club
(The Spa) «Beverly Hallman of Salon Beranbe’ *Beth Shalom for loaning us their hopper.
TOP TICKET SELLERS:
Inez Achord, Isabel Balotin, Carla Bernard, Shirley Bielski, Linda
DuBow, Alan Gordon, Renee Gordon, Rose Hecht, Jeffery Morris,
Robin Morris, Kathy Osterer, Rhonda Passink, Martha Savage, Neil
Sandler and Sonny Sandler.
Charlotte Fialkow, Pat Frisch, Maxine Funk, Rabbi David Gaffney,
Marilyn Garber, Sheldon Gendzier, Rhoda Goldstein, Dr. Jeffrey
Goldstein, Jane Grann, Bud Grossman, Stuart Hecht, Bruce Horovitz,
Sharon Kesler, Gene Komblum, George Levin, Oren Margol, Wilbur
Margol, Marilyn Mass, Lew Meisel, Dr. Stuart Millstone, Jack Mizrahi,
Sonya Morris, Evelyn Moskovitz, Marsha Pollock, Jeanine Rogozinski,
Joanne Rosenberg, Eliot Safer, Marilyn Sandler, Dr. Ken Sekine,
Leonard Selber, Jack Selevan, Beck Setzer, Debra Setzer, Mark
Shorstein, Ina Taffet, Edward Taimen, Esther Weiss, Elyse Whitman,
Evan Yegelwel, Arlene Yegelwel, Dr. Bruce Yergin.
33
