Summer Programs
Camp Ramah
Parents who want to give their children a total Jewish living experience during the summer send their children to Camp
Ramah. The Jacksonville Jewish Center believes in Camp Ramah. Time and time again our youngsters return home with
a love of Judaism and a spirituality that lasts beyond the summer months. Young people develop skills and leadership,
lasting friendships and a Jewish consciousness that helps them to become active contributing members of their syna¬
gogue and community.
The Center takes pride in the fact that it continually sends one of the largest contingents of campers to Camp Ramah,
more than any other Conservative congregation in the Southeast. Our commitment to Ramah is evidenced by the many
scholarships available to campers through the following funds at the Center: Abe Selber Trust Fund, Center Sister¬
hood, Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund and Robert J. Gordon Scholarship Fund.
The Center is grateful to these families who perpetuate the funds with their contributions, and to the Center members
who donate to the Ramah funds during the year.
Through the years the number of campers has grown be¬
cause of the diligence and enthusiasm of Horty Gendzier. We
appreciate all of her efforts on behalf of our young people.
This year the following Center students attended Ramah in
Palmer, Massachusetts: Hope Axelrod, Katie Bettman,
Ivy Epstein, Eli Fleet, Tiffany Gartner, Rachel Gerber,
Jeffrey Glassman, Cara Goldberg, Ellen Goldstein,
Beth Grann, Renee Grann, Leebie Grinberg, Hirsch
Kravitz, Jennifer Marks, Josh Marks, Sarah Mazo,
Bill McMillan, Jill Millstone, Shira Morris, Jessica
Osterer, Melissa Osterer, Natalie Osterer, Alyssa
Rademan, Jonathan Rand, Lisa Rand, Amy Schuster,
Simon Schuster, Ben Smolley, Sam Tannen, Amanda
Wasserman, Alison Zisser, Ari Haas.
USY Israel Pilgrimage
USV ISRAEL This is a unique opportunity for young people ages 15 to 18 to visit
ah 1» aiu iaí Israel. Based in Jerusalem each of our groups travels the country
PILvRIMAvC experiencing their Jewish heritage. Some of the highlights of the trip
are the JNF forest project, lectures by outstanding personalities and
the Tzedakah Awareness program. In addition to spending a delightful
summer with their Israeli peers, our Pilgrims also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling companions throughout
the United States and Canada. An additional tour of Poland was included in an Israel/Poland Pilgrimage. Center USYers
who participated this year were: Seth Bloom, Kevin Kaplan, Lauren Marshall. Ramah Israel: Emily Goldberg.
Israeli High School - Rachel Mizrahi and Karissa Sachs.
LTI Leadership Training Institute Summer Encampment 1994
Summers are topped off with a unique experience at Camp Blue Star for one week during the month of August. Teen¬
agers from 7th grade and up are encouraged to take the opportunity to participate in this program which includes
informal classes and discussion groups, cultural activities and special evening activities in addition to a full range of camp
sports and social activities. The camp provides two unique programs: l)Kadima, grade 7 & 8 and 2)USY, grade 9
through 12. Those attending were: Rachel Abramson, Herschel Bettman, Liza Furman, Eric Goldberg,
Kevin Kaplan, Josh Komblum, Katie Marshall, Lauren Marshall, David Moskovitz, Josh Rubens.
137
