Committees
Religious Committee
Edward Tannen, V.P. Religious
The Religious Committee, after extensive study and discussion, approved a
revision in the religious ritual of the Jacksonville Jewish Center: permitting a woman
who is to chant the haftorah to read the maftir portion of the Torah. The new policy
was implemented almost immediately, as Cantor Fox trained a Bat Mitzvah
candidate to read her maftir portion within several weeks of the effective date of
the policy revision.
Under the able tutelage of Bob Bossen, we are seeing a number of the younger
members of our congregation assisting as gabbaim on the bema during the reading
of the Torah, since several of our members who previously performed this
important function are no longer able to do so.
Maintaining the daily minyan continues to be the main concern of the committee.
Although we still seem to be able to provide a minyan every morning and evening,
it is a hit-or-miss proposition from day to day for the minyan captains to assemble
a minyan. The Religious Committee cannot, by itself, keep the daily minyan
running. The entire congregation must participate if we are going to be able to
provide a minyan every day so that our members may observe the Yahrzeit of their
loved ones no matter what day of the year it occurs.
The Committee spends a great deal of time during the summer months preparing
for the High Holidays by distributing the honors for Rosh Hashanah and Yom
Kippur. We do our best to assure that all deserving members of the congregation
receive the honors they merit.
Membership Committee
Shirley Bielski, V.P. Membership
The Membership Committee of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is committed to
extending friendship, recruiting, retaining and most importantly, involving new¬
comers in the life of our congregation. Under the umbrella of the membership
committee are the mitzvah committee, the buddy committee and marketing and
public relations committees. In order to meet the needs of our multifaceted Center
family, our committee includes representation from all groups of the congregation,
from singles, to new Americans, and everyone in between. We are sustained and
strengthened by the entire membership of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The membership committee has been responsible for the following mitzvot:
greeting congregants each Shabbat morning; hospital visitation; matching buddies
to newcomers; Shabbat dinners; reaching out to young singles in the community;
providing home hospitality to college students and Navy personnel during holidays;
honoring new members at Shabbat services and informal social get-togethers.
We are a family together during good times as well as difficult times. We mourn
the loss of family and dear friends whose memories will remain with us always, and
we rejoice in the celebration of life cycle events. In the past two years, under the
chairmanship of Janis Fleet and Brad Jolson, 94 people have joined our
congregation. During those two years we have seen the birth of 33 babies, 52 Bar
and Bat Mitzvahs and 13 weddings. There were also 10 more weddings celebrated
in other cities by the children of our members.
The Friday evening Shabbat Connections have brought together diverse groups
of our Center family at regular intervals during the year - this is a time to come
together for Shabbat dinners and informal services. Our 2nd annual “Christmas
Eve” Shabbat connection was a wonderful success.
Our goal for the coming year, under the chairmanship of Rhoda Goldstein, is to
involve more of our new members in the committees of our congregation. As
mentioned in our last Center Bulletin; “One really does not feel a sense of belonging
until one labors and works for the common good, the enrichment of Jewish life.”
Our buddy committee tries to match up newcomers with Center members to help
make the transition to Jacksonville a little easier. We extend our gratitude to Judy
Paul and Mary Zimmerman for all their efforts. Also to Sonya Morris, Joan Waitz,
Faye Price and their friends for bringing Center cheer to our congregants during
their stay in our area hospitals, and a special thank you to all our committee
members for their phone calls and dedication.
As we look to the future, may we all continue to face our responsibilities with
renewed commitment by reaching out to newcomers, strengthening existing
relationships and promoting Jewish continuity, thereby giving purpose to our
existence.
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chair
The Shabbat Greeters are members of our
congregation who enjoy greeting newcom¬
ers. and our members on Saturday mornings.
If you would like to do this - singles or couples
- call Martha Savage, at 733-3671.
Greeters from January 1, 1994:
Naomie Trager, Bobbie Heyman, Irma
Sandler, Marilyn Safer, Clara Jaffe,
Sally Levine, Molly Silverman, Blanche
Slott, Annette Grauer, Bill & Stevie
Levine, William & Betty Rose, Joan
Waitz, Evelyn Moskovitz, Archie & Ella
Boatwright, Peggy Or ganes, Dottie
Cohen, Dr. Sheldon & Harriet Kaplan,
Cynthia Goldring, Beverly Geller, Alice
Harris, Gert Rosenblatt, George & Ellen
Rubens, Stella Finck, Cheryl Blum,
Nathan & Carolyn Krestul, Margaret
Gerber, Brian & Judie Benwick, Bruce
& Jan Glassman, Jane Grann & May
Grann, Hannah Rosenberg, Rita Falis,
Leon & Lois Robins.
Shabbat Usher Captains
David Goldring, Chair
It is so pleasant to be welcomed at the door
of the sanctuary each Shabbat morning by
one of our dedicated ushers. Newcomers and
visitors appreciate help with seating. Main¬
taining synagogue decorum preserves the
beauty of the services. We thank the captains
and their volunteers for their efforts through¬
out the year. The Usher Captains are:
Fred Alterman, Stuart Appelbaum,
Sidney Backer, Brian Benwick, Fred
Blum, Elayne Brown, Emanuel Ehrlich,
Bruce Glassman, Ira Grann, Beverly
Hallman, Carolyn Krestul, Leonard
Saraga, Barry Schuster, Steve Solomon,
Tom Spriggs and Evan Yegelwel.
Treasurer's Report
Fred Blum
I am very pleased with the financial status
of the congregation. The finance committee
and staff exercise a great deal of discipline to
make sure money is well spent.
There will be additional challenges in the
future to stay on the right track. I am confi¬
dent we will. It will be necessary to spend
more money next year to maintain our facil¬
ity and continue our outstanding programs.
Your continued financial support and par¬
ticipation is important.
Some of you may not realize it, but our
overall budget is $2 million. This is a huge
operation. It takes a tremendous amount of
effort to run it efficiently and effectively.
15
