Center Sisterhood
Sisterhood Officers
1994-1996
Message from the President
President
Phyllis Goldberg
Vice Presidents
Beth Shorstein - Education
Joan Waitz - Membership
Bonnie Sandler - Ways & Means
Gayle Bailys - Program
Ava Axelrod - Youth
Treasurer
Wendy Brezin
Secretaries
Etta Drashin - Financial
Stella Finck - Recording
Merle Selevan - Corresponding
Carla Bernard - Social
At the Jacksonville Jewish Center we are
truly a Sisterhood - women joined, united,
ana working together - committed to our
synagogue and the perpetuation of Juda¬
ism. We are a part of the Women’s League
for Conservative Judaism. This international
organization was founded by wives, moth¬
ers, aunts, and cousins interested in strength¬
ening the family, the synagogue, the Con¬
servative movement, and Rial Yisrael. We
should all be proud to be a part of this
endeavor.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood
is a wonderful place to invest your heart,
energy, and time. The Women’s League
theme for this year is “Walk in the Path of
Understanding. ’ We all must fully under¬
stand Sisterhood’s mission.
We must understand that Sisterhood helps us grow as women and as Jews.
There are book reviews, Sisterhood-Library Shabbat, Women’s Minyan. Sister¬
hood Bat Mitzvah class, Sisterhood seminar, Israeli affairs and social action
reports, creative handicrafts, Jewish family living presentations, and informa¬
tive and entertaining monthly programs.
We must understand that Sisterhood supports the Center Building Fund with
our annual donor event. The future of Judaism is strengthened by our contribu¬
tion to Torah Fund which enhances the Jewish Theological Seminary of Amer¬
ica, the training institute for rabbis, cantors, scholars, educators, and lay lead¬
ers.
We must understand that Sisterhood is involved with the Youth and Education
departments at the Center. We provide holiday treats including Hammen-
taschen, general support, and summer scholarships for Camp Ramah, USY on
Wheels, and Israel programs.
We must understand that our fundraising projects, including Father’s Day bagel
boxes. New Year’s cards, New Year’s flowers, Leagrams, social affairs, and the
Judaiqa Shop not only enable us to support these programs and enrichments,
but also provide a service for the Center.
Voluntarism for Sisterhood is a labor of love and idealism, a learning experi¬
ence and a way of life. Our investment of time is our link to the future; by
volunteering, our values are transmitted to future generations.
Join us! Grow with us! Make new friendships and renew old ones. Learn more
about yourself, your Judaism, and your role as a Jewish woman. Help Sister¬
hood keep our synagogue and our Judaism strong and vibrant.
Best wishes for a joyous and healthy New Year, Phyllis Goldberg
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Budget
Jan Glassman
Nominating Comm.
Kathy Osterer
Sisterhood Board
Robin Allerding, Shirley Bielski, Robin
Blankstein, Cheryl Blum, Robin
DeCrispino, Michelle Frisch, Liz
Gartner, Horty Gendzier, Rhoda
Goldstein, Jane Grann, Eunice Gross,
Carol Harrison, Madeline Hecht, Wendy
Honigman, Edith Horovitz, Clara Jaffe,
Diane Jolson, Annette Kandel, Annetta
Komblum, Gertrude Kramer, Stevie
Levine, Hilda Lewit, Clara Mann, Jo
Marks, Robin Morris , Helen Pollan,
Marsha Pollock, Jeanine Rogozinski,
Randi Rogozinski, Marjie Rogozinski,
Gert Rosenblatt, Esther Rosenblum,
Ellen Rosner, Barbara Safer, Phyllis
Goldberg, Martha Savage, Blanche Slott,
Sheree Spriggs, Jean Weinberg, Sylvia
Weiss, Sharon Witten, Arlene Yegelwel
Florida Branch Spring Conference ’94
Merle Selevan, Shirley Bielski and Cheryl Blum enjoy every meeting.
26
