Message from the President
It’s hard for me to believe that I have had the pleasure and honor of serving one full year
as President at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In some ways it has been a long twelve
months, and in other ways, it seems like a very short year.
In every President’s term of office there certainly are a great many ups and downs.
However, you all can relax, I have no intention of enumerating all the hills and valleys we
have experienced this year. The bottom line is that we nave increased our school
Kpulation, and are adding a 7th grade to our Day School. We sold our frontage which
s enabled us to significantly reduce our mortgage debt, our programming has been
outstanding and well attended, our raffle income exceeded expectations by $5000.00.
We’re constantly expanding our services and developing new programs to meet the needs
of our growing congregation.
The major problem our synagogue faces is balancing the budget and staving solvent during
tough economic times. The building needs tremendous care. We just spent thousands of dollars to repair the roof, carpeting
needs replacing, walls need painting, furnishings are needed to complete certain areas. Much needs to be done on a
continual basis. This building is used every day by ¡
running smoothly from early morning until night.
so many... It’s a constant challenge to keep everything operating and
This would be a good time to thank the many people who have worked so hard for our synag
who have made my term of office such a gratifying experience. It is impossible to be specific
and staff to whom I owe so much, so I will just thank
all of you for your support and cooperation.
My heartfelt thanks to the many members who have
gone way beyond their own commitments to help
make up for those who have fallen on difficult times.
I guess such generosity is not unusual. That is what
Judaism is all about. I commend all of you, the real
heroes of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, who have
made such a wonderful synagogue, our very caring and
dedicated membership. L ’dor V’dor - generation to
generation. That is what we will have, as long as we
nave members and volunteers who give of themselves
to Judaism and our synagogue. Madeline, Elizabeth,
Allison and Stephanie join me in wishing all of you a
very happy and healthy year.
ue this past y
try to name tl
ar, people
! members
Message from the Cantor
Shalom Ya’Il
This is my opportunity to wish all of you a healthy and Happy New Year.
After being here for more than one year and a half, I’ve come to regard the
congregation as part of my family. I am filled with pride when I remember all the
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs the past year. Teaching your daughters to read Maftir
from the Torah for the first time and seeing their eagerness to learn, inspired
me even more. We have been given much nachas from our sons and daughters.
It has also been my privilege to have shared many other happy simchas with
you. I feel very blessed to have made such wonderful friendships.
As we listen to the music of our choir, congregation, and Shofar this Rosh
inscribed in the Book of Life for a year of good health, peace, and contentment.
Cantor Joel Fox
Hashanah, may you all be
May Ha Shem give us, our families and our extended families
dazzling moments of mitzvot,
shimmering hours of joy,
sparkling days of accomplishments and
a wondrous year of peace.
L ’Shanah Tovah Tikatayvou
7
HI
