Center Cemetery
Charlotte Fialkow and Blanche Slott, chairpersons
The Center owns and operates two cemeteries, both adjacent to the Evergreen Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both
are beautiful pieces of property with large shade trees and mature landscaping. The original cemetery is referred to as
the “Old Cemetery.” The new cemetery is known at the Center Memorial Park. The Center provides complete
maintenance of these grounds. Both cemeteries are open daylight hours every day except Shabbat and Jewish holidays.
A Memorial Service is conducted each year on the Sunday between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur at each of the
cemeteries.
Just as with other life cycle events at the Center, burial and mourning rites are reserved for Center members. Therefore,
only full members may purchase a plot in one of the Center cemeteries. Associate members are not eligible to purchase
a plot. For more information regarding the purchase of cemetery plots, please call the Center administrative office.
We thank the volunteers who serve on this important committee: Charlotte Fialkow and Blanche Slott,co-
chairmen; Sid Berkowitz, David Goldring, Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein, Jeffery Morris, Nathan Sandler, Michael
Schneider, Seeman Zimmerman, Stuart Hecht, Morrie Osterer, Marsha Pollock, Sol Proctor, Hymie
Selber, Elyse Whitman.
Chevrah Kaddisha
One of the most sacred tenets of Judaism is that the dead be treated
with as much dignity as the living. Many communities have burial
societies to insure that standards of caring and dignity are afforded to
all.
OFFICERS 1994
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Jacksonville has a Chevrah Kaddisha comprised of wonderful, com¬
passionate people. However, with the growth of the community, our
numbers are far less than needed. Additional people would allow us
to perform our tasks in the proper manner without overworking
anyone.
The ritual tasks include: 1) the Tahara... traditional washing and
shrouding of the body and placing it in the coffin, all accompanied by
appropriate prayers; 2) making arrangements for the Tahara; 3) being
a Shomer, one who watches the body until the funeral; 4) transporta¬
tion for the Shomer.
First Vice President
Ira Grann
Educational Chairman
Second Vice President
Robert Bossen
Custodian Chairman
Third Vice President
lisa Gottlieb
Committee Chairman
WE NEED NEW MEMBERS! Being a part of the Chevrah Kaddisha
means you perform the greatest Mitzvah of all...
performing a Mitzvah for someone who can never thank you.
Secretary
Deinya Maichen
Treasurer
Richard Bernard
Many of our present members felt they could never participate in our activities. Once they got involved they found
it to be surprisingly easy. Best of all, when you’re involved with the Chevrah Kaddisha you experience a sense of
satisfaction and spiritual well-being like no other you’ve ever felt.
Please think about it. If you’d like to join us or to get more information,
call Nathan Sandler or Bob Bossen... now!
63
