Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14 had another grand year in 1993-94. Founded in
1919, the Troop’s diamond anniversary was in February. A
special celebration and reunion commemorating 75 years of
scouting at the Jacksonville Jewish Center is planned. It is
expected that several charter members of Troop 14 will attend
the gala.
L interest^
community in order to promote personal growth and achieve¬
ment, positive self esteem, and character consistent with the
high kfeals of scouting.
Troop 14 began the past year with a trip to Charleston, South
Carolina. With others from around the country, our scouts
slept aboard the retired WW1I carrier Yorktown. While in
Charleston, the Troop visited the floating maritime museum
and Fort Sumter where the first shots of tne Civil War echoed.
The rugged scouts of Troop 14 conquered the 16-mile Ft.
Clinch Historic Trail Hike in near record time. At night, the
scouts could hear the crashing waves of the nearby Atlantic
Ocean from their rustic campsite.
In April, the Troop camped at Ginni Springs where they
canoed by moonlight along the Sante Fe River and snorkelea
in the clear, aquifer fed springs. Seemingly oblivious to the 72
degree water temperature, the scouts enjoyed the springs until
the lights were extinguished late at night.
Troop 14 joined thousands of scouts from North Florida at
Scout Wotid held annually at Jax NAS. Bill Wilensky led the
way in the sale of Scout World tickets. The ticket sales benefit
handicapped scouts.
Other outdoor weekends this year included camping trips to
old favorites: Blue Springs State Park, where manatees
sojourn for the winter; and Manatee Springs State Park along
the Suwannee River.
Program highlights this year included: a visit from a computer
whiz who disassembled computers before our eyes enabling
the scouts to see their components and how they work- a
meeting featuring Capt. Ralph Elliott, a renowned WWlI
fighter ace who shared his experiences of “dogfights” over the
Pacific with enemy pilots and his lasting impressions of serving
our country in combat; and meetings at the Center’s
primitive campgrounds where the scouts honed outdoor
skills by firelight.
The scouts delighted the crowd at the annual Blue and
Gold Banquet with some old standby skits and received
well-deserved recognition for past achievements. The
boys proudly participated in Sabbath services with our
Cub pack and Girl Scout troop at the annual Scout
Sabbath.
The scouts also followed their slogan, “do a good turn
daily.” Troop 14 served lunch to the residents of Mount
Carmel Gardens on Thanksgiving Day as has become an
annual tradition.
Troop 14 attended scout camp in July for a week at scenic
Camp Mecklenberg in the hills of North Carolina. The
contingent included scouts Philip Edit, Brian Usoff, Nick
Morcom, David Slavkin, Asher Trager, Ben Wolfson, Joey
Morcom, and Kenny Solomon and adults Steve Solomon,
Steve Morcom, Steve Slavkin and Richard Wolfson. Eric
Meomke was slated to attend scout camp in Utah.
Philip Echt and NickMorcom served as ablepatrol leaders,
and Alex Carroll and Eli Beet performed well as their
assistants. Kenny Solomon, Bemie Echt and Adam Dean
were Jr. Assistant Scoutmasters. Brian Usoff, Philip Echt,
and Nick Morcom were honored by election to the Order
of the Arrow, a select honor camper’s organization
affiliated with die Boy Scouts of America. New members
indude Fred Marks, Brian Parfitt, Joey Morcom, Asher
Trager, Eric Bull, And Ben Wolfson. Arnie Silverberg was
active as Troop mascot.
Special thanks to the adults who helped make the program
a success, including: Scoutmaster Randy Silverberg; As¬
sistant Scoutmasters Steve Solomon, Bill Wilensky, and
Harry Peltz; Outdoors Chairman Richard Wolfson; Troop
Committee Chairman Steve Morcom; and Committee
Members Charles Trager and Elfrida Echt.
Troop 14 is for boys grades 6 (or age 11) through 12.
Those interested may contad Randy Silverberg at 398-
0038 (W) or 733-6649 (H) or Harry Peltz at 737-0309.
169
