Community
“Honor thy father and mother
that thy days may be long...”
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH • AGING CENTER
This is the Fifth Commandment and the reward. The theme of
respect and responsibility for our forebears is central to the
organization of Jewish life.
It was this commandment which inspired the founding of
River Garden Hebrew Home in 1946. It was this commandment
which nourished the love and care that over the years has made
River Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence in its
field.
The success of River Garden is based on the tradition of
meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community needs and of
serving rich and poor alike with excellence. To be served, all
you need to do is call.
To enable River Garden to continue to fulfill its mission
of caring for all, regardless of ability to pay, the River Garden
Foundation became active in 1992. The Foundation trustees
encourage and facilitate major giving and endowment support of
the Home.
River Garden’s programs of short-term rehabilitative/
respite care, long-term residential care, Alzheimer’s and Adult
Day Care, serve over 180 people on any given day. These
programs are guided by a devoted, professional full-time staff of
over 200. This staff includes physicians and beauticians; nurses,
social workers, pharmacists, activities specialists; physical, occu¬
pational and speech therapists; dieticians, etc. In addition, scores
of dedicated volunteers help create a special caring community.
River garden is located on a 33 acre Mandarin campus.
By the end of 1994, these programs will be augmented by The
Coves, an independent retirement community.
River Garden is a community where people live, love
and care; a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish
content, and a community which every day strives to live up to
the mandate of the Fifth Commandment.
River Garden Officers
President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Secretary
Treasurer
Assistant Treasurer
Allen Gray
Fred Tromberg
Rubye Safer
Bernard Datz
Jack Price
Rose Lee Gold
Michael Lissner
Bernard Shainbrown
Martin Wolf
River Garden Holding Company
President
Vice President
Vice President
Honorary VP
Honorary V P
Secretary
Treasurer
Sheldon Gendzier
Lewis Meisel
Minnie Schreiber
Arthur Gutman
Irving Klepper
Herman Paul
Martin Wolf
River Garden Foundation
President
Vice President
Vice President
Secretary
Treasurer
Evan J. Yegelwel
Douglas J. Milne
Barbara Schneider
Bob Shields
Tom Hazel
11401 Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
260-1818
River Garden Auxiliary
During the summer, the Auxiliary has been busy reviewing 1994 and looking forward
to 1995. Looking back to last year, we can see how much the Auxiliary has accomplished.
The list of Auxiliary accomplishments for the residents and for River Garden are many.
Do you know that the Auxiliary provided innumerable hours to enrich the lives of the residents
and aid to the River Garden staff; refreshments for Anniversary Day; gifts for the residents for
Mother’s and Father’s Day; Chanukah, Purim, Mother’s and Father s Day and Anniversary day
functions; a steam table for the Rehab unit; wheelchair scale; and the annual Auxiliary donation
to the River Garden General Fund.
One of our greatest achievements was the Vantastic Venture. Last year we made the first
payment to cover the cost of the van. No doubt you have seen it taking residents to doctor’s
appointments, special trips and other outings.
We still have much to do in 1995. The Gift to the Home Luncheon will be held on January
24, tire Annual Blood Drive on October 16 and 17, and most importantly Tombola on March
26. As you can see, this year Tombola will once again be awarded on Anniversary Day. This year
it will have additional monetary prizes. An exciting way to welcome Spring is with the Annual
Special Event. Thus will be held on April 27.
The Auxiliary will continue to provide volunteers, refreshments and gifts for parties and
bingo prizes throughout the year. To keep each Auxiliary member apprised of each happening,
they will receive the “Helping Hands Bulletin” which is sent out three times a year.
With all the Auxiliary does, please do not forget and integral part- the Comer Store. Stop
by when you need that special gift for someone. We have many items enjoyed by the residents,
staff and guests of River Garden.
_ -.The Board of Directors join in wishing everyone a Healthy Happy New Year. L’Shana
Tova Tikatavu to all.
Officers
Co-Presidents
Charlotte D. Jacobs
Iris Spitzer
Vice Presidents:
Judy Dushoff
Fundraising
Gayle Bailys
Membership
Service Coordinator
Arlene Yegelwel
Treasurer
Evelyn Meisel
Secretaries:
Sandi Roth
Corresponding
Ruth Nachman
Financial
Mary Selber
Recording
