Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14, founded in 1919, completed another memorable year. Blending the traditional and the modem, the Troop continues to
foster the needs and growth of today’s youth.
Central to scouting is the active, outdoor program which it offers to youth. Troop 14 opened its camping program this past year
with a weekend trek to beautiful Manatee Springs near the Gulf Coast for swimming and canoeing. Troop 14 then turned its sights on
the River Bend District Camporee where the Troop distinguished itself in competition as the outstanding Troop in the district.
A contingent of some 50 scouts and family converged on Fort Wilderness for a weekend of camping and fun at the annual Scout
Scamporee at Disney World. Winter saw the Troop camp at beautiful Blue Springs where the manatees take refuge from the colder
St. Johns River.
The Osceola National Park hosted Troop 14 for the weekend of the reenactment of the Battle of Olustee, the largest Civil War
battle in Florida. Troop 14 also camped at Fort Clinch State Park where the scouts completed the rugged 16-mile historic hike. Troop
12, sponsored by the Temple, joined our Troop for an “Old-Timers’ ” reunion and campout. The boys hosted former scouts and their
families to celebrate the proud history of the Troops and their great contributions to the community.
Service to others continues to be a fundamental principle of scouting. In 1985, Troop 14 began a Thanksgiving Day tradition of
serving the residents of Mount Carmel Gardens with a special Holiday meal. The scouts learned that helping others can truly be an
enjoyable and enriching experience for all.
Troop 14 and Cub Pack 14 combined for a another memberable Scout Sabbath with scouts participating in the service led by
Rabbi Kentoff.
The highlight of the past year for six scouts and three adults was a journey to Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico. The group
hiked the inclines of the rugged Rocky Mountains at altitudes over 14,000 feet. The hardy group treked over 100 miles carrying all
their food, clothing and equipment on their backs. The group still managed time to pan for gold, visit the Kit Carson museum and
partake of other activities which make Philmont perhaps the ultimate scouting experience. Congratulations go the scouts Michael
Weitzen, Adam DePaul, Jeff Ghelerter, Life Wilensky, Roger Golcher, Sean Usoff, and adults, Dan Wilensky, Bill Wilensky and Dr.
Jerome Weitzen.
Many of the remaining scouts, 15 in all, attended summer camp at nearby Camp Shands. Scouts Sean Usoff and Roger Golcher
served as counselors in training.
Troop 14 is for boys ages 11 or having completed the fifth grade through adulthood. Interested persons may contact the Center
office.
Boys and adults from Troop 14 at Camp Philmont
ADULT LEADERS
Randy Silverberg Scoutmaster
Bill Wilensky Assist. Scoutmaster
Dan Wilensky Assist. Scoutmaster
Greg Walsh Assist. Scoutmaster
Harry Peltz Assist. Scoutmaster
Steve Ghelerter Committee Chairman
Sean Usoff ...
Jeff Ghelerter .
Roger Golcher
Michael Weitzen
Adam DePaul .
Marty Gottlieb
Michael Walsh
PATROL LEADERS
Senior Patrol Leader
Patrol Leader
Patrol Leader
Patrol Leader
Assist. Patrol Leader
Assist. Patrol Leader
Assist. Patrol Leader
160
