The Adult Education Committee
During the year 1985-86, The Adult Education Committee met often and worked diligently to provide an inspiring and
informative program for adults. Chaired by Dot Verstandig, the committee included Ellen and Neil Abramson, Jay Aronson,
Robert and Marlene Bossen, Linda and Joel Bressler, Phyllis and Lawrence Goldberg, Chary and Michael Greenburg, Sharon
Kessler, Robert Lipsky, Susan and Edward Millunchick, Judy and Edward Mizrahi, Robin Morris, Florence Schreiber, Minnie
Schreiber, Randee and Martin Steinberg, Dot and Harry Verstandig, and Mary Zimmerman.
Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture — December 15-16, 1985
Benjamin Setzer
Joe Levit
Benjamin Setzer and Joe Levit were in-laws and warm
personal friends. It is appropriate that their devotion to family and
dedication to their respective communities be acknowledged
through the Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture. This program,
has been endowed by their children Leah Setzer Levit and Milton
Levit of Houston, for the purpose of informing and inspiring the
congregants of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and the Jacksonville
community regarding our Jewish concerns. This is a most fitting
legacy to their parents' memories.
RABBI HAROLD SCHULWEIS, of Congregation Valley Beth Shalom,-Encino, California, is one
of the noted and distinguished Rabbis serving the American Jewish community. An extraordinarily
popular speaker, Rabbi Schulweis has moved audiences with his remarks, and with his keen
observations and analyses of the Jewish condition. His provocative and insightful lectures
encompass every theme of importance.
Rabbi Schulweis spoke Sunday, December 15th at 7:30 p.m. on the “Jewish Conceptions of Love:
The Family in Search of a Meaning”. -Refreshments were served after a question and answer period.
Following a continental breakfast on Monday, December 16th, Rabbi Schulweis spoke on “What We
Want For Our Children”. A panel of professionals provided questions and further insights. The
audience was encouraged to participate. Both sessions were well received.
SHABBATON WEEKEND '85
Featuring Dr. Leonard Fein
DR. LEONARD FEIN is a scholar and writer who is widely recognized as one of the most
provocative interpreters of the Jewish experience of our time. His essays on every aspect of
the Jewish agenda appear regularly in the pages of Moment Magazine, which he serves as
editor. His essays on the Middle East, published in Moment, have been widely quoted in the
New York Times, Time, Newsweek, and dozens of other publications.
THE SHABBATON WEEKEND began Friday evening March 28, with Shabbat Services.
Following a lovely dinner, Dr. Fein addressed his remarks to the issue of “Israel-Diaspora
Relations”. Dr. Fein spoke from the pulpit Saturday morning March 29, on “American
Jewry-What should be our goals beyond those of just Jewish survival”. A cordial and
informal dialogue with Dr. Fein was the highlight of the Shabbat luncheon. Saturday evening,
a wine and cheese reception preceded Dr. Fein’s concluding talk on “Religious Pluralism”.
55
