United Synagogue Summer Programs
United Synagogue of America offers varied summer programs for youth of all ages.
Many of our Center youth participated in these programs.
Camp Ramah
Adds a New Dimension to your Child’s Growth as a Jew
Camp Ramah provides the opportunity of a total Jewish living experience
for children and teenagers in the relaxed atmosphere of a summer camp.
Values built on a shared experience and emotion reach our sons and
daughters in a manner impossible in a formal school program. Over the years,
RAMAH has helped instill a deeper commitment to Judaism in many of its
participants.
The Center believes that benefits accrue to the congregation, not just to the
individual. We have therefore made monies available to reduce the financial
cost of qualified students regardless of need. These monies are not part of the
regular Center budget, but rather are raised by donations to the Myra Thier
Lazarus Ramah Fund, Center Sisterhood, scholarships and from other donations made throughout the year.
Two families have helped us greatly. The Gordon Family has established a scholarship fund in memory of the beloved Robert J.
Gordon. A long list of deserving boys and girls have been able to go to Ramah because of this scholarship. Abe Selber established in
his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish education purposes. With th full support of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never
lost interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe Selber Trust have been used to send campers to Ramah.
Ramah Campers: David Bielski, Cheryl Bossen, Lowell Figur, Aron Greenburg, Laurie Greenburg, Jay Goldstein, Lee Kaplan,
Elizabeth Millunchick, Michelle Millunchick and Morry Safer.
Our appreciation to Horty Gendzier, who has worked so diligently to coordinate this very worthwhile program.
Ramah in Israel Seminar
This six week teen
program is an exciting
tour of Israel. Manya
and David Lazarus
spent a wonderful
summer with hund¬
reds of Jewish teens
from all over the
world.
The program includ¬
ed Judaica study.
Manya & David
Lazarus
USY on Wheels
Designed for high school students, this tour gives Jewish
teens the opportunity to travel across the United States,
visiting the many Jewish communities.
The trip is geared to the interests of teenagers. The group
goes coast to coast, seeing Big Sur and San Francisco,
spending Shabbat outdoors in a national park, visiting many parts of our
country. Most of all, they do it as Jews, learning that one can see America and
be a Jew, that they can have fun as observant Conservative Jews,
Center teens on Wheels: Beth Greenburg (pictured) Lara Shriftman, Sherri
Trager and Rick Plotkin.
White Water Rafting
This unique program was
led by Rabbi Dov Kentof,
and assisted by Alan Cohen
and Alan Silberberg. For
five days twelve young men
and their leaders enjoyed
the challenge of the rapids
of Chatooga in the
mountains of North
Carolina# The lucky guys
were: Michael Aronsohn,
Greg Balotin, Bobby and
Teddy dayman, Joseph
Cohen, Patrick Gibson, Ilya
Giter, Robert Hyken, Jeff
Myers, David Schnipper,
Val Teper and Brent
Trager.
161
