Message from the President
Once again the New Year is upon us, a time for reflection, a time for introspection, and a
time for giving thanks for having reached another milestone. As the President of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center I have much to be thankful for. I am thankful that the Center has
excellent professionals that guide our many and varied programs. I am thankful for the
concerned and dedicated lay leadership that has and will always be the backbone of our
congregation. And most importantly I am thankful for you, our members, for it is through you
and for you that the Center exists.
A Synagogue-Center doesn’t just happen. It evolves through the needs and the desires of
its members. It adds programs as its membership grows and makes demands. Our
Synagogue has continued to meet the needs our members have expressed. We are by no
means finished, for the needs of our congregants change, and as they do, more demands are
placed upon us to satisfy these needs.
And that’s why I am the most thankful. For as members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center you have not only demanded that the
Center meet your needs, you have come forward with the ideas, the physical efforts, and the financial where-with-all in order to
meet these demands. You have not allowed the Center to stagnate, and become complacent. And for this I am truly thankful.
BECAUSE of your demands we have continued to grow and to mature into one of the finest Synagogue Centers in the nation.
At this holiday time I can only hope that we can as a congregation go forward together and that the Jacksonville Jewish Center
will always be “The Center of your Life.”
From Annetta, Craig, Paige, Josh and I - a healthy, happy and prosperous New Year.
L'Shana Tovah.
Gene Kornblum
President
Best Wishes
For a Happy & Healthy New Year
Prudential-Bache Securities, Inc.
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen
Jonathan D. Schlackman
Vice President
Member Investments
NYSE 1300 Gulf Life Dr., Suite 508
NASD Jacksonville, Florida 32207
Phone
904-398-2211
Nat. 800-874-4402
FL. 800-342-0689
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
21
