Three Members Honored on
Simhat Torah
Sol H. Proctor
Hatan Torah
Two words describe Sol Proctor, “always
there.”
Whether it be Shabbat and holidays in Shul,
committee work or advice, Sol Proctor is always
willing to serve — unselfishly, modestly, and with a
deep-rooted concern for the financial stability and
welfare of the congregation.
A third generation member of the Center, Sol
grew up in a home where commitment and devo¬
tion to Jewish life were very important. His father,
Jack Proctor, of blessed memory, served as
minyan captain for many years. As a child Sol
would accompany his father, learning early on the
importance of religious commitment and duty.
Our Hatan Torah is proud of the religious train¬
ing he received at the Center and continually
strives to see that the present and future
generations are as fortunate as he has been. He is
a past president of the Center and now serves as
chairman of the board. Sol’s dedication extends to
the community, as well. He is a past president of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center, the Lion’s Club
and Israel Bonds and has also served on the
Federation board.
We honor Sol Proctor for his deep-devotion to
the Center and to Jewish life. Sharing this honor
are his daughters, Terri and Sandy; his brothers,
Samuel, Meyer, David, George and Irving, and
other members of the family.
Joel V. Bressler
Hatan Beresheet
Joel V. Bressler has served our Congregation in
the capacity of acting Cantor, or “bdal t’filah,” on
Shabbat and holidays for eight years, carrying on
the high quality of religious, musical tradition
established by his mentor, Cantor-Emeritus A.
Marton, beginning almost forty years ago.
Eleven years ago he helped found the Hevra
Kaddisha (Jewish Burial Society) and has served
as its first and only president ever since. He is the
treasurer of the local Zionist District, a Center
board member and a member of the Duval
County Pharmacy Association. He also serves as
the Pharmacy representative to hospice.
A man of many talents, our Hatan Beresheet is
a very knowledgeable Jew. He willingly shares this
knowledge as a teacher of many adult education
classes. The congregation is grateful that Joel
Bressler has chosen the Center to be the
beneficiary of his many talents and education.
Our honoree shares this joy with his supportive
wife, Linda, his daughters, Deborah, and Judy,
and his son, Reuben. His mother, Celia Bressler,
equally shares this simha.
Clara K. Jaffe
Woman of Valor
“Ever since I can remember, the Jacksonville
Jewish Center has been the center of my life,”
recalls Clara Jaffe.
Born and bred in Jacksonville, our Woman of
Valor has been involved in the Center’s education¬
al programs, both as a student and as a long-time
teacher. She watched the Center grow from a
small building on Duval Street to a complex on
Third and Silver Streets and from there to its
present 36 acre site.
As a young mother, Clara assumed the presi¬
dency of Sisterhood. It was during her term that
the Activities Building was dedicated, a day Clara
describes as very memorable and a highlight of her
presidency.
Recognizing her leadership abilities and talents,
Florida Branch elected her to serve as Treasurer
and then Regional Speaker. She was program
chairman and Life Membership Chairman for
Hadassah. Whenever called to help, Clara was
always quick, to respond to the needs of the
Center and the community. Even now she is
actively involved in the Sisterhood Gift Shop,
attends services regularly and maintains a stead¬
fast loyalty to Sisterhood and the Center.
We honor this warm and friendly and creative
woman, devoted mother and loyal friend. Her
children, Marilyn Garber and Dr. Norman Jaffe;
her grandson, Michael, and other members of her
family as well as the entire congregation praise
Clara for her dedication to the Center.
Captains
We gratefully acknowledge the following volunteer captains who have enhanced our daily, Shabbat and holiday services.
Usher Captains
Leon Schinasi, Co-ordinator
Robert Bossen
Raymond Cohen
Carl Goldberg
Barney Margolin
David Mazo
Dr. Ed Millunchick
Marty Weisstein
Minyan Captains
SUNDAY Philip Selber, a.m.
Nathan Shmunes, Leon Schinasi & Bill Goldberg, p.m.
MONDAY Dr. Nathan Schneider, a.m.
Adam Jacobson, p.m.
TUESDAY Blanche Slott, a.m.
Martin Brauner & Dr. Michael Greenburg, p.m.
WEDNESDAY Dave Mazó, a.m.
Jack Silverman & Barney Margolin, p.m.
FRIDAY David Epstein, a.m.
37
