HADASSAH, the largest Women’s Zionist Organization of America, will be
celebrating its Diamond Jubilee during 1987.
As Jews we have always been linked to Israel in a bond of love, loyalty and deep
commitment. HADASSAH, since its inception, has filled a need for healing, teaching and
research. 75 years later HADASSAH is Israel’s and the world’s medical pace-setter. We
established medical and dental schools, public health and social welfare systems. Our
hospitals at Kiryat Hadassah and Mt. Scopus in Jerusalem represent the latest in
medical equipment, technology and treatment. Results of research completed at our
facilities are published to the medical community, worldwide.
In 1934, at the start of Hitler years, HADASSAH organized a youth rescue
movement bringing out groups of German youngsters. Since then Youth Aliyah has
cared for and cared about over 225,000 youngsters from 80 lands - changing to meet the
needs of each successive group. Our latest challenge was absorbing 2,000 Ethiopian
youngsters.
In 1942, through the HADASSAH Israel EDUCATION Services, a vocational
education program was established which has expanded to include a four year
comprehensive high school and Jerusalem’s first Community College. Our
commitment is to youth and to developing an educated skilled work force which is
essential to Israel’s continued economic growth.
In the United States, HADASSAH, through a monthly magazine, provides our
385,000 members with information on Israel, women’s affairs and other current issues -
such as separation of church and state and human rights.
In Jacksonville, HADASSAH instituted “EDUCATION DAY” which has been an
annual event the Jewish Community looks forward to. HADASSAH has grown to meet
the needs of our members and so did we in JACKSONVILLE. We have four active
groups; 3 EVENING and 1 DAY; Avodah, Hannah Senesch, Shir Li, and Tikva.
HADASSAH offers you a means of fulfilling your Jewish heritage. We look forward
to meeting you and involving you in our 75th Anniversary activities during the entire
year.
We wish everyone a Shana Tova, a year of health, happiness and peace.
Shalom,
Susan Rosenberg, President
JACKSONVILLE Chapter
Susan Rosenberg
HADASSAH JACKSONVILLE
Chapter Board
President Susan Rosenberg
731-5543
Membership Vice President
Hilda Goldstein
737-8198
Fund-Raising Vice-President m
Rhoda Kagan
Co-Chairperson ... Bess Rothstein
Program Vice-Pres. Teddy Moscovitz
Education Vice-Pres. .. Barbara Safer
Treasurer Anne Mattes
Financial Sec Elaine Barnert
Recording Sec Freda Isenberg
Corresponding Sec. .. Adele Levitin
Avodah Group Executive Board
President ... Vivian Kaplan 724-0335
Membership Vice-Pres Elaine Furman 733-0608
Fund-Raising
Vice-President Diane Ulshafer
Educ. Vice-Pres Elaine Weiss
Prog. Vice-Pres Mere Schwartz
Treasurer Renee Middleton
Recording. Sec Eunice Gross
Corr. Sec Glorya Weintraub
Financial Sec Gertrude Brown
Avodah meets the third Wednesday evening of each month
Hannah Senesch Evening Group Executive Board-1986-87
President Adele Levitin 731-3980
Vice Presidents
Education Floranne Kerr
Membership Dorothy Freedman 733-91%
Eunice Safer
Fund Raising Gertrude Kramer
Jean Weinberg
Program Esther Glaser
Secretaries
Financial Lillian Meizlik
Recording Charlotte Fialkow
Treasurer Jay Aronson
Hannah Senesch meets the second Wednesday evening of each month
Tikva Group of Hadassah
President Mary Wolf 3%-1409
Vice Pres. Membership Pearl Marton 641-7093
Vice Pres. Fund Raising Rhoda Kagan
Prog. Vice Pres Teddy Moscovitz
Educ. Vice Pres Rochelle Battock
Treasurer . Rita Garfirikel
Secretaries
Recording Evelyn Meisel
Corresponding Dodie Cohen
Financial Edna Reich
Tikva Group meets the second Tuesday of each month, day meeting.
Shir Li Group Executive Board
President June Shenkman 268-8647
Vice President, Membership Ellen Setzer737-0076
Vice President, Education Robin Morris
Vice President, Fund Raising .Elyse Whitman
Vice President, Programming Sheryl Sekine
Treasurer Jo Marks
Financial Secretary Liz Gartner
Corresponding Secretary Dale Schemer
Recording Secretary Jan Glassman
Shir Li meets second Wednesday evening of each month
