coming November 21-22,1986
NNIS PRÁGER first earned public attention by
rting the West to the plight of Soviet Jewry,
ter as director of Brandis-Bardin Institute, Mr.
ager became internationally known for his ability
1 attract skeptical and alienated Jews to Judaism,
nai Brith called him “perhaps the most eloquent
peaker of his generation”. The Adult Education
Committee entusiastically invites you to interact
IHi ^™*zmqlv gifted man.
THE ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE PRESENTS
Shabbaton
Weekend
FEATURING
Dennis Prager
Internationallyj acclaimed for his writings and lectures on
contemporary society and on Judaism, Dennis Prager will
present 3 lectures on the theme.
“THE CASE FOR JUDAISM
IN THE LATE 20th CENTURY”
Topics to be discussed include:
• Why I am a Jew.
• Do the Jews have a distinctive role in the world?
• Does Judaism have something unique to say to
humanity?
• Why the Holocaust does not negate G-d’s existence.
• Where have all the young Jews gone?
FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL:
Susan and Ed Millunchick 262-7545
Judy and David Mizrahi 733-6851
Torah Reading Program
Those of us who were born and raised with traditional values are often
appalled by the misdirections taken by “free choice” adherents. Is this
the future of American Jewish life? Concerned parents will want to find
ways of coping with this deterioration. One very positive and strong
influence is continued association with the Torah Reading program. A
number of post-Bar Mitzvahs have chosen this course and have found it
well-rewarding.
Many of our trainees have remained active readers even after
establishing careers and families. We are most proud of these people.
They came forward in a pinch to run the whole cycle of readings while I
was away. They are still with us when long portions are read. This is an incalculable service to the congregation.
There is a verse at the beginning of the morning service (p.44) praying; “May we and our children and all the
future generations of the house of Israel know Thy name (meaning the qualities of a better direction for their
lives) and learn Thy Torah for its own sake”. May we strive for this goal.
Torah Readers 1985-86
Dr. Neil Abramson, Simeon Abramson, Michael Aronsohn, Brian Benwick, Larry Bernard, Rick Bernard, Jack
Bettman, Bob Bossen, Adam DePaul, Moti Demri, Lowell Figur, Dr. Larry Goldberg, Alex Greenbaum, Bruce
Horovitz, Adam Jacobson, Burton Katz, Jonathan Katz, David Lazarus, Steve Meisel, Alan Mizrahi, Dr. David
Mizrahi, Michael Schneider, Steven Shapiro, Jack Silverman, Nathan Weiss, Michael Weitzen.
Ted Gross, Coordinator
