Zionist Organization of America
Jacksonville District
OFFICERS
President
Chairman of the Board .
Vice Presidents
Membership
Fund Raising
Education
Programs
Recording Secretary
Financial Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Parlimentarian.
Historian
JNF Chairmen
.. Wendy Honigman
Milton B. Mann, MD
Lillian Meizlik
Alan Taffet
Anne Shmunes
Ina Taffet
Leon & Lois Robins
Linda Bressler
... Clara Mae Mann
Joel Bressler
Nathan Shmunes
Joseph Honigman, MD
Cantor A1 and Pearl Marton
The Zionist Organization of America, Jacksonville District, has
had one of its most successful years. It has been our custom for
almost 40 years to sponsor a Jewish National Fund Banquet in order
to plant trees in Israel. This year we honored Larry Rackow by
planting over 2,000 trees in the Larry Rackow Woodland which is
located in the northern Galilee area. Our most important function is
support of national ZOA which monitors activities in our nation’s
capital, the White House, Congress, and all other relevant agencies.
The Zionist Information News Service provides a weekly news
bulletin filled with vital information not usually found elsewhere. ZOA
Headquarters in NYC serves as a cultural and educational center for
Zionist activity in America. ZOA has accepted the challenge of the
Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations
to fight against UN Resolution 3379 which equates “Zionism with
racism.” ZOA is one of the few Zionist organizations with a
constituency whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel. Renew
your committment to Israel by joining with us.
Jacksonville District ZOA is continuing the ZOA/MASADA SCHOLARSHIP Fund which awards scholarships to students
of the Jacksonville community. The recipients may choose from the many Masada Youth Programs in Israel. These programs
provide a six week tour of Israel: exploring from the Galilee to the Gulf of Eilat. The applicants must submit an essay on an
assigned topic and then be interviewed by the scholarship committee. For an application, please call Ina Taffet at 737-7848.
B’nai B’rith, an international service organization founded in
1843, united world Jewry for the advancement of the Jewish
people and helps create a better world for all people. The
needs of the world are great and B’nai B’rith sets an example
to follow. Whether those needs be providing for the poor,
caring for the aged, visiting the sick or incarcerated,
supporting science and art, programming for youth, assisting
victims of natural disasters, making sure Israel lives, or
elevating the mental and moral character of the people of our
faith, B’nai B’rith is more than just a concept, it is living
experience whose resource is people. This vast resource ■
people — are giving of themselves to help create an
atmosphere of compassion and understanding. B’nai B’rith is
an organization that opens its arms to all Jewish people and
lets those people gain honor, dignity and authenticity through
programs of educational value, awareness and action.
ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE #800
6161 Phillips Highway, Jacksonville, Florida 32216
U.S.A. (904) 731-3406
Stuart Hecht President
Bob Armel Vice-President
Harry Nestler Vice-President
Richard Miller Vice-President
Milton Hecht Vice-President & Treasurer
Donald Sampson Chaplain
187
