River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged
Michael M. Greenburg, DMD President
Lee Horovitz .. Vice President-Chairman of Admissions Board
Judge Harvey Schlesinger Secretary
Martin Wolf Treasurer
Martin A. Goetz, MS, MPA Administrator
River Garden
Holding Company
Herman Paul
President
Arthur Gutman
Vice President
Martin Gutkin
Treasurer
Peter Winterfield
Secretary
Elliott Palevsky, MA
Executive Director
There is excitement at River Garden. While building upon the residential and care programs which are an extension of Jewish family life locally
and serve as a model nationally, River Garden is preparing for an extraordinary metamorphosis:
A campus for good living with gracious apartments for adults, lakes, streams, wooded walkways, and recreation areas with service availability to
respond to every need.
A “Town Center” with shops and lounges, restaurants, medical clinics, and craft centers and, of course, a campus Chapel;
A new residential geriatric care center, our own “River Garden Hebrew Home,” which will provide all of the programs of a nursing home and
rehab center without looking a bit like a medical facility, incorporating the latest environmental gerontological research to help each resident make
the most of abilities and the most out of life — a place for care and caring, but, perhaps most importantly, a place that will truly feel like home;
A center for outreach geriatric services, both social and medical, making available to every Jewish family the best in clinical and support services
right in their own homes;
Fields for youngsters to play with grandparents looking on where both can then go feed the ducks and have a slice of kosher pizza later.
All of this and more will be developed on 34 beautiful acres on St. Augustine Road not more than 7 minutes from all Jewish congregations and
right off 1-295.
River Garden’s 40-year tradition of service as part of the Jewish community, under inspired leadership, requires the Boards and Auxiliary of
River Garden to plan for the highest quality of life for each of us. Daring to dream and acting to make the dream real is a must at a time when living
well beyond 80 is commonplace, when our Jacksonville Jewish community is poised for major growth, and in face of the urgent need to emphasize
Jewish values, assert Jewish identity, and support inter-generational Jewish family living.
Our sense of mission rose out of the past 40 years. Our sense of purpose addresses the next 40 years and beyond. With the moral and financial
support of our own Jewish community, the dream can become real before the decade is out. At that point, in addition to “Shalom,” we’ll be able to
say, “Hi, Neighbor!”
River Garden Auxiliary
RIVER GARDEN AUXILIARY
President Mrs. Charles Mizrahi
Vice President-Fund Raising Mrs. Jack Price
Vice President-Serv. Coordinator Mrs. Arthur Goldstein
Vice President-Membership Mrs. Harry Slutzah
Vice President-Operations Mrs. Martin Caplan
General Treasurer Mrs. Manuel Katz
Financial Secretary Mrs. Harry Tuckman
Recording Secretary Mrs. Louis Kaplan
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Ruben Janofsky
In today’s very specialized world, aging is becoming more and more a much-inquired about topic. Modem medicine has expanded a healthier
and longer lifespan for our senior citizens. We of the Auxiliary are often asked what we are all about. With our motto, “Service with a heart,” we
dedicate our time and efforts exclusively to the residents of River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged. Under a very structured volunteer
program, we participate in and sponsor activities for our residents such as “Out to Lunch” on a one-to-one basis, Special Holiday Programs on
Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Hanukah and Puiim. We sponsor a very successful annual blood bank drive for the exclusive use of our residents,
volunteers and staff. Our Sunshine Program provides hospitalized residents with visitations and a little get-well gift from the Auxiliary. We staff
residents’ dances and our “Little Store” with volunteers. We provide friendly visitors and assist in shopping, letterwriting, and many of us have
“adopted a friend.”
For our general membership, we this year have held our first and successful paid-up membership dinner. The Auxiliary is also proud to provide
for extra budgetary and equipment needs for the exceptional facility we call our home. Through annual dues, life memberships, Tombola, Tree of
Life, Donors, Residents’ Memorial Plaques, Fifth Commandment Plaques and linen shower we have been able to contribute to the purchase of
medical equipment and furnishings for the use of our residents and professional staff. Our three general membership meetings in October,
January and May — are planned carefully by the various chairpeople and have become a fun time to lunch, socialize and enjoy excellent
entertainment and programs. Anniversary Day in March is always on a bigger scale and is open to the entire community. It is usually planned in
conjunction with the Board of Trustees’ and professional staff, and is hosted by the Auxiliary ladies. This year we celebrated River Garden’s 40th
Anniversary and had festivities planned for the whole weekend of March 15,1986, with activities geared to accomodate the very youngest child to
the most senior citizen and our community.
“Service with a Heart?” Yes! We need you. There is always a place for you in the Auxiliary. Our sincerest hope is that by reading this, you will
realize that, together, with our helping hand, our smile, and our love, we’ll always be there so that we can perpetuate TOGETHER our River
Garden Home for you, you you... and me!
We wish you and yours a very Happy, Healthy and Prosperous New Year.
Ginette Mizrahi
189
