Mr. and Mrs. Club
If you are interested in a social club that has a good time dancing, eating, and just plain having fun try the MR. AND MRS. CLUB
one time at our expense and I am sure you will want to join your friends. We have our affairs every third Saturday each month and a
terrific New Years party all at the same reasonable dues which is paid quarterly. Call Ms. Rose Lieberman and ask to put your
name in for the month you would like to come to one of our affairs and she will arrange the rest. Call 725-5622 or Joe Cohen, Pres, at
733-2762. Sony this offer does not include New Years but you may attend at a fair charge per couple.
OFFICERS AND BOARD MEMBERS
1986-87
President . Joe and Jean Cohen
Vice-President Hugh and Gloria Schulman
Treasurer Louis and Emily Kaplan
Recording Sec Jessee and Marlene E. Knieberg
Corresponding Secretary .Rose Lieberman
Ex-Offico .Marty and Bea Caplan
BOARD MEMBERS
A1 and Lillian Berner Jakob and Ella Rogozinski
Dr. Robert and Norma Gerson
Joseph and Irma Sandler
Judge Samuel and Marilyn Konefsky
Progressive Credit Union
OFFICERS
Chairman of the Board Moe B. Safer
President Herman S. Paul
Vice-President David Gradman
Secretary Harlan D. Helming
Treasurer Joseph Cohen
Board Members Jean I. Benjamin
W. Z. (Bill) Goldberg
Jordan Ansbacher
Edwin Presser
Credit Committee Irwin Gendzier, Chairman
Milton Hecht
Herman Gelman
Supervisory Committee Robert L. Jacobs
Steve Meisel
Richard Miller
Associate Board Members Richard Bernard
Wallace Rubenstein
Ann Rubenstein
Stuart Hecht
Minnie Schreiber
The Progressive Credit Union continues to be the best kept secret in town. Hundreds of families have benefited with loans that
were unavailable anywhere else. All of this has been going on in such a quiet fashion that many people are completely unaware the
Progressive Credit Union exists.
The Credit Union was begun over 45 years ago to provide a measure of financial service to deserving persons of the Jewish faith.
It has operated continuously over these years and has more than $600,000 in assets.
Every member is covered by life insurance in an amount equal to the dollars he has on deposit and at no cost to the member,
because premiums are paid for by the Credit Union. Interest is equal to other savings institutions. Loans are made at the lowest
possible interest rate.
One of the highlights of the year is the annual business meeting dinner with door prizes and entertainment.
The Progressive Credit Union invites new members. Call the office at 445 St. James Bldg, for low cost auto loans or any other
financial needs. Details for membership are available by calling 3544770.
193
