Rabbi’s Message
The Forgotten Sin
On the forthcoming High Holidays, assembled in prayer, we will confess our
transgressions. The catalogue of sins is extensive as we recount the wrongs committed
during the course of the year. We seek forgiveness for the offenses committed against God -
violations of religious law, i.e. the Sabbath, Kashruth, non-observance of the holidays, etc.
and other dictates of our faith. We confess sins committed against our fellow man - against his
property, his person, his dignity, his sensitivities and feeling.
But there is a third category not included in the above, but of great ultimate consequence -
the sin each of us commits against ourselves, against our own spirit, our own selfhood - a sin
which often eludes our awareness. If I violate a Divine Command, a community and a
tradition witness my failure. If I wrong my neighbor, he will call me to task. But if I wrong
myself, if I deny my spirit, if I abuse the power of my selfhood - no audience admonishes me,
no witness warns me. The High Holidays call us, therefore, to focus our gaze inward and see
the stain we have caused upon our own souls. What are they? - they should be obvious. We
have capacities for greatness that atrophy, visions of goodness that fade, beautifies of mind
and heart that wither.
I missed seeing the movie “Amadeus” when it was playing as a first-run film. I caught up
with it during the course of my vacation in a movie house that features old but classic films.
Briefly, “Amadeus” is a story of how Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was kept from becoming a
recognized genius in his day by the Court Composer, Antonio Salieri. Salieri was possessed
by jealousy for Mozart’s creativity and his genius. What weighed most heavily on Salieri’s
mind is the realization that Mozart’s genius was ignored whereas his own mediocrity was
celebrated.
Salieri’s life was a testimony to mediocrity - of not being able to stand comfortably in the presence of genius. For thousands of
years the Jewish people have been taught to revere genius, to shun mediocrity, to search for truth, to suspect popular taste and
convention, to be skeptical of contemporary fads and fancies. But Amadeus was a warning for me as well. It underscored the theme
of how frequently we settle for so little, how willing we are to place low ceilings over our lives and to see the horizons only of the
foreground, never attributing or granting ourselves the visions we might have.
When we sin against ourselves we also sin against God. When we look upon ourselves as creatures incapable of change
(...“Rabbi...don’t ask me to be more than I am - you can’t teach an old dog new tricks”.) we sin against God. As our horizons
become limited, we no longer remember our genealogy, for we are children of God. Rabbi Shlomo of Karlin used to say: “What is
the worst thing the evil urge can do? It is to make man forget that he is the son of a King.”
God is not affected by our wrong doing...most especially when we wrong ourselves, but we are. When we lose a sense of the
significance of our lives we are diminished. We can renew our lives. The Bible is replete with stories of false starts or poor
beginnings. Adam and Eve have two sons - Cain and Abel, but the human story begins again after the first crime, with their child
Seth. The first set of Tablets of the Ten Commandments is destroyed, but Moses fashions a new set. Over and over again the Bible
has stories of false starts and of botched beginnings and of man’s need to recoup and start over. This is what Rosh Hashanah and
Yom Kippur are all about - the celebration of the human ability to re-create, to begin again. We are not everything we would like to
be. Therefore, these days provide the opportunity to evaluate and refocus, to restart our lives. Not to realize this is to commit the
real sin - the one we commit against ourselves. In our indifference to the world around us and to the possibilities inherent within us
we fashion a prison for our own soul. Self-centered people, no matter how relentlessly they indulge every whim, aré ultimately
troubled with a deep inner unrest because they sense that their lives are empty. To be stingy with our love, parsimonious with our
sympathy, calculating with our warmth, we become walled in by our own selfishness.
No one of us comes to shul during the year 5747 the way he/she was in 5746. A year has past. And we have changed. Coming to
shul these days means that we know we can change and grow even more. We can become renewed from the experiences of our
lives and those of our tradition which remind us that we can begin again. Let us use these days well. Come to services with your
family and with your loved ones - get in touch with them and with yourself; make these days a time of new beginnings and when you
rise for the prayers of confession add one more transgression... “for the sin which I have committed against myself’ and follow that
with one more resolution - “to be kinder and more thoughtful to the self you might become.”
Inge and I take this opportunity to express our heartfelt prayer that this be a year of health and happiness, of inner peace and
tranquility, a year of peace for you and for all humanity. Amen
Rabbi David Gaffney
15
