OFFICERS
President Susan Elinoff
Vice-President Public Affairs Denise Gansen
Vice-President Community Serv Beth Shorstein
Vice-President Membership Cissy Anderson
Vice-President Administration Marion Tischler
Treasurer Laurette Kessler
Recording Secretary Nancy Kullman
Financial Secretary Nancy Harris
Corresponding Secretary Bonnie Hardy
Established in 1893, the National Council of Jewish Women is the oldest Jewish women’s volunteer organization in America.
Education, advocacy and community service form NCJW’s combined approach to its areas of concern. NCJW develops and
implements programs which affect the lives of people of all ages, races and religious backgrounds. More than 100,000 members in
200 Sections nationwide are active in the organization’s priority areas of Women’s Issues, Jewish life, Aging, Children and Youth,
Israel and Constitutional Rights.
Locally, NCJW-Jacksonville Section is currently involved in projects that include the annual Mental Health Forum, Art
Enrichment in the elementary schools, pre-school vision screening, delivery of kosher meals-on-wheels, Guardian Ad Litem,
purchasing hearing aids for indigent children, Tallahassee Institute, and the PACE program, a non-residential program serving
female adolescents who are dependent, truants, ungovemables or runaways.
Board meetings are the second Wednesday of the month with general meetings offering a varity of stimulating and informative
programs on the third Wednesday.
NATIONAlBIB COUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN
EDUCATION » SOCIAL ACTION « SERVICE
JACKSONVILLE SECTION, INC.
Jewish War Veterans
Lt. Meyer Leibovitz Post 199, Jacksonville, Florida
Top row from left: Jack Eisenberg, Hugh Schulman, Kenneth Jacobson,
bottom row from left: John Perin, Marcus Grebler, Louis Segal, Sidney X.
Cohen, Arnold Andriesse
1986-87 OFFICERS
Commander
Sr. Vice Commander
Jr. Vice Commander
Jr. Vice Command ..
Adjutant
Quartermaster
Vice Quartermaster.,
Chaplain ......
Officer-of-the-Day
Color Sergeant ,
Membership .
Hugh Schulman
John Perin
Willie Rosenblatt
Jack Eisenberg
Marcus Grebler
Meyer Caplan
...... Kenneth Jacobson
Sidney X. Cohen
Louis Segal
Jacob Rogozinski
.. Meyer Caplan-744-2607
Hugh Schulman-743-3954
This year has been one of continued growth for the Jewish War Veterans of Jacksonville in membership, activities, and honors.
For the third straight year we are still the largest post in the North Central Florida district of the J.W.V., surpassing Orlando.
At our meetings we have speakers from all fields of activity, at which time nonmembers are invited to listen and ask questions.
At this time members of the Ladies Auxiliary join us in discussions and, after our respective meetings, for refreshments.
With the proceeds from our Poppy Drives, we have increased our activites at the Veterans Hospitals in Lake City and
Gainesville. We also had the largest contingent of any veteran’s organization at the recent Memorial Day services at the
Evergreen Cemetery. Our post colors were displayed at the rededication of the Eternal Light at the Courthouse downtown.
Come join us in our efforts to promote Judaism, fight Anti-Semitism, and help the Veterans!
195
