Performing Artist Series
“ 1986-1987
In September the Jacksonville Jewish Center began the fourth season of its highly successful PERFORMING ARTIST
SERIES. In 1985-'86 this cultural program was viewed by 1,615 combined series audience, and two of the three shows were to
sellout crowds...an even greater audience is expected for the current season.
AND — WOW — WHAT A SEASON!
On September 21 at 7:30 P.M., showman MIKE BURSTYN launched the series
with an exciting show accompanied by the Johnny Jelinek Orchestra.
Mike Burstyn’s Jacksonville show was patterned after his acclaimed nightclub
performance and featured songs from his recent show on the S.S. Rotterdam, as
well as familiar Broadway tunes.
Featured performer on NOVEMBER 16 will be a very funny comedian - SY
KLEIMAN. Wherever Sy makes an appearence, he’s always a smashing success.
His sharp wit, combined with his uncanny talent as a mimic and storyteller, provoke
the audience to non-stop rolls of laughter. Sy provides classic Jewish-American
humor at its best, yet, it is fresh and without the stereotypes that pervade the
routines of many Jewish comics. As a result of his previous appearance in
Jacksonville, Sy has already won over an enthusiastic local audience. We are
privileged to include Sy Kleinman in our series, through the generosity of Edith and
Milton Berman, who are sponsoring the November 16 show in loving memory of
their son David Randy Berman.
We often hear of musical groups that specialize in folk music from one culture or
another. But it is rare to find a band like the FABRANGAN FIDDLERS that not
only plays traditional folk music, but fuses it with other musical styles. Our
performers on March 15, 1987, the Fiddlers are that rarity. They mix Hebrew,
Yiddish, and Ladino lyrics with bluegrass, traditional jazz and folk melodies. In
recent years, these five versatile musicians from Washington DC have placed
greater emphasis on old-time “freilach” (happy) Chassidic swing style in which the
clarinet has the ability not only to wail, but to laugh and cry as well. ...Joy abounds at
a Fiddler’s Concert, so it is most appropriate that this performance has been
scheduled for Shushan Purim.
All three Performing Artist shows are scheduled for Sunday evenings at 7:30 at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. With the
addition of professional sound and lighting technicians, this year’s series promises to provide first rate entertainment.
We are grateful to the Performing Artist Committee:
Eleanore Dorman, Joan Levin, Peggy Organes, Martha Savage, Debra Setzer, Cathy Yergin; Chairwoman Carol
Freedman who have devoted their time and talents to making this a successful project.
95
