For every Problem there is a
simple Solution ...
which is usually wrong • attributed to H.L. Mencken
Two men are crossing a desert. They are three days from the nearest water hole.
One of the men is carrying a canteen. The canteen holds three days’ supply of water—for one man.
Should they divide it? Then both will die.
Then what is the obligation of the owner of the canteen? One opinion says—A man must not stand by
and watch his fellow man die. He should share the water with his companion. Another says—Preservation
of one’s own life takes precedence. The owner of the water must drink it and live.
Not so simple, is it? If you don’t see a simple, obvious solution, you’re in good company, because the
discussion is nearly 1900 years old.
It is recorded in the Talmud, and here is the interesting thing:
Both opinions are presented in the Talmud, the prevailing and the dissent.
Why both? Because Judaism recognizes life’s dilemmas and the difficulty of knowing how to handle
them. The truth is, for most significant issues there is no simple solution.
Euthanasia? Abortion? Freedom of expressioiVPomography/Skokie?
In most cases, it just isn’t clear what God wants us to do. Nor is it clear what is right.
In time like these, we are sorely tempted to acepted an easy fix for our problems, and there are surely
enough political and religious groups ready to offer them. Unfortunately, simple pre-determined answers
tend to be simpleminded, and therefore dangerous.
But there is an alternative.
Although there is no one simple answer, we have a process for struggling with the issues.
For us, Judaism is that process.
It begins with the Torah, a set of guidelines for living. And it continues in the recorded history of people
wrestling with life’s dilemmas—people who, with one eye on the Torah and one eye on the present situation,
have used their God-given intelligence to find a way to act in a confusing world.
We are not helpless.
We have the Torah.
We have the recorded history of Talmudic and continuing arguments.
We have each other.
If we can wrestle with each other’s ideas and traditions with respect for one another and respect for
those traditions, we will be strengthened. And perhaps we will be fulfilling what God really wants of us.
The process is hard. Harder than the easy fix. But for us it is the only mature, responsible, and truly
religious way.
It makes us Jews.
Our very best wishes to all our friends. May you be recorded in the Book of Life for a year of peace and
happiness.
A message from
And#pW
V The Jewish Theological Seminary of America
not
consumed \
Ir East Coast Fruit Co.
Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
2
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
