A Taste of the Big Apple
May 10, 1986
The Center’s annual raffle was a first class trip to New York. All
the excitement associated with the Big Apple was very visible
that evening.
Congratulations to the following winners: $7500-Faye Setzer; $1000-Michael and Andrea Portnoy; $500 each-
Marilyn Kauss, Jason Trager; VCR-Jim Smithey of Plant City; $200 each-Mr. and Mrs. Joel Bressler, Mr. and Mrs.
Simon Selber, Mr. and Mrs. Norman P. Freedman, Jill, Cindy and Jay Goldstein; $50-Leo Moskovitz.
Thank you for contributions: VCR-Pic 'N Save; Park benches-The Living Room; Typesetting-Fleet and
Associates.
Appreciations to the ticket seljers: Alan Gordon, Esther Fishier, Kenneth Bowden, Linda DuBow, Rhonda Passink,
Carla Bernard, Isabel Balotin, George Levin, Jeffery Morris, Maxine Funk, Wilbur Margol, Sheldon Gendzier, Nat
Gold, Shirley Bielski, Idlene Slaff, Lew Meisel, Charles Mizrahi, Marsha Pollock, Rhoda Goldstein, Sheila Jacobson,
Sylvia Shorstein, Sonny Sandler, Bud Grossman. We are grateful to Inez Achord for the extra effort she gave to assure
the accurate bookkeeping for this major fund-raising event.
Our appreciations to the ticket chairmen: Rhonda Passink and Alan Gordon.
We thank Blanche Slott and the catering staff for the very delicious meal. Over 400 people enjoyed the dinner buffet.
Everyone is still talking about the fabulous decorations. From the minute you entered the building you felt as if you
were in the Big Apple...the Statue of Liberty, Central Park, city streets and taxicabs were created by a very talented
group of volunteers coordinated by Isabel Balotin: June Shenkman, Barbara Safer, Marilyn and Harold Garber, Carla
Bernard, Peggy Organes, Karen and Scott Zimmerman, Shirley Bielski, Janis Fleet, Randee Steinberg, Marilyn Mass,
Ina Taffet, Joanne Davis, Rhoda Goldstein, Robin Morris, Marsha Pollock, Marlene Bossen and the junior volunteers
Casie Zimmerman and Drew Shenkman.
And most of all, we thank everyone who purchased tickets. Thank you for your support.
51
