Jacksonville Jewish Federation
The Jacksonville Community Council was founded in 1935 and
became the Jacksonville Jewish Federation in 1979. This year we are
celebrating our 51st anniversary and are continuing to serve the
Jewish community in a variety of ways.
On June 5, 1983 we moved into our new building at 10829 Old St.
Augustine Road. The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the central
fundraising, planning, budgeting and coordinating agency for the
Jewish community. Annually the Federation coordinates and funds
the annual Yom Hashoah Observance (Holocaust Remembrance
Program) and Horn Ha’atzmaut Celebration (Israel Independence
Day) programs in cooperation with our synagogues.
The major function of the Federation is to conduct the annual
Federation Campaign which raises funds for local, national and
overseas Jewish obligations. The major beneficiary of this fundraising
effort is the United Jewish Appeal, our local beneficiaries are River
Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged and Jewish Family &
Community Services.
The Federation also has a very active Women’s Division and a
Leadership Development Program.
Staff:
Louis B. Solomon - Executive Vice President
Isaac Lakritz - Assistant Director
BOARD MEMBERS
Cindy Aronsohn, Abe Bielski, Max Block, LeDoyen, Joan Levin, Robert Lipsky, Judy Silverman, Dr. Sheldon Singal, Anita
Lois Chepenik, Ida Drayman, Dr. Ron Michael Lissner, Richard Miller, Jack Warschoff, Bruce Warschoff, Lesley
Elinoff, Carol Freedman, Mark—Green, Mizrahi, Stacie Parker, Herb Plotkin, Wolfson, Evan Yegelwel, Cathy Yergin.
Leslie Held, Irene Jaffa, Sherri Jaffa, Dr. Lawrence Richter, Dr. Michael Safer, Joe
Lawrence Ranter, Michael Korn, Joanne P. Safer, Dr. David Sail, Leonard Setzer,
Jewish Family and Community Services
The concept of “Helping people help themselves is basic to human service philosophy and practice. It
contains a vital commitment to the dignity, potential and worth of our fellow man. Every person, young and
old, should enjoy advantages that make health, growth and development possible.
Jewish Family & Community Services is devoted to helping people help themselves through a wide variety
of programs designed to enrich the quality of life by helping deal with forces that threaten the integrity of the
individual and the family. As divergent needs are identified, new programs are designed to meet the needs of
the population we serve.
We are available to families, children, parents, the elderly, those seeking career counseling, persons
needing short-term emergency financial assistance, and to persons under stress. Jewish Family Life
Education programs provide information and preventative services to any community group.
Socialization is a most important part of life, and for those wishing an active interaction with others,
recreational, educational and self-enhancement programs are available.
In an atmosphere that is conductive to trust, warmth and caring, our staff is ready to serve you.
Best Wishes for a very Healthy and Happy New Year.
Iris T. Young,
Executive Director
OFFICERS
President
M.H. Levine
Fin. Fice Presidents
Vice Presidents
M. David Epstein
Alan Harrison
Barbara Hunter
Medical Director
.... Dr. Morris Price
Dr. Dennis Lafer
Mental Health Director ...
.... Dr. Milton Mann
Jeff Mazo
Cathy Winterfield
Treasurer
Norman Moss
President:
Aaron Scharf
1st Vice President:
Lois Chepenik
2nd Vice President:
Elliot Zisser
Secretary:
Judy Silverman
Treasurer:
Matthew Edelmaa
Immediate Past President
David Robbins
C
O
M
M
U
N
I
T
Y
185
