Early Childhood Department
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Early Childhood Department has
four position statements that speak directly to major issues being
discussed in early childhood education. As your Director (and with
the total support of the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Board), I have
pursued this task with great hopes! I have not been disappointed!
The four critical points that we have identified as needs are:
1.Supporting Parents:
The time and resources needed to maintain the family economically
and give the parents the emotional substance needed to support the
children’s emotional development.
Education for parenthood is a part of the school-community
curriculum. Parents have access to needed services such as Health
Care, quality Day Care and personal growth opportunities.
2.Quality Day Care:
The child feels that the situation is a safe and comfortable place for him.
The child feels good about himself.
The child feels there is consistency in his life and a shared concern for him among the important people in
his life - his parents and his caregivers.
3.Quality Educational Curriculum:
A quality program that will provide appropriate educational experience for each age.
4.Environment:
Beautiful classrooms and campus that provide a safe, supportive, stimulating and motivating physical
environment for learning and play.
In a good Pre-School program, the child is learning every minute of the day. We offer you and your child
that “kind of program” at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Marilyn Sandler
Director, Early Childhood Department
Solomon Schechter Day School
It is again a privilege for me to extend greetings to you. This past
year, the school has made great strides toward educational
excellence. The school is fully accredited for its General Studies
Program by the Florida Council of Independent Schools and the
Judaic Curriculum by the Solomon Schechter Day School
Association of the United Synagogue.
We have an eminent Judaic Educator, Dr. Jay Stern, as our Judaic
Consultant. With his able direction and the talented staff of our
school, the Judaic Curriculum has become a model of Judaic
enhancement. Our faculty works very hard to present as creative
and intensive an educational program as possible. They bring great
energy to their tasks.
Student enrollment is showing an increase especially in the lower grades which guarantees the future of
our educational system. There is an axiom that “people vote with their feet”. If they enroll in a school and
come back again, we are doing something right. With our growth, we see this as endorsement of our
school’s curriculum and a statement of support for Jewish education.
The school is blessed with the support of our active PTA. The members provide a sense of vitality which
provides additional testimony to the energy present within our institution.
Schechter is a place where children grow and thrive. We watch them as they enter Kindergarten and
marvel at the process that brings them to graduation as mature, thinking, sensitive, young people.
We look forward with much anticipation, to the continued process of creating, together with all our
parents, students, and members of the congregation, a school which is educationally significant.
Thank you for your generous support of our endeavors, and please accept an open invitation to visit the
school.
Best Wishes for a happy 5747.
E
D
U
c
A
T
I
O
N
Willard Kennedy
Principal
97
