Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center
Chairman Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman Diane Fages and May Goldie Stillman
Belle Gendizer
Linda Bressler - Marcia Pollock
Library Cart Lillian Meizlik
Jay Aronson
Rita Gendizer Judaica Collection Hermine Newman
Florence Schreiber
Treasurer Roslyn Selber
A large print book collection was begun in the Library through the generosity of Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Krestul. The Library
encourages contributions by synagogue members to make more such books available.
Many new books have been added to the Tofield collection, they have a special section in the Library. Library books are bought
through the generous donations of synagogue members and friends.
The “Reading Circle” is an activity sponsored by the Adult Education Committee and the Library Committee. The group meets
on Sunday evenings every six weeks at members’ homes. Some of the books read this year were “Why the Jews” - Dennis Prager,
“The Last of the Just” - Andre' Schwarz Bart, “Rabbi and Minister” - Carl Voss. The committee is interested in forming other
Reading Circles.
The Solomon Schechter PTA has continued “Book-A-Bration” a project of contributing books in honor of birthdays. The
Solomon Schechter Day School collection has grown and was a major factor in accreditation for the Solomon Schechter Day
School.
The Library Cart is available at the Kiddush on several Saturdays through the year. Members have the opportunity to check out
books and magazines and periodicals.
The Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center offers something for everyone in the Center. Gome by the Library and browse.
The Library is open on Sunday morning 9 a.m. to 12 Noon.
Many service hours are devoted by the Library Committee members. Their assistance is invaluable and greatly appreciated.
None of this would be possible without the generous support of the Center membership when contributions purchase the many
new books and Library needs.
PERDUE OFFICE INTERIORS, INC.
Design, Space Planning and Furnishings
for the Office Enviroment.
Steelcase ■ Boling- Gunlocke - Kimball -
Hickory - Knoll - Baker -Council Craftsmen,
and other leading manufacturers.
SHOWROOM & WAREHOUSE
8051 BAYBERRY RD.
737-5858
I he Library is an exciting place for children. New books are always being
added, thanks to the PTA Book-A-Bration.
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
47
