A Message from Rabbi Dov Kentof
Youth and Education Director
The Hebrew word for “repentance” is tesuvah. But it is also interesting to note that,
literally, teshuvah means “return”. This teaches us that atonement in Judaism implies
returning to the right direction in life.
An automobile often needs a wheel alignment to keep it going in the right direction.
The steering mechanism goes out of line through constant use, and the car begins to
wobble. Just as often a human being begins to wobble morally and needs a new
direction and sharper reading of the signs on the road of life.
How is it that we need our guidance system corrected? Some of us are too far¬
sighted, and we neglect to see those* near and dear unto us. Some of us are too near¬
sighted, concentrating on ourselves alone and ignoring those who are distant from us.
We must make sure that we are concerned with our whole community and the whole
human race; and that they, too, are included in the range of our vision. Some of us are
at the age when we need biofocals so that we can read the signs of the time. But if we
want to have the correct vision we can always turn to the right path.
A Hasidic rebee once asked, “If you are going East and suddently you want to travel
West, how far do you have to go?” His congregants gave many complex answers; but
the rebee himself answered his own question in this way. “If you are going East and
suddenly you want to go West, all you have to do is turn around. It is as simple as that.”
To return to Judaism requires only one turn. To return to reasonable living takes but
one turn. To return to a society that is sane and sensible takes but the right turn.
Are you ready to take the turn to commit yourself this coming year with your family
to a more involved educational and youth program? We have certainly provided the
finest staff, facilities and opportunities for the entire Jacksonville Jewish Center families.
We are eager to provide your children and yourselves with the best Judaism can offer.
We need you to turn to us so we in return can turn to you.
Let me, along with Alina, Gil and Tali, wish you a happy and fulfilling New Year.
153
