The Center Year Book
1963-64
5724
Jacksonville
1903 - 6o T'ears
The history of the Jacksonville Jewish Center dates
back over sixty years to the founding of the Congregation
B’nai Israel in 1901. At the time of its incorporation in
1903 this congregation had grown from five to forty
families. When in 1907 the membership had increased
to seventy-five, the congregation felt strong enough to
begin the “erection of a suitable edifice to house its
religious and educational activities.55
At the end of the first quarter of the century, it be¬
came apparent that a Jewish Center was necessary to
reverse the “deplorable indifference to the . . . education
of the young. The continuance of this55, said Rabbi
Samuel Benjamin, “would have caused the absolute ex¬
tinction of the local Jewish community.55 To prevent this
he proposed the founding of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center which would serve not only one congregation, but
the entire Jewish community in all its religious, social,
cultural and physical needs.
And so it was that in 1927 the Congregation B’nai
Israel became the Congregation of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center under the leadership of Rabbi Benjamin
and Mr. Harry Finkelstein, its first President. The new
congregation, relocated at its present site at Third and
Silver Streets, became a Conservative Synagogue affiliated
with the United Synagogue of America. Since that time
Jewish Center
m
of Progress - 1963
it has played a “major role in the existence and develop¬
ment of practically every Jewish group in the city.55
The year 1947-48 brought further evidence of the
need for expansion in order to meet the needs of our
youth in the community. In 1950 Groundbreaking cere¬
monies were held for the Activities Building, and the
dedication was celebrated in April of the following year.
The dedication of the Youth Center marked the begin¬
ning of the finest youth program in this part of the
country. At the same time plans were made for the
complete renovation of the sanctuary. This part of the
expansion program was completed and dedication was
observed in May of 1958.
When the need for several more classrooms became
most pressing, the Building Fund Committee began to
plan still further expansion so that every pupil could be
provided with a proper classroom. This project was
realized in 1959 when the addition to the school building
was completed)
The Center now stands with its building program
completed, but with an eye toward the future: In 1962
the Land Acquisition Committee was formed so that the
Congregation’s growing needs may best be served. Thus,
the Center has grown from a congregation of five families
to one of over eight hundred and has become one of the
greatest symbols of progressive Judaism in the Southeast.
3
