Message From The Center President
When I wrote my first message as President some 12
years ago, I could not have envisioned the tremendous de¬
velopments which are now taking place nor could I have
imagined the horizons which have now been opened to us.
One therefore wonders whether even our present visions of
the future are not too limited, realizing that all things are
possible to those who desire them.
Certainly there are limitations to what can be achieved
but the greatest limitation is our own actions in setting of
goals which are inadequate. Rarely does one achieve more
than his goal. An inadequate goal pre-determines the cer¬
tainty of failure.
Had our congregation been content with its educational
system of ten years ago, there would today be no Founda¬
tion School, no Hebrew High School, no Ramah program,
no well attended junior congregation system, no Sunday
morning religious school system continuing through the
high school level, etc. Had we been content with our build¬
ing facilities we would have been out of existence by now
for lack of facilities. Had we been content with our general
activities, there would be no extensive youth program or
successful Day Camp facility such as we now have. Had we
been content with our religious program, there would be no
daily Minyan, no year-around late Sabbath evening services,
no improvement in holiday services observances, etc.
Can we, then, from these lessons of the past, dare to
become content with what we now have? One cannot stand
still. He either goes forward or as he stands still, time
passes him by. Even more so is this true of the synagogue.
The future achievements within our grasp could not pos¬
sibly have been envisioned a decade ago or five years ago,
or perhaps even a year ago.
With the purchase of our new 36 acre tract on State
Road 13, there opens before us new vistas never before even
dreamed of. Not only can we plan for the utilization of this
tract for permanent building facilities to ultimately replace
our present ones, but even while planning for these facilities
so many other possibilities present themselves.
We are already committed to the installation of our Day
Camp on this site. This will mean an expanded Day Camp
Outgoing President Louis Safer and Burton I. Gross-
man, Chairman of the Board, at the Installation,
PHILIP SELBER, President
program. It can make possible a division of the camp which
can be operated partially on the level of a Camp Ramah.
It can afford excellent additional outdoor facilities for our
youth programs, whether it be Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts, Cub
Scouts, U. S. Y. activities or others. It can mean a place
where adult education retreats can be held over the Sabbath
weekend. It can mean possible experimentation with out¬
door religious services during the summer. It can mean
weekend recreational activities for our members and for our
affiliated social clubs.
Perhaps not as dramatic but just as important are the
many educational opportunities awaiting a synagogue which
dares to go forward. With the success of our Foundation
School, the standards of the intensive department of our
school systems can now be tripled and quadrupled. Coupling
this with an intensive High School Department and a sum¬
mer Camp Ramah program, the future attainments of our
Hebrew School students will be far beyond anything which
we can now contemplate.
With the new emphasis being placed on adult education,
future achievements in this area will be limited only by our
own goals. It is possible to re-educate our adults to the
point that 75% of our members would be able to follow in¬
telligently Hebrew services and to have a sound basic ap¬
preciation of Conservative Judaism. With this type of re¬
training program, will come changes in religious observances
which we would not even dare contemplate today.
Certainly there are problems in the way of these achieve¬
ments, but there are none which cannot be overcome by
our desire to achieve.
On behalf of the Officers and members of the Board of
Directors and the Board of Trustees, may I extend a greet¬
ing to all of our members for a Happy New Year, in the
traditional words of “Leshanah Tovah Tikatevu”.
17
