A Message From Our Rabbi
Israel
July 17, 1963
The bus from Eilat to Mitzpeh Rimon is not air
conditioned. I am writing and riding in a dry
Negev heat of abouf|||150. Hot winds and sand
come through the open windows. Some of the more
resourceful (and less thirsty) passengers have
- saturated towéls with canteen water to cover their
windows, fashioning primitive: air conditioning
units. The road is narrow and bumpy. It is the
second day of the Negev Tiyul and we are tired,
dusty, dry, and very rumpled. Our feet carry
souvenirs of a painful attempt to swim with sea
urchins in the coral bedded Gulf of Aqaba.
It is too uncomfortable to sleep so I am report¬
ing on my fellow passengers. Their reactions to
disagreeable conditions are interesting. The boy
sitting behind me is studying “dikduk”. Back of
him a young fellow is reading a book on Jewish
mysticism. From the last seat comes an endless
stream of accordion and harmonica music which
picks up groups of singers, one after another. The
song never ends. I have not heard a grumble or a
complaint.
One would expect nothing less from trial tested
Israelis.
But the grammer student is from Philadelphia,
the mysticist likewise, and the accordionist from
Houston. They are your children U.S.Y.
Pilgrimage 1963, 116 teenagers from the United
States and Canada. Were they at home, the girls
from Detroit would be getting up for breakfast at
this hour, before going to the lake. They were
davening Shaharit this morning at 5:30.
RABBI ARNOLD S. TURETSKY
Their visit in Israel will influence their lives
permanently. You couldn’t be a serious Jew and
fail to be impressed. But they are influencing Israel
too. They stand critical inspection before Israelis at:
every turn, and the image of American Jewry
which they present should make you very grateful.
I am grateful to them for something else, too.
They insure the future strength of our kind of
Judaism in America. They are not merely members
of Conservative Synagogues, they are Conservative
Jevys. There’s a difference.
Because of them, tomorrow will be better than
today —- higher ideals, stronger faith. With every
year we come closer.
May this year bring to us, our loved ones, and
all the House of Israel life and health, peace and
quiet, and the incredible joy of Jewish fulfillment.
Rabbi Arnold S. Turetsky
13
