Center Sisterhood
Each Sisterhood member is the object of our interest.
Our total program is directed to help educate the Jewish
woman who will then stimulate the Jewish education of her
family, thus enriching her home, the Synagogue and the
Jewish community.
Our purpose in the words of Mathilda Schechter, who
founded the National Women’s League of the United
Synagogue of America, is: “T o serve the cause of
Judaism by strengthening the bond of unity among Jewish
women, to appreciate everything fine in Jewish life and
literature and to instill the beauty of our ancient observances
in the hearts of our children ... to cherish the various
ceremonies of Sabbath and the holidays ... to teach their
significance intelligently. . . .”
We of the Center Sisterhood try to continue in the pro¬
gram as set forth by our founder. The year 1962-63 was
started by bringing to our membership the urgent need for
building the Mathilda Schechter Residence Hall in New
York City, to house girls who attend the Seminary to be¬
come our future Hebrew teachers. During September we
also had a very successful one-day work shop which was
presented by Mrs. William Dickson, President of the Florida
Branch of National Women’s League and her committee.
An exciting first was the Art Exhibit chaired by Mrs.
William H. Schemer and Mrs. Harry Yoffee featuring
original paintings and crafts by Sisterhood and Center mem¬
bers. Over 70 pieces of art were displayed and added a great
deal of interest to our Donor Affair.
“Breakfast With The Rebitzin”, )a brunch held at the
home of Rabbi and Mrs. Moshe V. Goldblum to honor our
Torah Fund contributors was a social as well as financial
success. We easily completed our Torah Fund quota which
was sent to the Jewish Theological Seminary. This fund
helps to maintain the Seminary and its many projects such
as scholarships for Rabbis and Cantors, the Eternal Light
program, the Jewish Museum, Library, etc.
Not to be overlooked was the very interesting Social
Action program presenting the book “Some of My Best
Friends” by Benjamin R. Epstein and Arnold Forster. A
very lively discussion followed the review by Mr. Joel Gold¬
man and Mrs. Al L. Schneider. Also of interest was a
“Shabbos on Wednesday” presented at our April meeting.
Sisterhood works very closely with the two United Syna¬
gogue Youth groups of the Center and sponsors the Girl
Scouts and Brownie troops.
The annual Florida Branch Conference was held in
Scenes from our first annual Art Exhibit.
An Oneg Shabbat was held after services October 6 and
“The Slave” by Isaac Beshevis Singer was reviewed by
Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz. Also on the program were represen¬
tative students who attended Camp Ramah and the Leader¬
ship Training Institute of the United Synagogue Youth.
The annual Membership Tea brought us a delightful
fashion show featuring Convention fashions as this was the
year of the Women’s League National Convention held at
the Concord Hotel at Lake Kiamisha, N.Y. and attended by
Mrs. Louis Slott.
December featured the annual congregational Chanukah
Supper, and at our meeting an exciting program reviewing
books that every Jewish home should have . . . plus the
National Convention report.
Orlando on May 5, 6 and 7 and was attended by Mrs.
Herbert Lewitt, one of the Branch Vice-presidents, Mrs.
Louis Slott, Mrs. Norman Slaff, Mrs. Selwyn Savage and
Mrs. Mitchell Peltz.
Funds which enable us to fulfill our obligations to the
Center are obtained from our Gift Shop, sale of Barton’s
candy, World Book Encyclopedia and extra activities such as
the Georgia-Florida Dinner Dance and the Purim Ball.
The coming year will bring a new look to our program
as we present the musical “Carmen Shapiro” in November
and a very exciting Chanukah “Fair” on the 1st of Decem¬
ber.
We urge your continued support and may we, of Sister¬
hood, wish you and your dear ones a very wonderful year.
35
