Know Your Synagogue Center
¿6
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is
The Conservative Synagogue in Jacksonville
Scope of Activities
For over 60 years the Center has provided a modern
program in Jewish experience, ever increasing its services
and facilities. Our Year Book reviews the programs and
activities we make available for religious inspiration, edu¬
cation, social and athletic recreation, and Jewish living.
These are only too well known to our membership. For
the benefit of new members and newcomers to the city,
we set forth our program in brief. We also call attention
that the name “Center55 is to be distinguished from or¬
ganizations by similar names in other communities that
are primarily recreational Centers. We are a “Synagogue-
Center”.
Religious Services
Daily: Mornings, 7:30 A.M. (8:30 on Sundays)
Evenings, at sunset (including the eves of Sab¬
baths and Festivals)
Sabbath and Festivals: Mornings, 8:45 A.M.
Evenings, 8:00 P.M.
High Holidays: Members and their families, service¬
men and out-of-town guests are accommodated in our
air-conditioned Auditorium which seats 1400.
Personal Observances
Our religious leadership supplements public worship
with services on personal occasions at the Synagogue and
home, such as: Circumcision, naming of girls, Pidyon Ha-
ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bas Mitzvah, Confirmations, Mar¬
riages, Conversion to Judaism, Bereavement.
Education
Daily Kindergarten: Monday through Friday, 9 to 12
noon.
Hebrew School: Classes for boys and girls meeting on
Mon. through Thursday.
Foundation School: An all day intensive 1st and 2nd
grade of secular and Hebrew instruction.
Sunday Religious School: Sun. mornings, 10 to 12
noon; Pre-Kindergarten through Confirmation Class.
Youth Congregations: Sabbath and Festival mornings,
services at 10 A.M. held in separate Chapels accord¬
ing to grade.
Minyan Club: Sunday mornings at 8:45 for boys of
Bar Mitzvah age, followed by Breakfast.
Adult Courses: Lecture series are presented as available.
Institutes on specific subjects are arranged in con-
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER SYNAGOGUE
venient units of study. Special classes and discussion
groups are arranged as called for.
Youth Activities
Youth Groups: United Synagogue Youth, organized in
two chapters, Center Youth League and Charles Palot
Club, Major’s Pre-Teens for 7th and 8th graders and
Tween-Agers, for 5th and 6th graders.
Scouting: Boy Scouts and Cub Scouts, Girl Scouts and
Brownies.
Day Camp: A nine week summer program for boys
and girls age 4 through 13 and a C.I.T. class for
boys and girls age 14 and 15.
Extension Services
Affiliated Organizations: Sisterhood, Men’s Club, “32
Club”, Amity Club, Mr. and Mrs. Club, Single Adults
Group, “Knights and Dames”. Each of these organiza¬
tions is described in appropriate sections of the Center
Year Book.
Athletics: Programs for youth and adults, men and
women, conducted at our Gym and outdoors and also
at various community facilities.
Social Events: Scheduled by the various organizations
on special occasions or in connection with regular
worship and meetings.
Community Service: The Center’s facilities are avail¬
able not only for the celebration of personal events,
such as weddings, and Bar or Bas Mitzvahs, but are
also used by youth and adult organizations, civic
groups and inter-faith groups.
Cemeteries: Memorial Parks located at Evergreen Ave¬
nue and Winona Drive and at 43 rd Street east of
Main Street are owned and maintained by the con¬
gregation.
Center Bulletin: The “Center Bulletin” appears weekly
throughout the year and is mailed to our membership
and to interested persons whose names and addresses
are submitted to the office.
Center Year Book: For a fuller description of the
Center program and activities, the Center Year Book
published annually on the eve of Rosh Hashanah
offers a bird’s eye view of events for the preceding 12
month period, vital statistics of the membership, a
membership directory, directory of community organi¬
zations, Hebrew Religious Calendar for the coming
year, and many other items of interest.
THIRD AND SILVER STREETS EL 5-8464
43
