Camp Ramah
Israeli Dance Scene at Camp Ramah in Connecticut.
Richard Browdy Linda Halpern
Our 1963 Camp Ramah participants: front row, 1. to r.:
Eliot Safer, Leonard Selber, Mayer Becker; 2nd row: Gail
Price, Rose Raskin, Debbie Lederman and Sheila Fages;
back row: Michael Schneider, Simon Selber and Simeon
Goldblum.
For the first time our two Camp Ramah graduates pic¬
tured at left, Richard Browdy and Linda Halpern, were
selected to be among the 75 members to spend a two month
period in Israel with Camp Ramah. We hope that this will
be an incentive for our future graduates of Camp Ramah
as the culmination of their Hebrew School—Camp Ramah
program.
Adult Education
The great response to our adult education program this
past year has enabled us to foster a weekly Wednesday
evening course of study with six diversified study groups. In
addition to these weekly classes, the Adult Education par¬
ticipants and the congregation also took part in the South¬
east Region Cavalcade on adult education.
Some of the outstanding speakers representing the United
Synagogue of America who participated in this Regional
Cavalcade were Rabbi Mordecai Waxman who spoke on
“The Heritage and Its Heirs”; Rabbi Abraham Karp on
“Adult Education”; Dr. Walter Ackerman on “Latest
Trends in Jewish Education”; Rabbi Raphael Arzt on
“Camp Ramah”; and Dr. Ira Eisenstein on “Reconstruc¬
tionism”.
Jewish Theological Seminary
The Jewish Theological Seminary of America in New
York is an academy of learning which keeps alive the values
and traditions of Judaism symbolized by the Eternal Light.
It is a fountainhead—for through its teachers, scholars, and
leaders come the dynamic interpretation of Judaism that
inspires, furthers creative Jewish life and encourages inter¬
group understanding.
This, the 50th anniversary of the National Movement of
Conservative Judaism, marks the successful era of 50 years
of dedicated service to the Conservative Synagogues through¬
out the United States. This milestone will be celebrated at
the National Jubilee Convention held Nov. 17 through the
21st, 1963 at the Concord Hotel in New York. The entire
Conservative Movement and its lay leadership is urged to
participate in this national undertaking to mark 50 years of
progress.
The Camp Ramah program pictured on this page is
just one of the many projects that the Seminary has helped to
foster and nourish since its inception. The Seminary also
maintains the Jewish Museum, Eternal Light program,
Rabbinical School, Library, United Synagogue Youth and
many other undertakings, national in its scope through the
United Synagogue of America.
HAVERTY FURNITURE
LAURA & DUVAL ST.
EL 3-9711
It Is Our Pleasure To Serve You
6160 BEACH BLVD.
725-2800
Patronize Our Advertisers
45
