Boy Scout Troop 14
OFFICERS
Scoutmaster Dr. Harry Yergin
Assistant Scoutmasters.. Allie Goldstein, Stephen Hackel, Milton Hecht and
William Rose
Chairman of Scout Committee Dr. Arnold Silverberg
Committee Members Herbert Weinstein and Norman Moss
Treasurer Robert Weiss
Secretary Bob Fischer
Institutional Representative... H. Ted Freedman
Dr. Harry Yergin,
Scoutmaster
Troop 14 composed of 46 Scouts enjoyed another out¬
standing year of scouting and camping. Camping trips were
made to Camp Echochotee, Crandall Point and Lake
Margie Ranch. At the fall Mohawk District Camp-o-Ree
the Troop 14 patrols were the winners of one blue, two red
and two yellow ribbons with our Troop making an over-all
good showing in the weekend games.
20 Scouts of our Troop attended the annual summer
camp at Camp Echochotee for a period of two weeks. Three
senior Scouts Allen Harris, Michael Weiss and Martin Ber¬
man were tapped by and later inducted into the Order of
the Arrow, an honorary Scout organization consisting of
outstanding Scouts. Our congratulations to these three boys.
As in the past we are again proud of our outstanding Ner
Tamid class as seven Scouts received this highest religious
achievement: Sheldon Moss, Charles Goldblum, Eliot Safer,
Allen Harris, Michael Zadoff, Richard Weiss, Michael
Weiss. We are also proud of the following Scouts who
earned the right to wear the rank of Eagle Scout—Avery
Weiss, Sheldon Moss and Richard Weiss.
At our annual Blue and Gold Banquet we had an at¬
tendance of over 250 parents and Scouts. Attending as
guests were Scoutmasters of Troops 12 of the Temple and
275 of Etz Chaim, together with their committee chairmen.
(Editor’s Note) We would be amiss if this edition of the
Center Year Book did not make a special note of the devoted
service of our Scoutmaster, Dr. Harry Yergin, for the past
several years. His knowledge and leadership of our Troop
has made it one of the outstanding Troops in the Mohawk
District and North Florida Council. His work has been
recognized by Scout Headquarters on numerous occasions
and by the Center Troop Committee. Our heartfelt thanks
for his continued efforts on behalf of our youth.
Our 1963 class of Ner Tamid recipients with Rabbi Goldblum; Dr. Harry Yergin, Scout¬
master; Norman Moss, Committee Member and Louis Safer, President.
107
