Senior Hadassah
OFFICERS
President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Vice-President
Treasurer
Mrs. Henry Cristol
{Programming) Mrs. Maurice Goldstein
{Fund-Raising) Mrs. Bernard Richter
{Membership) Mrs. David Lewis
{Education) Mrs. Jack Shorstein
Mrs. Monroe Klausner
Financial Secretary Mrs. Jack Eisenberg
Recording Secretary Mrs. Edward Seigel
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Norman Moss
Hadassah was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold, and from
a mere handful of dedicated American women, has grown to a
membership of over 318,000.
Hadassah projects are actively functioning on two far-flung
horizons. On the American scene, an Educational Program, a
Youth Activities program, the Young Judeans and the Junior
Hadassah, Hadassah co-sponsors with Z.O.A. Camp Judaea, a sum¬
mer camp in Hendersonville, North Carolina. In Israel, Hadassah
encompasses Hadassah Medical Organization, Medical Center,
Youth Aliyah, Vocational Education, and Jewish National Fund.
By helping Israel help itself, so that it can take its place with
dignity among the freedom-loving nations of the world, Hadassah
reaffirms the Jewish faith in the heritage of freedom.
Two groups comprise the Jacksonville Chapter: the Senior
Hadassah and the Hannah Senesch Evening Group. Almost 800
women boast membership in the local chapter, and annually seek
Officers of Hadassah
to raise quotas totaling nearly $20,000 in order to meet commit¬
ments largely in Israel, as well as in America.
Senior Hadassah meets every second Tuesday of each month
from October through May. This coming year’s calendar offers a
variety of activities with a well-rounded educational and social pro¬
gram to interest every member. The Opening Luncheon meeting in
October will highlight an original adaptation of a current Broadway
musical, and is the forerunner of many more stimulating meetings
and exciting affairs during the forthcoming year.
Hannah Senesch-Evening Group of Hadassah
EXECUTIVE BOARD
President Mrs. David Moed
Vice-President {Program) Mrs. Max Brownstein
Vice-President {Fund-Raising).. Mrs. Meyer Richman
Vice-President (Membership) Mrs. Michael Arab
Vice-President {Education) Mrs. Alfred Rosenszweig
Treasurer Mrs. Joe Sheff
Financial Secretary Mrs. Sarah Bossen
Recording Secretary Miss Bertha Mehlman
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. William Gordon
This group is geared for participation by the Business or Pro¬
fessional woman, as well as the non-working woman who also wishes
to avail herself of the opportunity to join in evening meetings and
activities. Although its primary purpose is to further Hadassah’s
vast humanitarian program, this congenial group intersperses a bit
of sociability along with its fund-raising efforts.
Meetings are held in the Jewish Center on the second Monday
evening of each month, to which all interested persons are invited.
Hannah Senesch Board
JESSIE ALTMAN’S SLENDERIZING STUDIO
MASSEUSE
3846 ORLANDO CIRCLE WEST
FL 9-1772
DR. CHESTER C. DIXON
COMPLIMENTS
BETTY DAVIS DRESS
SHOPS
CHIROPRACTOR
5651 Colcord Avenue RA 5-3166
3619 Phillips Highway
FL 9-4334
1743 Main Street
EL 4-6332
Intersection of University Blvd. & The Expressway
1573 Long wood Road
EX 9-6383
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
173
