The Rabbi’s Page
Rabbi Jerome Lipnick has been the Rabbi of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center for the past three years.
The years have flown by swiftly, but we will remem¬
ber him for a long time to come.
The Rabbi and his wife, Joan, and their family
will be missed. May the years ahead bring them health,
happiness and fulfillment.
We are all looking forward to the future. With
this in mind, Rabbi Lipnick wrote the following pray¬
er which was read in our Synagogue when the Astro¬
nauts landed on the moon.
“Our God and God of our Fathers: Help us
to satisfy our curiosity with what we have rather
than with what we have not.
Teach us to be content with that which is
close to our hands, to work with, to shape and to
improve rather than that which is far, far away. . .
^ O Heavenly Father: We are grateful for Thy
wonders and Thy miracles, for the oceans and the
seas and the planets in the sky, and for this
earth. ..
God of all worlds and all ages and all men:
Teach us how not to fly away from the now, to
seek refuge in some other planet, and to direct
our skills, the finest of our minds, and the abund¬
ance of our materials to mysteries that repose
beyond.
Let us not be diverted from our proper course,
for the proper study of man is man, and there is
so much for us to understand and learn and per¬
form here on earth. . .
God of Revelation: What we do today re¬
veals how strong and mighty we are, how re-
RABBI JEROME LIPNICK
sourceful we are, how inventive we are, what
powers are ours, if we but apply ourselves and
concentrate our strength to explore the unknown
that is before our eyes, the unattained that is
here and now, in this place, in this city and on
this planet. . .
Let there be food, dignity, peace, learning,
health and joy for all, for those we know and
those we do not know, the stranger and the home-
born. . .
O Heavenly Father, let us not be enticed,
let us not be lured, let us not be diverted away
from the present challenge, the present respon¬
sibility, the present obligation to transform our
world into a kingdom of God.
Teach us how to come down to earth and
there to make our landing for food, for peace, for
dignity, for learning, for health, and for joy.”
AMEN
