In Memory of
BENJAMIN SETZER
We Dedicate This Year Book to the late Benjamin Setzer, of
Blessed Memory who passed away in March of this year.
“Perhaps as a portent of things to come was
the scene last Yom Kippur when the Congregation,
as it gathered for the concluding Neilah service,
realized that Ben Setzer, who for years had always
opened the Ark, was not present. The incident,
although temporary, no doubt caused many of the
congregants to ponder what might be the situation
if Ben Setzer were not there to open the Ark. The
short reflections of the moment ended as he en¬
tered the synagogue slightly late to fulfill his long
standing Mitzvah.
But now the Congregation must reflect on
the certainty that Ben Setzer will not in person
ever again open the Ark for Neilah. At this mom¬
ent, however, it is more important to reflect on
the thought of where the Congregation and Jewish
life in this community would now be, had Ben
Setzer not been present for so many years To open
the Ark’ for Jewish living in our community.
The histories of institutions reveal that their
destinies are usually the result of the mingling of
circumstances and men. Where the circumstances
of the moment find the men capable of the proper
response, institutions develop and prosper. Fortu¬
nate indeed was the Jacksonville Jewish Center
that when the need for the post war expansion of
its facilities and programs bore down so heavily
on it, there was a man like Ben Setzer who was
ready to respond. It was also the good fortune of
the congregation that such a man was so whole¬
heartedly supported in his efforts by his beloved
wife and children.
His foresight in offering the initial substan¬
tial gifts, his maintenance of a continuous flow of
substantial financial contributions over a period
of more than twenty-five years and above all, his
counsel and determination made it possible for the
synagogue to have had available in the ’50s and
’60s the building facilities so desperately needed
then for the religious education and development
of the greatly increased numbers of congregants
and children.
His contributions were not restricted to the
Building Fund for he was also the prime dues con¬
tributor to the annual operational fund of the Cen¬
ter as well as the main financial supporter of the
Foundation School.
His zeal and enthusiasm in leading off the
first campaign for the post-war expansion of the
Center building facilities are part of the well
known history of the congregation, but what may
not be well known was his leadership in supplying
the drive and in instilling the confidence to pro¬
ceed even when all of the financial resources were
not on hand. What was ‘on hand’, however, was
Ben Setzer’s familiar urging that ‘we proceed and
the congregation will respond/
Ben Setzer never looked backwards — his
eyes were always to the future. It is rather in¬
teresting that he carried into his Synagogue
leadership the same qualities which made him so
successful in business. Just as he had built a sec¬
ond successful business after creating and dispos¬
ing of one, so too was he looking forward to the
task of constructing the new synagogue plant on
State Road 13. No one was more enthusiastic than
he as the efforts of the synagogue went forward
in concretizing the plans for the new structure.
The Neilah service on Yom Kippur will never
be the same at the Jacksonville Jewish Center be¬
cause Ben Setzer will not be present to open the
Ark, but his spirit will always be present. His con¬
tributions of leadership, his resolve to perpetuate
Judaism, his determination and drive shall always
be a part of the heritage of the synagogue he loved
so well.
This is why each year as the Ark is opened
for the Neilah service, the worshippers will remem¬
ber Ben Setzer as they reflect on his life and his
contributions.”
From The Center Bulletin
