c enter ¿•Sisterhood
Our Sisterhood is one of the 800 which make up
the National Women's League. Over 200,000 women
throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto
Rico, striving toward the same goals, have compiled
a . . .
PERSONAL PROGRAM FOR THE
MODERN JEWISH WOMAN
• To help you raise a family knowing its heritage
and taking pride in it.
• Bring beautiful and meaningful Jewish ceremonials
into your home.
• Give you opportunities for further study of Judaism
and its history, art, literature, music.
• Guide you to intelligent participation in the affairs
of your Synagogue and community.
° Inspire you to action on the vital local, national and
international issues of our times in accordance with
the ethics of Judaism.
• Strengthen your bond of kinship with the Jewish
people everywhere.
• Instill renewed faith and courage in moments of
doubt and despair.
It is this program that influences our Center Sis¬
terhood's activities.
Adult Education, celebration of Jewish Book
Month, Holiday Institutes and observance, Social Ac¬
tion and stimulating monthly programs are all part of
this goal.
Cur participation with Girl Scouts, Camp Ramah,
Center Youth Clubs, Religious School, Kindergarten
and Foundation School has been educational, (Holi¬
day explanation and observance, Purim and Hanukah
celebrations, Confirmation bibles, Sunday School
awards) and financial (salaries for Sunday School
teaciiers, purchase of up-to-date teaching aids). Per¬
sonal commitment by the parent has perhaps the
greatest effect in giving the child a positive Jewish
feeling.
Our Gift Shop has been steadily progressing to¬
wards bringing beautiful Jewish objects into the home.
More people each month are realizing that Jewish
items can be unique and meaningful gifts.
Each program on our busy Sisterhood calendar
keeps in mind the modern Jewish woman. To insure
the greatest participation, our Coordinating Vice-
President will organize teams of our membership to
plan and execute each monthly meeting. Each mem¬
ber will be able to use her talents and ideas.
If Sisterhood's goals are yours, join us. Say
“Hineni" as we have said in answering the call of our
national and Florida Branch conferences. “Hineni,
Here Am I", when spoken by 200,000 modern, Jewish
woman, can be a powerful voice.
Mrs. Lewis Ansbacher, President
Sisterhood Purim Fair
The Flower Booth
Convention delegates presented
an entertaining Skit.
Mrs. Hyman Selber at the Cake Booth
at the Purim Fair
41
