XÁniteJ *S\
'ifnacjjocjiie
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
3rd Vice President
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
....Mark Shorstein
....Mindy Talpalar
Beverly Goldstein
Gary Gendzier
Judith Lesnik
..Wendy Lippman
Mark Jaben
Sheldon Gendzier congratulating
Mark at Installation Banquet
MARK SHORSTEIN
President
The Charles Palot Club offers a program which
fulfills the three-fold purpose of United Synagogue
Youth: Learning, helping others and social activities.
For learning, members attend Sabbath Services,
Sunday School and study sessions held jointly with
C.Y.L. Most informative were the two study week¬
ends, one at the Center Campsite and one at the Cen¬
ter which was led by guest speaker, Danny Seigal, a
rabbinical student from the Jewish Theological Semi¬
nary.
For service to others, the group helped the Center
Sisterhood with the Hanukah and Purim Carnivals,
visited River Garden Home for the Aged and raised
funds for the U.S.Y. Building Spiritual Bridges Pro¬
gram. Social activities included a membership beach
party, dances and dinners.
The Charles Palot Club was well represented at
both National and Regional Conventions an well as
Tri-City conclaves and Leadership Training Institute.
Many thanks are due to our advisors, Madelyn and
George Glossman, for all of their efforts on behalf of
our Club. We wish them well in all of their future
endeavors.
in in ■ 11 ■ inn n nun nnnnnnnnnnni nun in in nnnnnnntnni in
dKadi
ima
U
Plans are being formulated for a most active
group of Kadimah U.S.Y. for the coming year. This
program teaches the youngsters at an early age to look
to the Synagogue as a center of community life, rec¬
reational as well as social, religious and educational.
This movement is also in existence to bring about the
internationalization of Jewish values, attitudes and
behavior patterns by supplementing the pre-teens’
formal religious education with informal Jewish living
experiences.
Sincere thanks for the advisors for the 1968-69
year: Melvin Gottlieb, Wendy Fraden and Dan Zuc-
ker and to the club officers:
. s. %
President Roberta Kessler
Vice-President Ricky Ganson
Treasurer Janet Goldstein
Secretary Sheri Feldman
As “Kadimah” means “forward,” we look forward
to the participation of all students of the 6th and 7th
grades in this program designed exclusively for them.
105
