EUGENIA COLEMAN MEMORIAL BUILDING SHELDON GENZIER, President
OFFICERS
Sheldon Gendzier President
Miss Minnie Schreiber Executive Vice Pres.
Chairman, Admissions Board
Don Cohn Vice President
Co-Chairman Admissions Board
Norman Hofheimer Vice President
Co-Chairman Admissions Board
Eli Becker Vice President
Chairman, House Committee
Mrs. David Meyerhardt Vice President
Chairman, Residents Welfare
Sol Katz Vice President
Chairman, Public Relations
Dr. Harry Yoffee Vice President
Medical Director
What last year was a hope and a promise for a
new addition to River Garden has become a reality
of brick and concrete. The walls are up, the roof is
waterproofed and the interior walls are all set. We
now can see and anticipate the finishing touches to¬
wards early completion.
Dedication of the new addition is set for mid-
November and will honor P. N. Coleman and family
for their generous endowment, as a memorial to his
mother, Eugenia Coleman.
The building combines comfort and beauty to
create a climate of quiet dignity. The incomparable
view of the majestic St. Johns River from the majority
of the bedrooms set the tone for more serene living.
The emphasis is on privacy to maintain dignity and
self-respect. Thus, of the 90 beds available, 66 will be
private rooms with private toilets and 12 twin bed¬
rooms.
Albert Kofka Treasurer
Bernard Nachman Secretary
The scope of service to the community will in¬
crease by providing 150 beds for long term care and
twenty five intensive care beds for acutely ill residents
and Medicare patients.
Sidney Entman Executive Director
Miss Lily Volotin Administrative Assistant
Honorary
Ira Stein
Harry Gendzier
Dr. Sam Witten
Samuel J. Thier
Presidents
Irving Klepper
Joe Becker
Arthur J. Gutman
S. William Goldstein
After four major building programs, River Garden
has a modern and efficient, as well as a comfortable
facility to serve 185 residents at any one time. This
may not be the immediate need, but does project the
needs for the next 10 years.
River Garden is starting its 24th year of serving
the aged of Florida with great expectations and an¬
ticipation of even greater achievements in the years
ahead.
175
