LAWRENCE RACKOW
Director
President Dr. Jack E. Snider
Vice President Bennett Hirsh
Nathan Kazin
Dr. Morris Price
Bert Whitfield
Treasurer L. J. Roobin
DR. JACK E. SNIDER
President
Founded in 1917, the JFCS has been helping the
members of the Jewish community face and overcome
the personal problems that remain constantly with us.
Some years ago we became aware that, suddenly or
slowly, subtle or startling shifts occur in the kinds of
problems that we work with under our umbrella of
services.
The shifts this year were more slow and subtle.
Gradually, we become aware that although our com¬
parative record remains fairly good, that the few cases
involving ‘conflict with law’ had reached a number
and a regularity that it had to be counted separately
instead of being included under Others. We had been
aware for some time of the sharp shift to ‘acting out’
rather than the more passive forms in these conflicts
and in other areas of our work. We have tried to help
the parents and children who come to us to hear what
each is really saying and meaning and in a more for¬
mal way had Dr. William Geiger try to educate us in
what is for most of us the hazy area of drugs. Our
reaching out to the patients in the State Hospital is
proving to be successful and rewarding both during
the visits and when they return to Jacksonville.
We received wonderful cooperation from the
State Welfare Department in locating suitable infants
for adoption and are looking forward to the establish¬
ment this year of a Home for unmarried mothers by
the Buckner Foundation.
There are two areas that we sorely need more
volunteers — our Raiford and Friendly Visiting Pro¬
grams. At Raiford, our men were given permission to
meet and pray alone during three of the four weeks of
the month that we do not visit. It has worked well
but now, with good logic, the authorities feel that
there should be a lay person with them. We need
eight persons who can go one morning a month. We
need as many persons as possible to visit with the
elderly shut-ins, in their own homes. Please call us if
you can help.
President Mrs. Myron Rosenberg
First Vice President Mrs. J. Paul Witten
Sec. Vice President Mrs. Gerald Glickstein
Third Vice President Mrs. H. C. Sims
Recording Secretary Mrs. Jay Cooper
Financial Secretary Mrs. Sol Schauer
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Sam Lazarus
Treasurer (General) Mrs. Mannie Begal
Treasurer (Projects) Mrs. Larry Richter
River Garden Auxiliary was founded 46 years
ago, and today stands as the largest Jewish women’s
organization in Jacksonville, with over 800 members.
A group of dedicated women dreamed of having a
home for the Jewish aged, and, after many years of
devoted service, their dream became a reality in 1946
when the doors of River Garden Hebrew Home for
the Aged were officially opened.
This fall the Eugenia Coleman Memorial Build¬
ing will open its doors to accommodate 90 additional
residents. This magnificient building, with its added
space, will allow River Garden a greater degree of
versatility in the type of care given its residents.
The women of the auxiliary still provide service
with a heart through our Red Cross volunteers, Golden
Sunshine Club drivers, who provide door to door
transportation for non residents so they can attend
the weekly meetings held at River Garden. We also
bring entertainment and refreshments to the residents
on special holidays, and participate in such projects
as ceramic and art classes, hobby shop and residents’
magazine.
174
In the new building we are engaged in raising
money for decorating and furnishing, through our
Tombola, Donor and Membership drives. Further
funds are raised through our Social Printing Projects.
The annual Linen Shower helps replenish linens at
the Home.
With the expansion program reaching its fulfill¬
ment, the responsibilities of River Garden Auxiliary
have reached a new magnitude. We pledge to continue
our efforts and cooperation in bringing not only ma¬
terial, but spiritual values as well, into the lives of our
elder citizens.
