~^sionist rq a m izatio n of &4
menea
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
OFFICERS
President Emanuel Ehrlich
First Vice-President Sidney Weiss
Second Vice-President Albert Meyerhoff
Secretary Myer Cohen
Membership Chairman David Moss
Educational and Program Chairman Jack Becker
Chairman of the Board Cantor A. Marton
Public Relations Isadore Moscovitz
Board Members Maurice Hammerman,
David Moed and Irvin Rothstein
What is the framework of the Z.O.A. program?
What is its ideological foundation?
This organization functions in three distinct areas
— in the United States, in Israel, and on the Interna¬
tional Scene.
In this country Z.O.A. activities center around:
Public Affairs - our constant and unremitting
struggle to safeguard Israel’s security and independ¬
ence, and our involvement in general Jewish com¬
munity life;
Zionist Adult - Education through culture pro¬
grams, dissemination of Hebrew, periodicals, publica¬
tions, speakers, visual aids, etc.;
Our expanding Youth Programs, include the
campus and Z.O.A. summer programs in Israel;
The promotion and development of Aliya.
Other Z.O.A. endeavors such as membership
drives, publicity, fund raising, are not programmatic
goals in themselves but rather tools for creating the
means to carry our programs forward.
In Israel there are the three large and growing
Z.O.A. projects:
The Kfar Silver Agricultural High School, the
Mollie Goodman Academic High School, and last but
not least, the Z.O.A. House in Tel-Aviv.
On the international scene is our unique World
Zionist Affairs effort, our participation in internation¬
al bodies like the World Zionist Organization, the
World Jewish Congress, the World Union of General
Zionists, and the UN program.
Essentially, the Z.O.A. is an ideological movement
of a General Zionist orientation. Its philosophy is
rooted in the old but ever new concepts of Jewish
EMANUEL EHRLICH
President
peoplehood, the unity of the Jewish people, the cen¬
trality of Israel in Jewish life and the belief in the
principles of liberal democracy as fashioned in the
Western world. A democracy based on complete po¬
litical liberty and on free economic initiative as against
the idea of state supremacy and the Marxist doctrine
of a regimented economy; a democracy founded on
the principle of separation between church and state
to guarantee the spiritual freedom of the individual —
without which true freedom is unthinkable.
Two events of importance took place during the
past year. First, Emanuel Ehrlich was installed by
Rabbi Jerome Lipnick, as President of Z.O.A. at its
opening dinner. The program included a panel discus¬
sion, moderated by Cantor A1 Marton, of “Peace In
The Middle East”. The members of the panel were
Teddy Moscovitz, Rabbi Haskel Wachsmann, and
George Wachendorf, local financial journalist for the
Florida Times-Union.
Later in the year, the annual J.N.F. Banquet,
which had a great attendance, was held in memory
of our beloved Max Rubin, a lifetime Zionist and de¬
voted friend of the Jewish National Fund. The speaker
for this event was Jacques Torczyner, National Pres¬
ident of the Z.O.A. Mr. Torczyner spoke emphatically
of the function and importance of Zionism to world
J ewry.
Head table at dinner in memory of Max Rubin: Left to right; Mr. and
Mrs. Raymond Rubin, Emanuel Ehrlich, Max Becker, Cantor Marton, Mr.
Jacques Torczyner, Mrs. Max Rubin, Mrs. Max Becker, Mr. and Mrs. Rob¬
ert Feingold.
176
