s<
enior
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Mortimer D. Evans
Vice Presidents
Fund Raising Mrs. Sumner Waitz
Membership Mrs. Barry Zisser
Education Mrs. Harold Newman
Programming Mrs. Ronald Levin
Secretaries
Recording Mrs. Kenneth Weinstein
Corresponding Mrs. Edwin Presser
Social Mrs. John Sadowsky
Financial Mrs. Irving Kramer
Mrs. Harry Jaffe
Treasurer Mrs. Lawrence Jaffe
Hadassah is the largest Jewish women’s organi¬
zation in the U.S. It is organized in every one of the
United States and Puerto Rico. The local chapter has
two groups totalling a membership of 700.
Hadassah projects are two-fold. On the American
scene there is the Young Judaean Program with Camp
Judaea in Hendersonville, N.C. and Camp Tel Yehu-
dah in Barryville, N.Y. Being a member of the Civic
Round Table and the United Nations group, Hadas
sh engages in programs dealing with American Af¬
fairs.
The Hadassah Medical Organization in Jerusalem,
MRS. M. D. EVANS, President
noted the world over for its teaching, healing, and re¬
search is the main project of Hadassah. Other proj¬
ects are Youth Aliy ah, Jewish National Fund, and
Vocational Education in Israel. Locally the Hadassah
Bazaar staffed entirely by volunteers has enabled the
chapter to meet its National quotas.
Hadassah meets the second Tuesday of each
month from September through May. The series of
summer book reviews has proved to be extremely pop¬
ular, and the annual Education Day is an outstand¬
ing event. In May 1969 the Southeastern Regional
Conference was held at the Hotel Sheraton.
«lilt IIIMIII Ml III I HI I I II Ml III nil I I mil I I I Mill IIMMMMMMHMMHM I II Ml 11 III III I II I 1111111111111111 11 III!
vcnincj
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Jack Sternstein
Vice-President Miss Kate Bandrimer
(Fund Raising)
Vice-President .... Mrs. Samuel Sherter
(Membership)
Vice-President Mrs. Joseph Rothenberg
(Education)
Vice-President Mrs. Alfred Rosenzweig
(Program)
Treasurer Mrs. Morris Ansbacher
Financial Secretary Mrs. A1 Sinoff
Recording Secretary Mrs. Martha Silver
Corresponding
Secretary Mrs. Albert Bressler
Honorary Vice-President and
Donor Chairman Miss Lottie Salzman
Not Pictured: Mrs. Rothenberg, Mrs. Sinoff
and Miss Salzman.
Officers of Hannah Senesch
This Evening group of Hadassah, a vital part of the Jacksonville Chapter,
numbers approximately 100 members. These women prefer evening meet¬
ings because of business or other reasons.
The meetings are held the second Monday evening of each month at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. The programs for each meeting are care¬
fully planned to include educational and fund raising themes. A social hour
follows and newcomers and guests are always welcome.
177
