OFFICERS
President
President-Elect
Financial Secretary
Treasurer
Membership
Scholarship
ADL Chairman
Hillel Chairman
Publicity and Civic Affairs
Recording Secretary
Program
E. Ted Cohn
Leonard Cohn
Victor Hubsch
Alfred Rosenzweig
Hyman Selber
Joel Goldman
Arthur Hurwitz
Edward Mass
...I. Bud Goldberg
Ted Freedman
...Emanuel Ehrlich
The year 1968 was an eventful one for A.B. Weil
Lodge. A sincere effort was made to create an effec¬
tive relationship between the Lodge and the local
B’nai B’rith Youth Organizations. We are happy to
report that as a result of the work done in this field
the Lodge has instituted a program of awards which
will be given annually to the two members of A.Z.A.
and the two members of B’nai B’rith Girls who are to
be selected by their members as representing the out-
E. TED COHN
President
standing qualities of young Jewish leadership. The
awards will be given at the end of the school year.
The Lodge has continued to maintain its mem¬
bership at approximately the same level of the last
few years and is hopeful that the new slate of officers
whose names appear above will be able to attract new
members by the use of effective programming.
£ ’nai rith (‘Samuel ‘W. UJolfson X odeje <xVo. 2588)
OFFICERS
President E. Charles Oberdorfer
1st Vice-President Edward J. Grenadier
2nd Vice-President Bernard Nachman
3rd Vice-President W. A. Gartner
Recording Secretary Harvey A. Kaplan
Treasurer Norman I. Brody
Corresponding Secretary Alfred Freidlin
Warden H. F. Young
Chaplain Gerald Schemer
Board Members Byron Block, George Glossman
Norman Gross, Dick Hyken, Ronald
Katz, Morton Kesler, Roger Mock,
Howard Rosen, Dr. Henry Wengrow,
Peter Winterfield, Edward J. Witten
Past Presidents Michael Lissner, Robert I. Roth
The Samuel W. Wolf son Lodge of B’nai B’rith has en¬
joyed another fine year and is looking forward to continued
success on both the local and state levels. Our activities have
been varied in the past year. Our Career Day Program has
continued; our athletic teams have been victorious in both
the City touch football and softball leagues; our work with
the B’nai B’rith Youth organizations has been fruitful and
meaningful to all concerned, and our annual Las Vegas night
was again a success. In addition, our Community Service Pro¬
gram was extended by a joint art auction for the benefit of the
both the Jacksonville Art Museum and the Wolfson Lodge.
On the State level, the Wolfson Lodge has taken another
step forward as a leader in the Florida State Association of
B’nai B’rith Lodges. Our charter president, Robert I. Roth,
is now president elect of the State Association for the year
1970-71, and the next Florida State B’nai B’rith Convention
will be held here in Jacksonville to honor Robby’s installation
as president in the spring of 1970. Our immediate past presi¬
dent, Michael Lissner ,has been elected treasurer of the Flor¬
ida State Association for the year 1969-70. In addition to these
two State offices, our Lodge has been honored with commit¬
tee chairmanships on the State level. Morton Kesler is Vice-
chairman of the A.D.L. Committee; Dr. Henry Wengrow is
Vice-chairman of the State B’nai B’rith Youth Organization
Committee; Michael Lissner is chairman of the State Em¬
ploy-the Handicapped Committee; E. Charles Oberdorfer is
Chairman of the State Vocational Services Committee and
Co-Chairman of the State Legacy Development Comm.
Our Lodge was honored by two State awards being pre¬
sented to its members at the recent State Convention. Michael
Lissner received an award for the second year in a row for
his work in the Employ - the - Handicapped Program and
Charles Oberdorfer received an award for the second year in
a row for work in the field of vocational services. Bernard
Nachman recently received a national B’nai B’rith award
for his work in the formation of the Legacy Development
Program in North Florida, the first member of the Lodge to
receive a national award.
We look forward to a prosperous year. We extend best
wishes to all members of the Jacksonville Jewish community
for a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
178
