1969-70 OFFICERS
President Adrienne Walters
1st Vice-President Etta Ettlinger
2nd Vice-President Lynn Ennis
Recording Secretary Rhoda Kass
Corresponding Secretary Marilyn Weinberg
Treasurer Anita Jarrett
Reporter Janet Helman
Chaplain Arlene Dittman
Parliamcntarian-Sgt.-at-Arms Marla Jarrett
Historian Karen Baumgarten and Carol Geist
This past year has been a great one for Gators
B.B.G. As always, our big service program was the
Muscular Dystrophy Drive. We were successful in col¬
lecting $400 for this worthy cause. We have planned
some other service projects for the coming year such
as Biafra and community service.
We were sorry to lose our marvelous advisor, Mrs.
Roger Mock. We have had the pleasure of working
with two other fine advisors, Mrs. L. Helman and Mrs.
K. Hoffman. We are all looking forward to working
very close with our new advisors.
Adrienne Walters
President
In Gators B.B.G. we are working towards main¬
taining the unity between ourselves as we have al¬
ways had. But more than that we will be looking
forward to establishing a closer bond between our¬
selves and our brother chapter, A.Z.A.
We have a great year planned and we are looking
forward to welcoming the new members into our
hearts.
1IIIIIIII II III II I I I I I I I I I I
II ■■■■Illlll
in 11 I I 11 I Ml
■ ■■■Ml IIIIIMIII Illllllllll
^/4LpL 2* a del: ^4/<
ep
OFFICERS
Aleph Godol (President) Robert Zaret
Aleph S’gan (1st Vice-Pres.) Eldad Frisch
Aleph Mor eh (2nd Vice-Pres.) Ben Kramer
Aleph Maskir (Secretary) Abe Rogozinski
Aleph Gizbor (Treasurer) Allen Zerulik
Aleph Cohen Godol (Chaplain) Louis Shapiro
Sweetheart Ava Hoffenberg
Advisors ....Dr, Ken Hoffman and Howard Rosenblatt
Since 1937 Gator Chapter 272 of the Aleph Zadek
Aleph has been a moving force in both the Jewish and
over-all community in Jacksonville by participating in
the Jewish Youth Council. Our chapter looks forward
to 1969-70 as the year of the Gator.
Through our athletics, social, and cultural ac¬
tivities we strive to attain brotherhood for mankind
through fraternalism among ourselves, always holding
our six cardinal principles, conduct, patriotism, Juda¬
ism, filial love, charity and fraternity before us to re¬
mind us what our name means. A is for Aleph or
Ahava- Love; Zis for Zadek or Tzaddik- Charity; and
A is for Aleph or Achdut- Harmony.
We would like to thank our past officers for the
job they did and we look forward to more significant
success in the future. We would also like to thank our
advisor of last year, Mr. Roger Mock, for the service
he rendered to our chapter. Lastly, we would like to
A. Z. A. Officers with
Howard Rosenblatt and Ava Hoffenberg
thank our sister organization, B’nai B’rith Girls, for
always being there when we needed them. We open
our doors to all Jewish young men from the ages of
14-17 who wish to participate in an organization de¬
voted to the brotherhood of man and the fatherhood
of God.
For information please call Eldad Frisch, 359-2255.
179
