5na i
1969-70 OFFICERS
President Mrs. Gus Goldstein
Vice-President, Fund Raising ..Mrs. Henry Weintraub
Vice-President, Membership Mrs. Harvey Zelner
Vice-President, Program Mrs. Donald Kupfer
Financial Secretary Mrs. Martin Caplan
Recording Secretary Mrs. Joseph Rothenberg
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Joel Bressler
Treasurer Mrs. Theodore Edidin
Chaplain Mrs. Harry Glenn
Historian Mrs. Murray Husney
Auditor Mrs. Sidney Brown
Counselor Mrs. Albert Golieb
Founded in 1843, B’nai B’rith Women is a major Jewish
woman’s organization with 135,000 members in over 900 chap¬
ters in the United States and Canada. There are an additional
95 chapters in 22 countries abroad that engage in community,
national and international, educational, philanthropic, civic
and religious programs.
In our community we serve Duval Medical Center by sup¬
plying them with clean, torn hose that is used by the Mental
Therapy Department. Our women have also worked at River
Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged, and Morning Star School
for Exceptional Children, provided workers for the United
Jewish Appeal and Israel Emergency Fund, and offer “home
hospitality” to Hillel members at Jacksonville University.
Through our organization, the Anti-Defamation League in
conjunction with the Jewish Community Council, distributed
President and Vice-President of B’nai B’rith Women
1600 Calendar Memo Date Books to the public schools. With
a display at our Public Library, we have perpetuated the
“Dolls for Democracy” program.
“O/ every B’nai B’rith dollar collected, 69% goes toward
our B’nai B’rith Youth Organizations.”
111111 ••nuil mu inn in ii i ii nun inn i in nuil nun ununuu
<Wational CC^oitnci!
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Joseph Mason
Vice-President Mrs. Jack Coleman
Vice-President Mrs. L. J. Roobin
Vice-President Mrs. Sigmund Safier
Vice-President Mrs. David Mizrahi
Treasurer Mrs. Melvin Esman
Recording Secretary Mrs. Sam Michelson
Financial Secretary Mrs. Joseph Glickstein, Jr.
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Abbott Lieberman
The National Council of Jewish Women is an organiza¬
tion which, in the spirit of Judaism, is dedicated to furthering
human welfare in the Jewish and general communities, local¬
ly, nationally, and internationally. Through an integrated
program of education, service and social action, it provides es¬
sential services and stimulates and educates the individual
and the community toward their responsibility in advancing
human welfare and the democratic way of life.
It is in the spirit of Faith and Humanity that the Jack¬
sonville Section, Inc., carries out the following projects in our
community.
1. Mental Health Forum — Our annual program and semi¬
nar, jointly sponsored with the Mental Health Association
of Duval County, increases public understanding in this
field.
2. Medical Loan Shelf — We supply hospital and sick room
equipment to the indigent of our community at no cost
to the individual. We are the only source of this equip¬
ment in the community at the present time.
3. Pre-School Vision Screening — Our trained volunteers
test the eyes of Pre-school Children in Duval County for
Amblyopia (lazy-eye blindness). Private kindergartens,
Federal and GJEO schools are included. We were the first
of several participating organizations to conduct this serv¬
ice.
4. Teacher’s Aid — Our trained members aid classroom
teachers with academic instructions of children with
speech and hearing handicaps.
Mrs. Joseph Mason
5. Senior Citizens Program — Under the direction and
supervision of Council volunteers, residents of the River
Garden Home make hand-sewn layettes, which are distri¬
buted through local welfare agencies for needy families in
our community.
6. Help to G.J.E.O. — We collect and donate books and
clothing for the G.J.E.O. to distribute to needy families in
the community.
7. Overseas Program — Through the Ship-a-Box Committee,
we send work and play materials to the kindergartens in
Israel. This is done by contributions of toys from our
members and the children of the Sunday Schools of our
Jewish Community.
8. Project “PACT” — (Portable Articles for Children &
Teachers) Working in co-operation with the Children’s
Museum, Council volunteers will assemble protable dis¬
plays to be presented in the classrooms of the Duval
County schools, to augment their Social Studies program.
It is for this project, that the Jacksonville Section, of Na¬
tional Council of Jewish Women was given the 1969
“EVE” Award, in the field of Education, by the Florida
Publishing Company.
180
