Galinsky Acá tifmy
jlml m é JL JL wZP JK>«Lr JL JLJL Jl3l M J JL-j JL wJL JL
i
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
Brent Trager
VP of Education, Galinsky Academy
Shalom and Shanah Tovah! As the
Jacksonville Jewish Center’s VP
of Education, I feel humbled and
honored to serve Jacksonville’s Jewish
community. Over the past few years
I have been privileged to work with
and learn from Debby Kaye, whose
service to the schools and community
has been remarkable. I am inspired
by the dedication and enthusiasm that
the Galinsky Academy’s leaders, teachers, and staff bring to their
work, and am thrilled to help offer and deliver a high-quality secular
and Jewish Education to our children. I strongly believe that Jewish
education is the best bridge from our history to our future.
The Galinsky Academy provides Jewish children of all ages, from infancy through high school, the highest
quality education. Comprised of DuBow Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School, Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School, and Setzer Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy embodies the commitment that all our
children - regardless of the path their parents choose - benefit from the finest teachers, an engaged clergy, and
the best curriculum and technology available.
Our schools and programs teach respect for the diversity of Jewish practice. The Galinsky Academy is a
place where Jewish children, regardless of background, come together around a shared heritage. The Galinsky
Academy not only provides innovative educational programs, it also engages a diverse student and parent
community. We are truly a family of families, a community of learners, representing a wide range of Jewish
practices, commitments, and beliefs. Our children and youth are the thought leaders, doctors, Israel advocates,
community volunteers, philanthropists, inventors, artists, entrepreneurs, teachers, lawyers, and engaged Jewish
adults of the future.
With your help, Jewish Jacksonville will continue to produce a wellspring of young leaders. The Jacksonville
Jewish community shows how much it values our efforts to educate our children through the annual L’Dor V’Dor
giving campaign. This annual campaign is critical to ensure our vision for Jewish Education becomes a reality.
If you regularly donate to this campaign, I thank you for your generous support. If you have not been a recent
supporter, I encourage you to give generously to this cause. Raising the next generation of Jewish children
requires the support of the entire community. Please show that you find the cause of Jacksonville’s Jewish
Education to be worthy of a spot at the top of your philanthropic initiatives. We need everyone’s support to
ensure Jewish life in Jacksonville can do more than just survive. Together, we can thrive!
It is truly a humbling experience to serve this community as your VP of Education for the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. With the support of our community and our staff, the children and their families we serve will
learn the skills necessary to excel in the world of tomorrow, while honoring and respecting our historical Jewish
heritage. May our efforts to serve our community go from strength to strength, from generation to generation.
Sincerely,
Brent Trager
Galinsky Academy, VP of Education
