Committees & Organizations
HESED COMMUNITY
The Hesed Committee at the Jacksonville Jewish Center is comprised of caring members of our own
congregational family who are available to perform acts of loving-kindness, such as:
Making a phone call • Providing a friendly visit • Sending a card • Delivering a meal
How many times have you made a phone call to someone who was ill, visited someone in the hospital or
comforted someone who was grieving? Chances are you have performed countless acts of loving-kindness
to someone going through difficult times. What about when the tables are turned? Most of us have no qualms
about helping someone else, yet we resist letting someone else help us. Why is it so much easier to give than
to receive?
Maybe it would be easier if we took a moment to remember that the mitzvah is not only in our providing
the kindness, it is also being able to receive a kindness. When we accept the kindness of others, we are giving
someone else the opportunity to practice the mitzvot of “g’milut hasadim” just as we have done in the past,
and just as we will continue to do in the future.
Please call or email Danielle Berke at (904) 292-1000, dberke@jaxjewishcenter.org if you or someone
you know would benefit from receiving any of these simple gifts of kindness. Let us all work together to keep
these sacred traditions with each other and strengthen our caring community.
Committee Members
STAFF LIAISON - Danielle Berke
Naomie and Bob Bossen Andrea Hernandez Sylvia Lubliner
Andy Raitt
Debbie Charpiat
Elaine Hodz
Larry Mendlow
Robin Rand
Dina Fetner
Helen Hill
Jack Mizrahi
Marjie Rogozinski
Rhoda Goldstein
Edith Horovitz
Rachel Morgenthal
Beth Shorstein
Peter Hammer
Marcia Howard
Robin Morris
Joan Waitz
Faye Hedrick
Marcelle Karstaedt
Penny Powell
Leon Yergin
SOSHUL NETWORK
20’s-30’s Networking Group - Welcome to
SoShul Network!
We are revamping this program to bring
you the best 20s and 30s programming the
Jacksonville Jewish Center has ever seen!
Do you know a young Jewish person in the
Jacksonville area looking for a place to find
friends, love, networking opportunities, etc?
Then we’ve got just what they’re looking for!
Be on the lookout for information about our
future social events and Shabbat dinners. We’re
looking forward to meeting you!
Questions? Looking to get involved?
Email Gabrielle Magid at:
gmagid@jaxjewishcenter.org
SoShul
31
