SOCIAL JUSTICE
Our Social Justice Committee, known as Rodet Tzedek (pursuer of justice), had a banner year working with
our interfaith affiliate ICARE (Interfaith Coalition for Action, Reconciliation and Empowerment), to promote
positive change for our community. As the only synagogue among its 40 members, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s team, led by Kim Glasgal, attended community problem meetings as well as the great Nehemiah
Assembly. Our members fought for the rights of everyone in Jacksonville, dealing with issues of crime, support
for our mental health services, among others. Among ICARE’s achievements in the past year:
1. Signed the Memorandum of Understanding that expands civil citations and restorative justice to all first-time
nonviolent youth. It will ensure that at least 90% of eligible youth receive civil citations in Jacksonville. This
saves the city millions in arrest fees and saves the lives of our youth.
2. Two other counties, Clay and Nassau, signed on to make civil citations the default. Our work is making
waves outside of the county.
3. Restorative Justice is now seen as the best alternative to jail in our city for nonviolent youth. We have
worked on this campaign since 2011 and it only happened because we are persistent and continue to build
power. Sheriff Williams committed to issue civil citations to 90% of eligible youth by March 27th, 2018.
He also committed to working with Teen Court and State Attorney Nelson to find funding for three more
neighborhood accountability boards.
4. $900,000 has been allocated to the Jacksonville Re-entry Center and six new staff persons have been hired
and more people are being served because of it. Darian Jones spoke eloquently about his experience with the
Re-entry Center.
5. State Attorney Nelson committed to divert youth post arrest to restorative justice programs and work with
judges on this as well. She also agreed to work towards funding.
This work is based upon “people power.” We need more of our congregants to take an active role to ensure
Jacksonville is a safe place for all of its citizens. If you’d like to get more involved in social justice work for
Jacksonville and the greater community, please contact us!
CHAIR
Kim Glasgal
STAFF LIAISON
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
jwsnce jwsrice
VOW SHALL PWRSwe
