►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
i
Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
904-268-4200
Raquel Scharf-Anderson
Head of Schools
It is incumbent upon us to prepare our children in 2017
to think critically and creatively. We must provide them
with opportunities for leadership in our schools, homes,
synagogues and communities. Our DuBow Preschool and
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School students do meaningful
academic work, exercise good judgement and learn how
to relate to others each day. These students learn the value
of curiosity and resilience. Jewish stories, holidays and
lessons are interwoven into their daily lives so seamlessly
that the children understand living Jewishly is wonderful.
In and out of the classroom, our DuBow Preschool and
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School students engage their intellect along with their
social, emotional and physical selves in open-inquiry learning. Our schools have
rich and long histories with proven success yet we never rest; instead, we welcome
growth and change.
The sages advise us to study Torah L’shma“for its own sake.” At DuBow Preschool and Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, we study Torah and all of our subjects this way. When we focus on learning for the joy of acquiring
new knowledge, that is when our children will more likely reach their full potentials. V’ahavtal’reachakamocha,
“to love your neighbor as you love yourself,” is the fundamental lesson our youngest students learn in the
DuBow Preschool. It carries forward as the students journey through the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School where
our middle school students reach out into the Jacksonville community to do mitzvot. This is just the beginning
of what makes our schools so special and so valuable.
I welcome the Jacksonville Jewish Center community and friends to set up a visit to both the DuBow
Preschool and the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School as soon as possible. You need not have school-aged children
to marvel at the impressive research-based curriculum and smile at the beautiful faces of our students. We want
you to become more involved in our schools. We want you to know the exceptional learning that happens here
so that you will share our schools with others you meet. I look forward to your visit!
My husband, Eric, and our children, Samuel and Tzipporah, wish you and your families a year of wonderful
blessings. L’shana Tova U’mituka!
Warmest Regards,
Raquel Scharf-Anderson, MS
Head of Schools
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal
of Middle School
Nancy Davis
Institutional
Advancement
Director
Amanda Watsky
Institutional Advancement
Assistant
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
Executive
Assistant
112
