ARTiN J. Gottlieb Day School
MIDDLE SCHOOLERS DO MITZVOT
.naan ‘raa1? rain p nra ¡Pi par,a miPan apa ¡P pais rrn sin
TV* •• T • ’ • I V T - : “ : • T T : - • V T Z T T
He used to say: It is not your responsibility to finish the work, but neither are you free to desist from it.
Pirke Avot 2:21
The students in the Middle School at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School certainly took this verse to heart this
year. Holiday observances were enriched as students baked and delivered hundreds of honey cakes to seniors at
the Coves, River Garden, Mt. Carmel Gardens, at local hospitals and in their homes. Building sukkot for those
who aren’t able to build their own takes the mitzvah of building a sukkah to a new level.
Students also delivered hundreds of mishloach manot baskets for Purim. ATu B’Shvat seder with residents of
The Coves and a model seder with guests from Mt. Carmel allowed our students to help make the holidays for
these seniors.
Perhaps one of the mitzvot the students find the most meaningful is our observance of Mitzvot HaMet,
honoring the dead. Students roll up their sleeves as they scrub tombstones at the Center Cemeteries.
Our students understand that they cannot put an end to poverty and hunger, but they also understand that
they cannot ignore it. Volunteering to sort food at Feeding America, preparing “care & comfort bags” for the
homeless, and preparing and delivering Thanksgiving food baskets are all examples of projects to address hunger.
Our students worked at Katz 4 Keeps socializing cats and kittens, built a Free Little Library, visited 1st
Responders on 9/11 and veterans on Veterans Day, and volunteered in classrooms for developmentally delayed
students at Mt. Hermon Exceptional Childcare Center. We did not finish the work but we sure did our best! As
the 16 students who graduated this year move on to the high school programs of their choice, it is our hope that
along with academic success they will find opportunities to continue the work that they have begun as students
in the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. They will hopefully continue to build on the foundation of being mitzvah
seekers and doers in all of their future endeavors!
118
