I«-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
BIRDS OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Jack F. Shorstein Senior
Rabbinic Chair
Florida is a bird watcher’s paradise, though I make no claim to knowing much
about the species that fly through our neighborhood. Yet even someone as
ignorant of ornithology as I was amazed by the chance to see the thousands of
Purple Martins passing through Jacksonville this summer. Neither the name of a
cocktail nor a rock band, the Purple Martin is North America’s largest swallow, a
swift and skilled flyer who eats, drinks, and even bathes on the wing. Migratory
birds that live in the U.S. and Canada, Purple Martins winter as far south as
Brazil.
For some unfathomable reason known only to the birds themselves, a flock
of thousands - enough to show up on Doppler radar - chose the trees along
Flogan Street, just west of the Jacksonville Landing, as their home-away-from-
home. From late June through much of July around dusk, one could watch from
the North Bank Riverwalk as countless birds swirled through the darkening
skies in moving patterns that constantly changed shape. As the various hues of
blue deepened, the Purple Martins dove and wheeled ever closer, finally coming
to roost in a copse of small trees next door to the Landing. As they settled down
for the night and crammed each and every branch, the chittering noise they made sounded like a rather loud
waterfall. It was an incredible sight to see and hear. In my amazement at these sights and sounds, a verse from
Scripture passed through my thoughts: “How many are the things You have made, O Lord, You have made
them all with wisdom; the earth is full of Your creations” (Psalm 104:24).
Watching countless thousands of birds wing their way across the sky in an unpredictable wave, one could
only marvel at how they managed to fly in sync without even a single collision. Scientists call this behavior
“flocking.” Each bird’s change of direction is a response to the movements of its neighbors. Every flyer
benefits from the updraft created by the flapping of the wings of the birds in front - so much so that when
any bird falls out of formation, it will notice the extra air resistance it encounters and immediately get back
in line. When the flock changes direction, new leaders will take the helm; as they grow tired, they will rotate
back into formation while others then take the lead. Should a sick or wounded bird drop out of formation,
another bird will follow it until it recovers or dies.
Flocking may be for the birds, but avian behavior could teach us a thing or two about how to better
connect as individuals to the synagogue and vice versa. There is a beautiful fluidity in the way the behavior of
the flock shapes the behavior of the individual. Yet being part of a community doesn’t cost the individual his
or her own identity. On the contrary being a part of the collective enhances the experience of the individual;
sometimes it may even save a person’s life.
In the year 2017 we are caught between a radically self-absorbed culture defined by the secular ethos of
the selfie and the myriad religious fanatics who dismiss the value of individual lives. One extreme is vapid
and selfish; the other is warped and deadly. Judaism rejects both extremes. At the Jacksonville Jewish Center
we believe in Hillel’s dictum, “Do not separate yourself from the community” (Mishnah Avot 2:4), but also
recognize that a community’s ultimate worth is measured by the ways in which
it makes a difference in the lives of its individual members. In the year ahead let
us help you forge a stronger connection to your synagogue family. Joy shared is
multiplied; burdens carried together are lightened. But hey, don’t take my word
for it; just look up to the sky.
Susan, Avichai, Elior, and Itamar join me in wishing you a happy and healthy
New Year 5778, one of health, blessing, and contentment in community. May we
all be inscribed in the book of life.
Shanah Tovah Tikatevu u 'Tehatemu,
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
mmmmmrnmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmm
5
