§
DAY SCHOOL FUSES SCIENCE & ART FOR INNOVATIVE LEARNING
Inspired by the national conversation taking place regarding integrating creativity and science, Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School has begun implementing a STEAM approach to teaching. An acronym for Science, Technology,
Engineering, Art, and Math, STEAM seeks to bridge the logical and creative sides of the brain to the benefit of
both, with the goal being to encourage innovative thinking. Proponents of STEAM methodology believe it is
vital to competitiveness on the world stage in areas of technology innovation, medical research, and clean energy.
Second graders learned about white light and prisms in science class, while learning about color theory in
art. Art teacher Shana Gutterman explains, “We are following in the footsteps of DaVinci and Rube Goldberg.
Scientists and artists both observe and use the world around them.” “By integrating the knowledge learned in
science with the creativity fostered through art, we aim to enhance our students’ understanding,” adds science
teacher Karianne Jaffa.
With an initial donation from the Galinsky Academy PTA, our STEAM teachers were able to purchase
sets of ‘littleBits,’ which are modular snapping building blocks that have a variety of functions and which put
creativity and ingenuity right into the hands of our students. They offer an outlet for structured projects, and
also an excellent opportunity for independent invention and maker-station work. Classes throughout our lower
and middle schools have already had chances to experiment and build with the littleBits sets. For example, our
Third Grade’s unit on the rainforest became a cross-curricula project. During language arts they researched
information about rainforests, and in science class made terrariums based on their research. In P.E. they even
played a game about the rainforest! Art class taught how to paint toucan birds and also how rainsticks are
made. The students then constructed a robotic arm from the littleBits sets to rotate the rainstick!
A day school family was so impressed by the lessons that they committed $15,000 to take the STEAM
program to the next level. Want to see how STEAM learning works in action? Please contact the day school
office at 268-4200 to schedule a tour!
120
