Committees & Organizations
ISRAELI AFFAIRS
As American Jews, we care very deeply
about Israel. Even though many of us may
have never visited Israel, we are deeply
committed to our Jewish homeland. There
is much to learn about and many different
ways to support Israel. The Israeli Affairs
Committee attempts to raise awareness
about Israel through educational and
cultural activities, inviting synagogue
members to participate in community
events at our synagogue and with the
Jacksonville Jewish community at large.
This past year we were fortunate to
have many opportunities for involvement.
Rabbi Matthew L. Berkowitz,the Director
of Israel Programs for The Jewish
Theological Seminary of America, visited
us from Jerusalem. He presented a short
film “Barriers,” a winner of First Prize
for Short Drama at the Jerusalem Film
Festival 2011 and Best Film Intercultural
Dialogue at the International Munich
Film Festival, amongst other awards. We
had a great turn out for this event, which
involved breaking into discussion groups
about this thought provoking and moving
short film.
We also hosted an AIPAC inspired
meeting for JJC high school students as
well as participants from The Temple and
Etz Chaim. AIPAC brought in their Early Affairs Director Josh Losner who works with high school and
college age students to engage them in becoming aware of and advocating for the support of Israel. The
students were attentive, inquisitive, and interactive with Mr. Fosner. Many of them expressed an interest in
attending AIPAC’s national meeting in Washington, DC.
Later in the year, a speaker from ZOA joined us and facilitated a meaningful discussion on the topic
“The Boycott Divestment and Sanctions Movement Against Israel and the Reality of Anti-Semitism.” The
discussion was followed by a wonderful meal.
For Yom Ha’Atzmaut,The Israeli Affairs Committee proudly participated in bringing the first community
wide celebration in many years to the entire Jacksonville community. Over 600 people attended the event,
showing a huge outpouring of support for Israel. We provided an opportunity to learn about the Israeli Defense
Forces complete with army band music, real IDF uniforms to try on, and a photo backdrop for picture taking.
There was also an informative movie about The Lone Soldier program and an opportunity to write letters to
the soldiers to show our support for them.
Many thanks to our clergy and staff at the JJC for their help in making these events happen. If you would
like to get involved or have an interesting idea or suggestion for Israeli Affairs, please let us know!
L’Shalom, STAFF LIAISON
Meryl Rittenberg, CHAIR Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
i ipfil
36
■■j I ■■
