Rabbi Lubliner
BAR MITZVAH CELEBRATION
On the morning of January 28,2017, the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community came together to honor
its Jack F. Shorstein Senior Rabbinic Chair, Rabbi
Jonathan Lubliner, for reaching the milestone of 13
years of service to the congregation. The heimish
service involved the participation of family and
special friends who shared personal stories of the
impact that Rabbi Lubliner has had on their lives.
Colleagues and congregants shared their stories in a
special memory book for the Lubliner family. In a
special tribute, ten representatives (a prayer quorum)
of the community gave thanks for the different facets
of Rabbi Lubliner’s pulpit, thanking him for being
our rabbi, our mentor, our teacher and our friend. A big kudos to the whole committee who worked on everything
from decorating tables to assembling the memory book. Rabbi Lubliner shared his own favorite 13 memories
from these past 13 years, the most poignant being the last one:
Of course, I will always remember how our community pulled together when Scott Zimmerman and Don
Kriss passed away. I’ve tried to stay away from referring to the sorrows and celebrations of individuals and their
families because they are too many to mention and I don’t want anyone to make invidious comparisons. Suffice
it to say that the opportunity to be a part of SO many people’s lives at critical junctions, some sweet and others
sad, has meant so much to me. I estimate that in the past 12 years, 6 months, I’ve officiated at 70 to 75 baby
namings (and britot milah), 300 b’nai mitzvah, 90 weddings, and nearly 400 funerals...plus 7 duckling namings.
What is most wonderful is to be present at a naming or bris and then officiate at that child’s bar/bat mitzvah, or
having participated in a child’s Jewish coming-of-age to see him/her go on to college. You truly feel like you are
a part of someone’s life when you share multiple liminal moments in that person’s journey through time.
Mazel tov to the entire Lubliner family!
70
