A Message from the Hazzan —4
I
THE NOSTALGIA OF YESTERDAY AND
THE NEW IMPACTFUL MEMORIES WE CREATE TODAY
Rena was not more than a week old when I compiled a list of “Best Songs About
Daughters” on my iPhone. Trying to put down into words what this new title of
“daddy” really meant to me, I knew that music and great storytelling could help
me put it all into perspective. Over the past 4+ years, I’ve taken a peek back at
the list every so often to get a little nostalgic and a little verklempt. One song,
Billy Dean’s “Let Them Be Little,” ended up as the soundtrack on both of our
daughters’ one year old video compilations:
Let them be little, cause they’re only that way for a while.
Give them hope, give them praise, give them love, everyday.
Let ‘em cry, let ’em giggle, let them sleep in the middle.
Oh just let them be little.
I hadn’t touched the list since March of 2013, but I began adding to it after
chaperoning a mitzvah trip for our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School this past
November. Looking for a radio station that actually plays music, our ride moved
between 99.9 Gator Country and 99.1 WQIK. No talk, just great country music and even greater story telling.
I’ve been hooked ever since. Between Tim McGraw’s “My Little Girl,” Darius Rucker’s “It Won’t Be Like
This for Long,” and Zac Brown Band’s “My Old Man,” I can’t get through a car ride without getting a little
emotional. A new love for country music and songs with a simple, yet powerful message about parental
relationships will do that to you. In essence, all of the songs mentioned deal with the passage of time - how
time slows down or speeds up and how that affects our relationships with our loved ones.
What is the soundtrack of your life? What’s on your life’s playlist? How often do you take the time to
listen in? How accessible do you allow it to be? Life throws us curveballs and we undoubtedly fall out of
routine. My message to you this 5778 is to make sure that playlist isn’t lost in the back of an archive folder.
Those reminders that touch us, the words and music that we connect with, deserve a place in our daily mix -
for their sake as much as for our own.
The synagogue is a home for such connection. We’re continuing to develop our Friday night instrumental
services with the help of our own talented musicians that breathe life and heart into our prayer. Our holidays
are enriched by Harmonía and our High Holiday Chorale. Our kids choir brings joy to every performance.
Our musical series continues this year with a growing partnership between the Jacksonville Jewish Center
and other local centers of arts and culture such as Douglas Anderson School of the Arts, the Civic Orchestra,
and the Jacksonville Symphony. We’ll be host to a
springtime “Divas on the Bima” concert featuring a
number of my cantorial friends from across the country.
I hope the music and programs of our synagogue will
be a part of your playlist. Be it a Shabbat service or a
concert series, there is the pretext to create powerful
memories and moments that may even leave you teary-
eyed. May we continue to appreciate each and every day.
May we find moments for nostalgia and the creation of
new nostalgia for years to come.
The entire Holzer household wishes you all a Shana
Tova - a happy, healthy, nostalgic and new New Year!
Hazzan Jesse, Leora, Rena and Dafna Holzer
: : wmm
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
9
