- S'í.i, :
Committees & Organizations
SOCIAL ACTION
Social Action is alive and well at the Jacksonville Jewish Center! The consistent participation of our community
leads to our success in helping others that are less fortunate.
Thanks to our many generous members, more than 300 new bed pillows were donated to our local Ronald
McDonald House (RMH) during the past year. These pillows went into new suites at the RMH. Having a new, good
pillow to sleep on is vital for a restful night’s sleep and the families who are here in Jacksonville with a sick or injured
child need rest and relaxation.
RMH also depends on aluminum can tabs to help pay their bills. We have a container at the JJC where we
collect them and encourage our members to do the same at home and bring them to us for donation. They do make
a difference!
We participated again in Dignity U Wear’s Drop Your Drawers drive and although we didn’t donate as much this
year as last, our contribution was significant. We also donated warm hats, gloves and scarves, many handmade this
year. We helped to keep many children and adults warm in the colder months!
For the fourth year, our joint Mitzvah Day with the Temple provided holiday meals for many here in Jacksonville.
On December 25th, we cooked, packaged and delivered more than 300 meals for Meals On Wheels recipients. We
cooked and served dinner at Sulzbacher Center to hundreds and did the same at The Veteran’s Center and RMH.
This year, we made a Hanukkah dinner at Gabriel House and gave those in residence a tasty selection of latkes and
traditional sides and donuts. Residents were happy to share in our holiday celebration and loved the variety of foods
that were prepared by our volunteers.
Once again, our volunteer bakers provided thousands of cookies that were packaged and delivered to our local
First Responders on Christmas Day. This is always a treat for the children in our community and often includes a
tour of the fire stations and trucks.
We continue to keep our carts full of food donations for our JFCS Food Pantry and help to feed many in our
community on an ongoing basis. What a blessing to be able to provide nourishment for those in need!
Our recycling of magazines continues as we bring them to hospitals and local senior centers. Other items are
recycled by donating them to our Teacher Supply Depot. Local teachers rely on these items for a variety of projects
throughout the school year.
We are grateful to our groups of loyal volunteers who go to the Sulzbacher Center on the third Sunday of every
other month to prepare and serve dinner. Many in our community depend on these meals for sustenance.
We are always looking for additional committee members and supporters for our projects. If you are interested
in helping, please contact Rhoda at rhodagoldstein@hotmail.com.
We are looking forward to another wonderful and generous year of giving and helping!
CHAIR
Rhoda Goldstein
STAFF LIAISON
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
33
