Setzer Youth Education
SETZER
YOUTH EDUCATION
Gabrielle Magid
Youth Director
Setzer Youth Education is the department of the Galinsky
Academy that is home to our youth group programming.
We engage with students from 4th - 12th grade, giving
them experiences designed to build friendships and create
memories with their peers. The beauty of our experiential
program is that it provides a safe, fun environment that
allows our youth to develop and strengthen their Jewish
identities as well as their commitment to the Jewish
community here in Jacksonville and around the world-
all while having fun!
In Chalutzim (4th and 5th grade) the primary focus is to build bridges and
foster friendships that extend beyond the walls of the Day School and Religious
School. This builds so that in Kadima (6th-8th grade) students take more
initiative and are taught about the leadership it requires to run their chapter. By
the time they reach USY (9th-12th grade), the students take over, putting their leadership skills into practice.
The department had some big wins this year. We engaged with 111 different kids, doubling membership
in Kadima and seeing improvement in attendance at all youth group activities. We employed six advisors,
providing young professionals as role models. And, we even hosted a Kadima convention and sent 63 kids to
Disney Day!
Being Jewish should be fun, and it’s our goal to prove that to our youth —after all, they are the next
generation of Jewish leaders! We need them engaged in and fulfilled by Jewish life now, so that it’s something
they effortlessly carry with them throughout all stages of life. Whether you find joy in Judaism by ice skating,
searching for Rabbi’s missing lulav on a Sukkot Scavenger Hunt, going to conventions, dancing at an Ugly
Hanukkah Sweater Party at the Coves, etc...there’s never a dull moment in the Youth Department! We hope
you’ll join us and get in on the fun this year. ShanaTovah u’Metukah from your Youth Director and Advisors!
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
The Youth Commission oversees all youth programs
sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, and Scouts. The committee
includes the USY president(s), congregants, the youth
director, and second rabbi. The Youth commission’s
vision is to inspire youth to embrace being Jewish and
joyfully engage with the community. The Youth
commission’s mission is to provide opportunities for
youth to deepen their experience of Judaism, grow lasting
friendships, and learn menschlichkeit (kindness, integrity,
honor, compassion) through community service, prayer,
sports, arts, leadership training, and nature.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups,
the Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to
attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as
Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar in
Israel and USY Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome fun
and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all
over the United States and Canada. The Youth
Commission assists applicants with a variety of
scholarships.
2016 - 2017 COMMITTEE
CHAIR - Mauri Mizrahi
STAFF LIAISONS
- Gabrielle Magid
and Rabbi Shira Rosenblum
Alyse Nathans
Stacy Leach
Allan Andrew
Christina Levine
Gayle Bailys
Claudia Margolis
Brian Bell
Maura Silverstein
Beth Wolpoff
Melissa Miller
Carrie Bielski
Max Mizrahi
Dave Bielski
Nancy Davis
Lisa Wolfson
Marla Rosin-Borrousch
Seth Carpenter
Rebekah Selevan
Debbie Goldstein
Lisa Ross
Yakov Feig
Hilary Rotenberg
Danielle Fetner
Perrin Rubin
Daniel Jaffa
Brent Trager
Debby Kaye
Marte Wasserman
126
