►- Communities & Organizations ~4
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
Adult Education experienced another busy and
insightful year in 2016-2017. Currently, over 125
adults are regular attendees at weekly or monthly
sessions at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, and our
lectures attract a wide variety of community members.
We continue our commitment to offering a variety of
informative classes and special events at all levels
of learning for our congregants and the Jacksonville
Jewish community in general. We thank the Adult
Education committee members who, along with our teachers and clergy, provide many hours of hard work
and dedication to deliver these educational opportunities.
Popular ongoing classes that continued this year are Talmud with Rabbi Lubliner, multi-level Hebrew
classes, Foundations of Judaism classes, ShalOM Meditation, Monday Morning Mapquest, and Coffee
and Torah. Our Adult Library is being used daily, providing a resource for all who wish to do research,
learn something new, or simply enjoy a Jewish fictional story. Our Yiddish Club and Book Club thrive and
continue to expand.
Special events were very well attended! Our yearly Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton brought us
scholar-in-residence Dr. Joel M. Hoffman, who focused on bringing the Bible to life and is known for his
“fresh insights and interpretations about religious life in the 21st century.” Other visiting speakers included
Professor Stephen Cantor, who talked about the possibility of life on other planets, and - by popular demand -
we repeated the very successful “Planning Your Jewish Funeral” workshop, sponsored by Hardage-Giddens.
Try us out! Our programs are generally provided free of charge and are open to all. For continuously
updated information, please visit us under “Adult Education” at JJCJax.org.
Committee Members
CHAIR: Helen Shacter
MEMBERS
Eve Aptheker
Carolyn Krestul
Sandi Driben
Leonard Lipkin
Etta Fialkow
Sharon Rosenblum
Elaine Furman
Millie Tannen
Peter Hammer
Marion Tischler
Wendy Honigman
L’Shariah Tovah!
Helen Shacter, Adult Education Committee Chair Lois Tompkins, Staff Coordinator
27
