i" Setzer Youth Education 4
CAMP KI TOY
Camp Ki Tov, summer 2017, was full of fun!! With our record
breaking numbers that poured in from week one of camp, we knew it
would be a summer like no other!! We had some new faces on staff
eager to meet their campers, plus familiar faces eager to say hello
again.
This summer campers enjoyed our brand new themes, field trips,
and visitors, as well as some old favorites such as fishing, archery,
and sports. We were lucky to have Mrs. Shana Gutterman facilitating our specialty weeks
including STEAM and ART. We enjoyed mad science with Mrs. Susan Burkhart and even had
fun breaking it down in music with Mr. Paul Bavington. Some weeks we welcomed visitors
like Critter Caravan Petting Zoo and Doing Dishes Pottery. Other weeks we ventured offsite to
Bowl America, Pump It Up, the K9 Unit of Jacksonville, and we were even able to take in a baseball game with the
Jumbo Shrimp!! Our new and improved Leaders In Training (L.I.T.) program, headed by Stephanie Hecht, proved
to be a huge success. Our L.I.T.’s had lots of fun learning leadership skills and making friendships while working
with campers and other counselors.
Each day, with varying themes such as Color Day, Wacky Wear Day, Field Trip Day, and more, each cabin
competed with spirit and pride to win the beloved ‘spirit stick.’ We had the privilege of hosting counselors from
Israel at Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought to our camp. As usual, we also
had a great time planning and participating in our annual Camp Ki Tov overnight. There was special nighttime
swimming, flashlight games, and kosher s’mores!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and we were more
than successful! Thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy, and to the loving parents. A big
shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who dedicated their summer to making memories for
our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy, and happy new year. We look forward to creating more friendships with your
children during summer 2018 at Camp Ki Tov!!!
«TtoV
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
130
