Communities & Organizations
CENTER CEMETERIES
In 1905, lands were purchased for the purpose of creating proper Jewish
burial grounds for our congregation. The Center now manages three cemetery
locations in and adjacent to Evergreen Cemetery in North Jacksonville.
To reach the New Cemetery, also known as Jacksonville Jewish Center
Memorial Park, travel north on Main Street to 43rd Street and make a right turn.
The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street. The “Old Cemetery” and
the Beth Shalom cemetery section are both located within Evergreen Cemetery.
To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on Main Street to Winona Street. Make
a right on Winona Street and follow the road until you reach Gate 5. The Old
Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Beth Shalom section, enter through Gate 5
and take the red brick road to the left (Durkee Drive). Follow and turn left onto
Cummer Drive and continue until the road ends (0.4 miles). The Beth Shalom
Cemetery will be on your right.
Our committee is dedicated to the preservation and expansion of our
cemeteries. During the past year, we successfully removed 20 dead or dying trees
and trimmed back 10 others, reducing the risk of trees falling in future storms
and creating new access to the sun in certain sections. Plans are being made for the clearing and plotting of the New
Cemetery’s second section, which will allow for additional sections and a new parking area. Plots are currently available
for all members in Section 12. Learn more about purchasing individual and family plots through the Center’s website
and by contacting the office. Additionally, contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of
loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee
CHAIR
Stuart Appelbaum
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Mike Lissner
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
Howard Wolpoff
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death; yet,
it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of life, of
which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers
Co-Presidents
Ava Axelrod
Bruce Goldring
Vice President
Deinya Mautz
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chair
Stacey Goldring
39
