Committees & Organizations
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
During the year 5777, the Religious Life Community (RLC) under the leadership of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Vice-President Howard Wolpoff, and the assistance of Religious Director David Wolinsky, worked to shape
and guide the religious direction of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
With the departure of Rabbi Howard Tilman, we are very excited to welcome Rabbi Shira Rosenblum as our
new second rabbi and look forward to all that she will accomplish and involve herself with at the Center and through
the RLC.
We were proud to introduce the Nashira Service, a musical alternative service, granting approval to the use of
musical instruments at certain services, and began to have pre-Bar/Bat Mitzvah students read from the Torah. We
also saw significant growth of our new Bar/Bat Mitzvah program and an increased skill level and participation of
many new Torah readers.
Together, we celebrated with Evan Yegewel as he was honored as our third annual Scott P. Zimmerman
Minyannaire of the Year.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily minyan and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a strong
part of our congregation’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect with G-d
and other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved ones. We are
appreciative of the efforts of our minyan captains and dedication of our regular participants.
Many thanks to Rabbi Lubliner and Hazzan Holzer for their hours of dedication and service to our congregation.
We are grateful for the devoted efforts of the RLC members for their hard work in helping to share the present and
future of our congregation.
Community Members
CHAIR - Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Joette Anderson
Faye Hedrick
Max Horovitz
Marco Rand
Greg Arnold
Brad Herbst
Len Lipkin
Harry Shmunes
Lisa Cohen
Etta Fialkow
Aaron Holzer
Len Magid
Robin Shorstein
HOUSE COMMITTEE
Our House committee has been very busy! We worked hard to keep the Jacksonville Jewish Center building and
the beautiful Beth Shalom Park looking great all year round.
This year we concentrated on making sure that we set a schedule to adequately maintain our facility. We have
a very comprehensive list of items that are short-term, mid-term, and long-term that we are continually working
on and monitoring.
This past year’s highlights have included the carpeting of all of the surrounding hallways around the sanctuary
and the re-roofing of the Yegelwel Pool House. We have replaced 5 air conditioning handlers to keep the building
nice and cool. We tuned up the backup generator and updated the automatic power transfer switch to minimize
down time in case of power failures. Our parking lot lighting got an LED upgrade with 6 new pole lights. Our
building security has benefited from adding additional security measures such as door access controls, perimeter
lighting, and security personnel that monitor the building and property on a daily basis.
As we enter the New Year there are several projects on which we are moving forward. We will be completing
our conversion of our lighting so 100% of the applicable lights will be energy efficient LED. We will conclude
the parking lot LED lighting upgrade. We will also finalize plans and begin the beautification project for the Main
Entrance Gate area. We look forward to another productive and successful year ahead!
Committee Members
STAFF LIAISON
CHAIR - Simon Schuster
Gilbert Kleiner
Tyler Curl
Howard Wolpoff
Ben Setzer
Brent Ganey
Alyse Nathans
Ken Hilbert
Alan Andrew
Dave Vandiver
Philip Bloom
Mike Mass
David Schmerer
29
