I-A Message from Rabbi Rosenblum ^
THE DIFFERENCE WE WILL MAKE TOGETHER
There is a Hasidic story about a young boy who travels to a nearby town and hears the
sound of a bugle. One of the townspeople explains that the bugle sounds whenever
there is a fire and it is quickly put out. The boy is amazed! He decides to bring this
miraculous custom back to his small village. On his way home, he buys a bugle and
when he arrives in his village, he calls all of his neighbors outside. He then sets fire
to one of the nearby houses and blows the bugle with all his might. The boy assures
his fellow villagers not to worry because the fire will soon be extinguished.
As the fire spreads to the next rooftop and then the next, the villagers scold the
boy for his foolishness. They immediately begin working together to bring water
from the well and put out the fire. The villagers explain that the bugle is merely an
alarm intended to rally the people to put out the fire. Just as blowing the bugle is not
enough to extinguish the fire on its own, we blow the shofar to remind us to take
stock of our actions and repent. The sound of the shofar has the power to awaken us from our complacency, and
encourage us to commit to a life of mitzvot guided by our values.
For me, the most striking thing about this story is how natural it is for us to act like the young boy instead of
the wise villagers. It is very tempting to seek out easy shortcuts like blowing a bugle to extinguish a raging fire.
We could go about our lives hoping that our actions will suffice and everything will be alright, but Jewish tradition
¡teaches that we need to put in the effort to achieve the desired results.
The High Holidays are a time of personal contemplation and self-reflection, when each of us has the
opportunity to turn our scrutiny inwards and pledge to improve our behavior in the year ahead. This season is also
a time of togetherness, of individuals and families joining in community. In the story, it is really the bugle, not the
boy, that brings the villagers together to save their homes. Only through collaboration are they able to demonstrate
i
the true power of the bugle as their communal wake-up call.
In the coming weeks, I invite you to pay attention to your internal bugle. Spend time considering the changes
you hope to make for yourself, and finding ways to achieve your goals, this year and in the future. If we all strive
to make the necessary alterations in ourselves, we have a chance to better the entire Jacksonville Jewish Center
community as well. I cannot wait to see the difference we will make together!
'
I
Shana Tova u ’Metuka,
Rabbi Shira M.T. Rosenblum
7
