p- A Message from the Executive Director
IMPORTANT CONNECTIONS
I’ve lost my connection!!!
How many times have you heard that comment regarding your Wi-Fi,
your cell phone or any device connected to today’s electronic world?
But, have you really lost your connection... to you as a person? Because
of your busy day-to-day life, have you lost the connection to what is really
important?
Have you lost your personal connection with your parents, your children,
your grandparents or even the one special person in your life?
Have you lost your connection to what is important to you?
Have you lost your connection to God and to your faith, to your synagogue,
to Israel, to our Jewish community here in Jacksonville and Jews around the
world?
With our Jewish New Year 5778 upon us, I would like to invite you to take
this special time of year to reconnect with what is really important.
Please reconnect with your Wi-Fi, I know that comes first, but after you
complete your connection...
Reconnect with your parents. Even if they are no longer with us you can still reconnect by visiting
their graves during the Memorial Service between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. Remembering them
by attending services for Yizkor and their Yahrzeit. If you are lucky enough to have them with you, tell
them you love them and get your family’s living history before it is too late.
Reconnect with your children and grandchildren. Take the time to really know who they are as people.
We lose sight of many wonderful moments in today’s busy world. On Friday night, get together and
have Shabbat dinner, with candles, kiddush and hamotzei. Sit and talk. Try it and you will find that this
connection will create wonderful moments of discussion and well-spent time together.
Reconnect with that special person in your life. You know what to do. If not, call me and I can help
you.
Reconnect with God. Try prayer at shul or home. We can help you. You can reconnect with the
community by coming to services on Shabbat or joining a daily minyan. You will connect with our Jewish
community by assisting those who need to say Kaddish. You are comforting mourners and finding your
faith.
Reconnect by checking out the many upcoming programs we will be offering at the Center this year.
We are offering programs from a music series to Talmud to social activities, Friday night dinners and even
celebrating Israel’s 70th birthday. Many programs will be new and you can regain your connection with
new and old friends.
You can reconnect as we celebrate DuBow Preschool’s 75 years of educating our youth in Jacksonville.
Events are being planned, we would love to have you join us to plan, promote, and celebrate.
I am taking a new look at my connections and I
invite you to join me in 5778 and discover that what
we are missing is more than the Wi-Fi connection
that we have lost. Email me at Gkleiner@
jaxjewishcenter.org if I can help you reconnect - but
I don’t do Wi-Fi reconnecting!
Carol and I wish you and your family a Happy,
Healthy and Reconnected 5778.
B’Shalom,
Gilbert Kleiner, FSA
Gilbert Kleiner, FSA
Executive Director
II
