Galinsky Acade
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
PTA Officers
Emily Spector - PTA President
Rachel Brodsky - Treasurer
Cindy Handmaker - Secretary
Natalie Dayan - VP of Programming
Faye Hedrick - VP of Membership
Tracy Hilbert - VP of Fundraising
Don and Amy Levenson - Religious School
Liaisons
Simon Schuster - VP of Services
The purpose of the PTA is to help support and enrich the
needs of every student and teacher at the Galinsky Academy by
engaging families through community building opportunities.
We are incredibly proud of the 2016-2017 school year and all of
the exciting family programming we experienced that created
a sense of community and true engagement of all members
within the Galinsky Academy family. The PTA is also sincerely
delighted to have been able to make significant monetary
contributions to the Galinsky Academy and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center (JJC) to improve the curriculum and the safety
of all people who enter the JJC. Sizeable contributions included
purchasing an AED ($1400), providing seed money for the
STEM initiative ($1500), and donating a total of $10,000 to L’Dor V’Dor since last year, which is ear
marked for field trips and enrichment activities for all of our students at the Galinsky Academy. Smaller, but
noteworthy, contributions made by the PTA included subsidies for several successful community events such
as the welcome back school breakfasts and mother / son and father / daughter events, as well as purchases for
individual schools and classrooms in order to further enrich our students' learning experience.
Looking forward to the 2017-2018 school year we would like to be able to continue our generous support
of our schools. The only way that this is possible is to have 100% participation with PTA membership and to
have all families involved in the fundraising that will be taking place throughout the upcoming school year.
We would also like to encourage all parents to get involved in the PTA by volunteering throughout the
school year. Some volunteer examples include chairing events, special event assistance, classroom help,
communicating with other parents, fundraising, and even helping from home. Whatever you choose, it’s a
rewarding experience! Get involved and make new friends...we look forward to working together with you
during this school year!
Shana Tovah U’Metukah,
Emily Spector and Galinsky Academy PTA Board
*Check out our Event Calendar http://
galinskyacademy.org/pta/events/ and on
Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/
gal in skyacademypta/
121
