Special Events
MINYANNAIRES SHABBAT
Minyan has been a major component of synagogue life for
our congregation. For over 115 years, the Jacksonville
Jewish Center has held a regularly scheduled minyan
in the morning and evening. Those who attend on a
regular basis are known as Minyannaires and are
valued by those that attend in need of a minyan to say
kaddish. These Minyannaires are also members of a
special community. On Shabbat morning, February 18,
the congregation celebrated all of the members of this
community on our third annual Minyannaire Shabbat
and proudly honored Evan Yegelwel as our Scott P.
Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year.
Minyannaires Shabbat is an opportunity to shine
a light on our congregational minyan for which there
are many reasons to be proud. The Center has a minyan
for Shacharit (in the morning) and Mincha/Maariv (in
the evening) services every day which allows mourners
and people observing a yahrzeit to say kaddish for their
loved ones. Each and every day our members come
together for prayer, camaraderie and to perform the
mitzvah of participating in the daily minyan.
Our honoree, Evan Yegelwel, sat on the Center’s
Executive Committee and the Board of Directors
for over two decades, having served as congregation
President and Chairman of the Board in the late 1990’s. He also served as chairman of the building fund at
a key moment in the Center’s history. However, his involvement with our congregation began with minyan,
serving on the Minaynnaires Club committee in the early 1980’s and scheduling speakers for the Sunday
morning post minyan breakfast.
In the late 1980’s, Evan served as a Shabbat morning usher, and in 1996, he began an almost twenty year
run as Sunday evening minyan captain.
Evan is a leader in the Jacksonville legal community in addition to the Jewish community. He is a
partner in the law firm of Terrell Hogan Yegelwel, PA. and has been a member of the firm for over 32 years.
He is a Florida Board Certified Civil Trial Lawyer, has focused his personal practice in the field of personal
injury, products liability and mass torts.
He served as the first President (1992-1995) of the Foundation for River Garden Hebrew Home for the
Aged, served on the Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish Federation for 16 years, on the National
Executive Committee for AIPAC and was AIPAC Northeast Florida
Chair for over 25 years.
As part of this event, we bestow the Minyannaire of the Year award
to one member for his or her activities in minyan throughout the years.
The award has been named in memory of our beloved Ritual Director,
Scott P. Zimmerman, who passed away in 2014 and honors someone
who stands out as a minyan participant who: attends frequently; shows
initiative; developed davening skills; experienced religious growth; taken
on a leadership role and has shown the ability to bring others along on
their own spiritual journey.
— I
77
