■■ . ' . ' . .. • .. ■ ■ . , .. ■ .. . " : ■
b- Communities & Organizations -4
MEN’S CLUB
“Involving Jewish Men
in Jewish Life”
It is my honor to serve
as the President of the
Men’s Club. My family
has been a member of
the Jacksonville Jewish
community for one
hundred years! The
Jacksonville Jewish
Center Men’s Club is an
organization dedicated
to the enrichment of
Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish
community. The Men’s
Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work
together supporting, sponsoring, and participating in
programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving
Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international
organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities
and Center participation have earned your Men’s Club the
First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards from
FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program is
now being implemented in Men’s Clubs across the nation.
We participate in a wide range of FJMC programs and
activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust Memorial
candles so that every congregant can honor the memory
of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and World Wide Wrap
which brings together congregants, clergy and Center
youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the mitzvah
of wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of
Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize
our youth for reading Torah in our synagogue services
and building on the success of the Yad Shel Chai program.
The Men’s Club Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is
given each spring to one Teacher in the Center schools
who best represents the life commitment necessary to
bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children.
We provide a metal finished Kiddush cup for Bar and
Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th graders that
complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and raise
funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend
Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who
otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well as
our regional Jewish community. Our members regularly
get together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball,
touch football games or perform community service
activities. One of our highl ights is the opportunity to prepare
meals at the I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the Homeless. This
past year, we co-sponsored a campout with the Galinsky
PTA. In the fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party
features fun, food, raffles and the opportunity to schmooze
with friends while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars
play an away game on a big screen TV. We are visible
friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the
year, Men’s Club members help with Sukkot and Purim
programs. We lead and participate in Men’s Club Shabbat
and the Armed Forces Shabbat. We are your children’s
teachers, your community volunteers and your spiritual
lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at
least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community. I firmly believe that the Men’s
Club offers something for every man. So come on out and
join us for an activity this year.
I think you’ll enjoy
supporting our Jacksonville
Jewish community and
spending quality time with
other guys just like you!
MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President Secretary
Brian Bell Bruce Stark
1 st Vice President
Peter Hammer
Chairman of the Board
Harry L. Peltz
Board Members
Moti Demri
Steve Gross
Mike Herring
Dave Schmerer
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Neil Gordon
Past Presidents
Harry L. Peltz
Neil Gordon
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
43
