v>
rogressive
C re dit \A
nion
OFFICERS
President Moe B. Safer
Vice-President Edwin Presser
Secretary - .... Herman Gelman
Treasurer .... Joseph Cohen
Directors W. Z. Goldberg,
David Gradman and Eugene Henry
Associate Directors Samuel Schuster,
Wallace Rubenstein and Joe P. Safer
Credit Chairman Mac Presser
Committee Irvin Gendzier, Murray B. Glickstein,
Max Becker, Stanley B. Gelman, Milton Hecht
The Progressive Credit Union sponsored by the
Jewish Progressive Society is organized to encourage
thrift and provide a safe, convenient medium where¬
by members can invest and accumulate savings. The
Credit Union carries life savings insurance of $2,000
and loan protection insurance without any direct cost
to the members. Last year the Board declared a 5%
dividend on savings and 10% rebate of interest to
borrowing members.
Ten Commandments of our Credit Union: The
Member is the most important person in our Credit
Union. The Member is not an outsider, he is an owner
of our Credit Union. The Member is not an interrup¬
tion of our work, he is the purpose of it. The Member
does us a favor when he calls — We are not doing
him a favor when we serve him. The Member is not
a cold statistic — He is a human being with feelings
and emotions like our own. The Member is not some¬
one to argue or match wits with. The Member is a
person who brings us his wants -— it is our job to
fill these wants. The Member is deserving of the most
courteous and attentive treatment we can give him.
The Member is not dependent o nus, we are dependent
on him. The Member is the life blood of this Credit
Union.
The year’s activities climax with the annual dinner
meeting at the Center. Anyone who wishes to join is
extended a cordial invitation.
JewiJ. ‘War We terans of the IA *S.
LT. MEYER LEIBOVITZ POST 199
Commander
Sr. Vice Commander
Jr. Vice Commander
Adjutant
Quartermaster
Chaplain
Surgeon
Nathan Barber
Elliott Starr
Max Rosenberg
Louis Segal
Max Becker
Martin Lind
. Dr. Louis A. Wilensky
NATHAN BARBER
The oldest active veteran organization in the
United States is the patriotic voice of American Jewry
in affiliation with all major patriotic organizations, vis¬
iting hospitalized veterans, decorating the graves of
Jewish soldiers of all wars. As members of the Com¬
munity Council we participate in all movements in
the interest of the Jewish community.
197
