OFFICERS
President Roland Mizrahi
1st Vice-President Jeff Barnett
2nd Vice-President Nathan Gendzier
3rd Vice-President Jeff Epstein
Recording Vice-President Eileen Raskin
Corresponding Secretary Robin Jawitz
Treasurer Stephen Presser
Dear Friends:
This past summer when I attended the Leadership
Training Institute held at Camp Blue Star at Hender¬
sonville, N.C., the first thing they taught me was the
aims of United Synagogue Youth. They were: to
offer opportunities to the Jewish youth to continue to
strengthen his identification with Judaism and with
the Synagogue as the central agency of Jewish life
in America, and to give Jewish youth an awareness of
the essential harmony between the ideals and tradi¬
tions of Judaism and American Democracy.
I feel that this past year the Charles Palot Club
has strived to reach these goals. The Charles Palot
Club got off to a good start as we headed off to
Goldhead State Park for a day of pure enjoyment.
We followed this up by some enthusiastic meetings
including Jewish Jeopardy and a Swim Party. Our
programs also included a variety of relevant political
and religious topics such as an Aggression Lab, “The
Relevant Yom Kippur”, a dinner-discussion meeting
on inter-faith dating, and a discussion on Soviet Jewry
led by Rabbi David Gaffney topped off by a phone
call to a Soviet Jew in Moscow.
Officers shown with their leaders,
Rhoda and Arthur Goldstein
I would like to thank my advisors, Rhoda and
Arthur Goldstein and Larry Browdy, as well as my
fellow officers for the great assistance they gave in
helping mold our club into one of the most respected
clubs in the south. I would also like to thank Mrs.
Blanche Slott for the encouragement and guidance
throughout the year.
Best wishes for the future of the Charles Palot
Club, and may the members continue to strengthen
their identification with Judaism and with the syna¬
gogue as a central agency of Jewish life.
Shalom,
Michael Shorstein
iiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiuiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiuiin :n jiiniiiiiiMiiuiiMiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiuiiiuH
<J(acL
tma
OFFICERS
President Jay Plotkin
Vice-President Wendy Roth
Secretary Margie Cohen
Treasurer Shana Safer
Membership Chairman Heidi Crystal
Program Chairman Lawrence Ansbacher
Kadima is the youngest USY group and limits its
membership to seventh graders only. Activities are
carefully geared toward this group with a liberal
amount of social and fellowship blended into a mean¬
ingful program of Conservative Judaism.
Kadima’s last year’s activities included roller
skating, business meetings, participation in the Purim
Carnival and a dance at the Plantation Apartments
which introduced the sixth graders to Kadima.
An innovation this summer was a special leader¬
ship training conference for Kadima only in North
Carolina which was attended by the following Jack¬
sonville delegates, Sharon and Marie Saraga, and
Eileen Raskin.
Advisors for this year are Mrs. Lewis Ansbacher,
Lauren Schemer and Richard Ansbacher. They and
the entire enthusiastic group invite all seventh graders
to joint them for a wonderful year in Kadima.
103
