Lawrence Rackow,
Director
President Lawrence L. Jaben
Vice Presidents Mrs. Charles Bay
Donald D. Cohn
Theodore Edidin
David Konigsburg
Milton B. Mann, M.D.
Edward Siegel
Treasurer Norman Moss
Lawrence L. Jaben
President
The J.F.C.S. is the casework agency of the Jewish
Community. Its main service is counseling on an
individual, family and group basis. A fee, based on
family income, is charged but no one is turned away
because of inability to pay.
It is licensed by the State to provide child
placing services including foster home care, adoptive
placement and work with unmarried mothers.
It provides short term financial assistance to
local families and transients, day camp scholarships
and interest free college loans. Its services to the Aged
includes the local intake for the River Garden Hebrew
Home, services in their own homes and a Friendly
Visiting Program. Its outreach programs consist of a
youth “rap” and encounter group, monthly services
with the patients at the State Hospital at MacClenny,
and a bi-weekly service with the prisoners at Raiford.
In 1972 a total of 368 families or individuals were
served through its various programs. Five children, a
record high for the agency received supervision in
foster homes. On the other hand, because of the lack
of available children for adoption, applications for
adoptions were stopped. Records of inquiries are kept
so that if and when children become available these
people can be contacted. More than $7,000.00 in direct
grants was given to 51 individuals in 38 local families;
about $700.00 for medical and dental costs, about
$500.00 for transient help and almost $300.00 for the
patients at MacClenny and the prisoners at Raiford.
Throughout the years (The J.F.C.S. held its
55th annual meeting last January) the J.F.C.S. sought
to serve the Jewish Community with the latest tech¬
niques and wisdom. Our current terminology stresses
the word “Relevant'’. We seek to be relevant. As part
of our self evaluation, a questionaire was mailed to
the community about needed services. The preliminary
returns confirm our belief that in addition to help
establish two single adult groups (Those over 35 and
those below), there is a need to re-organize the
Friendly Visiting Program. By the time you read this,
we hope to have both these programs going.
GORDON PLUMBING CO.
10553 Atlantic Blvd. 724-5058
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
HAPPY NEW YEAR
MR. AND MRS. ALVIN COPLAN
CAROLE & SUSAN
Best Wishes
GREETINGS
STORMES
MOVING & TRANSFER
COURTEOUS and RELIABLE
MOVING and STORAGE
321 N. Lane Ave. 781-4371
Jacksonville, Florida 32205 ^
175
