<Education ¿J&irector
The past year was very meaningful. In a way the
Center School was a microcosm of what is occurring
in all Jewish schools. Programs for afternoon schools
are rapidly changing. Day Schools are expanding and
offering many opportunities. In Sunday School, special
short courses were initiated indicating a new trend in
the areas of study.
In Day School, Hebrew studies begin at 8:00 a.m.
for the upper three grades, when pupils are most alert.
Value concepts were stressed. The 25th Anniversary
celebration of the State of Israel proved to be a
source of inspiration for the personal projects and dis¬
plays made by the pupils. Holiday plans and many
synagogue services featured the talents and skills
which were developed. On Pimm they read the Megil-
lah, on Passover they could describe and lead a Seder
by themselves, on Shavuot they chanted the Akdamut
before the reading of the Ten Commandments. These
pupils know why they attend a Jewish religious school,
are proud of it and enjoy the sense of accomplishment
and unity it brings.
A sizeable percentage of our Bar Mitzvah candidates
read the Torah for their own and their friends’ Bar
Mitzvahs. The Hebrew School has been called on for
the reading of Haftorahs on non-Bar Mitzvah Sab¬
baths. In both Hebrew departments several punils
exhibited their individual accomplishments by entering
and scoring well in national contests on knowledge of
Israel and the Bible. Nine of our pupils are attending
Camp Ramah in New England this summer and two
of our graduates are Jr. Counselors in the same camp.
TED GROSS
Principal of Religious School
In the Sunday Religious School, the outstanding
change is noted in the expansion of the mini courses
for the 9th and 10th grades. Courses included: Jewish
Art, Cooking, Modem Israel, Israel Dancing, Jackson¬
ville Jewry, Russian Jewry, the Holocaust, and most
popular, the Yiddish language.
To our committee members, professional and lay
teachers and our secretarial staff, we offer special ex¬
pression of gratitude for helping us achieve the Mish-
naic ideal; the study of Torah excels them all.
Minyan Club: Ted Gross, David Sucholeiki, Scott
Greenfield, Richard Ansbacher, Brian Haft, Nathan
Slaff, Philip Silver, Steven Presser and Sam Rogozinski.
Torah Readers shown with Mr. Gross:
Nathan Gendzier, Steven Presser, Roland Mizrahi, Phi¬
lip Silver, Scott Greenfield.
35
