92
«ver
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Gerald Glickstein
First Vice President Mrs. Nat Gold
Second Vice President Mrs. Lloyd Roberts
Third Vice President Mrs. Edward Witten
Recording Secretary Mrs. William Dubow
Financial Secretary Mrs. Larry Richter
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Aaron Block
General Treasurer Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
River Garden Auxiliary, formerly Ladies Hebrew
Sheltering Aid Society, is entering its 52nd year of
“Service with a Heart”. River Garden Auxiliary was
founded by a group of dedicated women who dream¬
ed of having a home for Jewish aged in Jacksonville.
In 1946 their dream became a reality and the Auxi¬
liary continues to provide a home for the aged giving
them not only shelter but also loving care, companion¬
ship and medical care.
The Auxiliary provides extra budgetary needs as
furnishing, redecorating, air conditioning, kitchen, of¬
fice, and infirmary equipment, and hobby shop mater¬
ials. Funds are raised through our Tombola, Donor,
social printing, candelabra and mezzuzah memorials as
well as dues and life membership. Linen at the Home
is replenished through our annual Linen Shower in
January.
The Auxiliary contributes not only financially to
the Home, but also sponsors activity and volunteer
programs. Golden Sunshine meetings are held weekly.
Officers of River Garden Auxiliary
Our members provide door to door transportation for
non residents to attend these weekly meetings. Resi¬
dents participate in projects served by the Auxiliary
such as ceramic and art classes, hobby shop, and
resident’s magazine. Special parties are planned for
Chanukah, Purim, Mother’s Day, and Father’s Day.
The Red Cross Volunteer Program helps in yet another
way to personalize life for the residents.
As our new year rolls around, we pledge our
continued devotion and service to River Garden and
its residents in the hope that we can help bring some
measure of comfort and meaning to their lives.
LAKEWOOD FUEL OIL CO.
Kerosene & Fuel Oil
Air Conditioning and Heating
2742 Rainbow Road — 733-8555
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Raleigh Specialty Mfg. Co., inc.
BILL FUCHS
2450 N.W. 76th Street
Miami, Florida 33147
Compliments
of
-
JAX LIQUORS
Pierce Prescription Shop
315 LAURA ST. 353-9669
P. O. Box 8743 — Jacksonville, Ha. 32211
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
Consult Our Yellow Pages Classified Directory
179
