Sidney Entman
River Garden Home
OFFICERS & TRUSTEES FOR 1973-74
President Donald D. Cohn
Vice President
Admissions Miss Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman Admissions Lewis Meisel
Co-Chairman Admissions Bernard Nachman
Vice President House Committee Eli Becker
Vice President
Residents Welfare Mrs. Roy J. Sloat
Vice President
Public Relations Mrs. Joseph Bernstein
Medical Director Dr. Harry Yoffee
Treasurer Albert Kofka
Secretary Jack Schwager
Investment Counselor Norman Hofheimer
Chairman of the Board Sheldon Gendzier
Other Board members are: Joe Becker, Aaron
Block, Jack Coleman, Abe Diamond, Frank Diamond,
Leon Donziger, Harry Gendzier, Mrs. Gerald Glick-
stein, Mr. and Mrs. William Goldman, S. W. Goldstein,
Arthur J. Gutman, Bennett Hirsh, Mrs. Abe Horovitz,
Sol Katz, Miss Mildred Kaufman, Irving Klepper. Mrs.
Laser Klepper, Martin Lind, Bennie Margol, Rudy
Moss, Mrs. Nathan Newman, Herman Paul, Mrs. My¬
ron Rosenberg, Simon Rothstein, Mrs. Moe Safer, Mrs.
Jack Schwager, Alfred Seitner, Lou Small, David
Stein, Samuel J. Thier, Herbert Warner, Bert Whit¬
field, Edward Witten, Mr. and Mrs. Ike Witten, Mrs.
Paul J. Witten, and Dr. and Mrs. Sam Witten.
Time paused for a moment this year on April 8th
to mark the 27th anniversary of River Garden. Since
1946, the Home has been a haven to the aging and in¬
firm who no longer could manage in the outside world.
Sidney Entman, Executive Director since 1946,
presented his 27th report at the Annual Meeting.
The progression of time has seen many changes
in the scene along the St. Johns River; from an ante¬
bellum style mansion housing 10 people to a three
and a half million dollar complex serving 175 residents
in safety and comfort. In reality, the Home has become
a miniature community with a staff of 135 plus 40
volunteers, a Board of Trustees with 50 members and
over 800 members in the River Garden Auxiliary.
And like a miniature town, the Home is responsible
for delivering all the services needed in any com¬
munity: nursing, counselling, gardening, - and, name
it! - it takes place at River Garden. In reality, the
Home substitutes for the family and neighborhood by
providing a satisfactory life style to the aging and
infirm.
Whom do we serve? We serve the communities of
Florida except the Greater Miami area. Do we serve
the elderly only? There are over 20 residents under
the age of 65 now living in the Home. Do we serve
the long-term patient only? Another quite successful
program is the short-term stay for recuperation and
rehabilitation following time in the hospital when one
is not quite well enough to go home. In 1972 we served
109 patients for 3,795 days care, averaging about 15
days per patient. What responsibility does the Home
have for medical services? In many ways the Home
is a hospital providing similar services excepting surgery
or elaborate diagnostic facilities. The River Garden
resident goes to the hospital only for these special
procedures. Otherwise, the Home keeps all of its resi¬
dents in dignity and allows the final step to take place
in comfort and privacy in their own “home”.
Future objectives of the Home are to continue to
enrich the River Garden communal life by providing
more and more outlets for personal and individual
expression by each resident.
SILVER POLISH
"THE 8EST YET"
Keep your shiny silver in sight
Use SISTERHOOD'S POLISH to keep it perpetually bright
Call Center Sisterhood Representative — Mrs. Sarah Krulevitz 396_6572
!
177
