í<Jhe ¡Sanctuaru and hapel
Above all, the Synagogue is a House of Prayer,
a Sanctuary. Here we seek to commune with God, to
expand His presence in our world and derive the inner
strength and inspiration with which to meet life. Here
we celebrate the Sabbath and Holy Days, and dedi¬
cate ourselves to the ideals of Judaism. Here we sanc¬
tify life’s significant occasions.
The Sanctuary, with ceiling seemingly extended to
infinite heights, will be of proportions which neither
dwarf nor magnify Man. Rather, in proper proportions
will he find his true relationship to God and his fellow
men. With reverence and solemn pride will we say,
“How lovely is Thy Tabernacle, O Lord of Hosts!”
The Chapel, a sanctuary in miniature, will provide
an impressive setting for Daily Prayer, small weddings
and will be a fitting House of Study.
OL JZd
vary
an
J 92
esource
Here, indeed, is a spacious room for which we have
a great need. It can be used for dining, concerts or
lectures. Tastefully decorated, it will provide a fitting
setting for “simchas” such as wedding and Bar Mitzvah
receptions. Adjoining the Social Hall will be the Social
Garden where we can enjoy the reception prior to a
dinner. Fully equipped and spacious kitchens will be
provided where dietary laws will be carefully observed.
These complete kitchens will be capable of serving all
types of functions.
To preserve the social and cultural aura of the
Social Hall there will be a Multi-Purpose Auditorium
which will serve many and varied activities. It will be
a gymnasium for athletic and gymnastic activities . . .
an auditorium for both school children and adults . . .
a cafeteria for our Day School and a theater for stage
presentations.
C“Center
Our architects have provided us with a unique but
functional concept of a library. Its unique feature will
be in the manner in which it serves as a learning and
resource center. It is to be an open area in the center
of the school wing which can be converted into an
open and common classroom for the surrounding
classrooms.
A library represents the recorded soul of a people.
Here will be housed the basic written treasures of our
people . . . past . . . present . . and future. Volumes
will be carefully selected to meet the needs of our
school children . . . our adults .. . and our senior adults.
In addition, there will be a special alcove for rare
books; an area for audio-visual education; and display
cases to house historic and antique Judaica items. All
in all, it will be a storehouse from which we will be
able to draw inspiration for the pursuit of greater
intellectual attainments and religious knowledge.
32
