TIKVA Group Executive Officers:
President Mrs. A. J. Bloom
Vice-President - Membership Mrs. Myer Cohen
Vice-President - Fund-Raising Mrs. Sumner Waitz
Vice-President - Education Mrs. Sam Rosenthal
Financial Secretary - Dues Mrs. Philip Keitlen
Treasurer Mrs. Barry Zisser
Recording Secretary Mrs. Jack Price
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Joe P. Safer
The TIKVA Group of Hadassah meets the sec¬
ond Tuesday of each month from October through
May.
The Summer Book Reviews were enjoyed during
the month of July. Plans are being formulated for a
very stimulating and meaningful year. All members
are invited to participate in our activities, to help meet
our commitments to Israel and to enrich our lives as
American Jewish women.
New members are most welcome.
SHIR LI OFFICERS
President Mrs. Lanny Zimmerman
Vice-President - Membership .... Mrs. Stanley Gelman
Vice-President - Fund-Raising Mrs. Fred Young
Vice-President - Education Mrs. Steven Rohan
Vice-President - Program Mrs. Leo Davis
Financial Secretary - Dues .... Mrs. Shelly Teitelbaum
Treasurer Mrs. Marshall Fox
Recording Secretary Mrs. Howard Weinstein
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Warren Schulman
The SHIR LI Group of Hadassah was chartered
last year. We hope to grow and add our strength to
the expanding needs of the vital programs of Hadas¬
sah. Mrs. Stanley Gelman (Roz), our founder and
vibrant Membership Vice-President is working dili¬
gently to increase our numbers. Won't you call Roz at
733-3679 and tell her you'll join. We sincerely wel¬
come you.
We are proud of our initial effort in Hadassah and
have many exciting plans for the coming year.
Carol Bettman
Janet Goldstein
• Haschar (Young Judaea) is a national Zionist
Club. Some people have said Haschar is only for
“intelligent people". This isn't always true, but we
are always learning.
This past year in Jacksonville we really didn't
have a senior club. We decided to do something about
it, and built T.U.S.H.Y. (Terrific Union of Sophisti¬
cated Hebrew *Vouth). We don't have many members,
but the Judaeans we have are quite active.
We attended Winter Convention at the Plaza
Hotel in Daytona and Summer Convention at Camp
Judaea in Hendersonville, N.C. At Summer Conven¬
tion we elected our regional Exec and two were from
Jacksonville! Publication Chairman, Carol Bettman,
Va'ad Techun—Janet Goldstein.
Four Judaeans attended our national camp at
Barryville, N.Y., Camp Tel Yehudah. One Judaean was
able to attend the National Convention at Tel Yeh¬
udah, August 23-30.
Meetings are held every Tuesday evening. We
had a lot of help from Hadassah and mostly from our
advisor, Wendy Klein. We hope to continue growing
in Jacksonville and all over the country. Introducing
Judaism, traditions and learning about Israel, is our
main aim.
