COMÍ
162
The Center Girl Scout Troop 162 led by Isabel
Balotin and Jackie Lasky offered a very creative and
educational year for all. Starting with division into
The patrols were:
GREEN PEAS
Deborah Bressler, Leader
Susan Epstein, Asst. Leader
Cindy Cohan
Sharon Lasky
Susan Ralph
Troop officers were Susan Epstein and Cindy
Cohan, Treasurer, and Debby Katz, Corresponding
Secretary.
Girl Scout skills with trail signs led to our first
cookout. What fun! After that we had five more cook-
outs which were great successes. Each Scout was taught
camping skills and campout behavior so each would
be prepared for the overnight stay at Camp Chowen-
waw.
Aside from swimming, relays and lots of singing,
it was a year full of creative projects. There was
de’coupage, foil art, ceramics, weaving, horticulture
and most of all good grooming. Whatever project was
undertaken, the Scouts were always enthusiastic.
They donated their time and energy to the Purim
Carnival where they had two very successful booths.
They also took part in the Israeli Cabaret, and
planted trees for Tu B’shvat at the Campsite. The
patrols, each patrol elected a leader who was respon¬
sible for keeping the Scouts in control and making
sure each duty assigned to their patrol was carried out.
BLUE BANANAS
Lori Leff, Leader
Debbie Katz, Asst. Leader
Kara Brown
Kelly Nail
Marcia Greenbaum
Susan Schwab
greatest money maker of all was the annual cookie
sale. With the profits, we all took off to Disney World
for a day, which was truly unforgettable.
Scouting has given the girls an exposure to the
outdoors that many of them could not get otherwise.
And what more perfect place is there than the camp¬
site? Hopefully the girls have learned an awareness
of the wonderful nature around them and how to
cope with it and enjoy it.
It was truly a rewarding year, both for the leaders
and the girls. Whoever said “Youth is wasted on the
young” was never a scout. Special thanks to Linda
Bressler who was the refreshment mother, and Blanche
Slott for her guidance and patience.
Happy Scouting,
Isabel Balotin and Jackie Lasky
RED APPLES
Suzi Lissner, Leader
Judy Bressler, Asst. Leader
Jackie Bloom
Karen Levin
Cathy Levy
Girl Scout Troop
109
