nai
B’NAI B’RITH A. B. WEIL LODGE No. 800
President Jack Coleman
President-Elect Ted Freedman
Financial Secretary Hyman Selber
Treasurer Joe P. Safer
Chaplain Rabbi Israel L. Kaplan
Program Chairman Emanuel Ehrlich
Scholarship Fund Chairman Leonard Cohn
and Daniel Hubsch
Publicity Chairman Sam Rosenthal
and Milton Hecht
Hillel Co-Chairman Mayer Becker
Community & Veterans Affairs Chairman Ed Mass
A.D.L. Chairmen Arthur Hurwitz
and Irwin Goldberg
Membership Chairman Hyman Selber
Religious Committee Chairman Jack Becker
Sunshine Committee Chairman Martin Brauner
Once again it is our pleasure to take this oppor¬
tunity to wish one and all a year of health and peace.
We urge all men to join one of the two B’nai B’rith
Lodges to register your support of high ideals so that
we can, through the many arms of B’nai B’rith, help
fight anti-semitics and bigots thereby promoting bene¬
volence and harmony for Jew and non-Jew alike. Please
keep in mind A.D.L. works for you throughout the
world every day.
We wish to bring the community closer together
and it is our intention to have panel programs with
local persons including your Rabbi to participate in the
discussions — “We must hang together or surely we
shall hang separately.”
Once again under the inspiring leadership of Ed
Mass and the philanthropic endeavors of Dr. Louis A.
Wilensky, we were able to present plaques to the
most outstanding teachers of every public school in
the county.
J3 ritli
JACK COLEMAN
President
As usual we were asked by the Salvation Army
to be one of the local service clubs to help them man
their Christmas kettles.
On the International level, B’nai B’rith has over
half a million members in over forty countries, and is
the oldest fraternal organization having been organized
in 1843.
On the national level the Leo N. Levi Hospital in
Hot Springs, Arkansas, for arthritis and kindred
diseases; the National Jewish Hospital in Denver, Colo¬
rado, for tuberculosis and research; the Bellfair Home
in Cleveland, Ohio, for child care services; B’nai B’rith
Center Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, for social
service programs; the Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Free¬
dom Library in Washington, D.C., research center for
political science students, and the Salk Foundation for
biological studies are all sponsored by B’nai B’rith.
Come on in, the water is fine!
SAMUEL W. WOLFSON LODGE No. 2588
OFFICERS
President Edward J. Grenadier
1st Vice-President Jack Levine
2nd Vice-President Dennis Wolfson
3rd Vice-President Marshall Fox
Treasurer Stanley Gelman
Financial Secretary Robert Armel
Corresponding Secretary Alfred Freidlin
Recording Secretary Edward Witten
Warden ... Norman I. Brody
Chaplain Dr. Henry Wengrow
The Samuel W. Wolfson Lodge of B’nai B’rith would
like to wish everyone a Happy and Joyous New Year.
We invite all men to join our lodge and the activir
ties in support of the aims of B’nai B’rith, the oldest
and largest Jewish service organization in the world.
B’nai B’rith, and the Wolfson Lodge since its found¬
ing in 1966, has tried always to address itself to the
total spectrum of the Jewish community. Our activities
range from youth (BBYO and Hillel) to leading the
fight against bigotry and prejudice through the Anti-
Defamation League of B’nai B’rith. The support of
EDWARD J. GRENADIER
the State of Israel will always be a prime concern of
B’nai B’rith.
The Wolfson Lodge of B’nai B’rith, with its roots
deep in the oldest monotheistic religion in the world,
strives to keep Judaism an active part of everyday
life. The twin pressures of conformity and complacency
being the antithesis of Judaism, are Judaism’s and
thus B’nai B’rith’s adversaries in the struggle to main¬
tain a unique Jewish identity with its high moral and
ethical standards. We pledge in the coming years, to
continue to fight these evils.
189
