^^enter %»á x
eac,
uc
(<z. % X)
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice-President
2nd Vice-President
3rd Vice-President
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
. Edith Gendzier
. Ruthe Lazarus
.. Karen Mizrahi
... Sam Jacobson
Rochelle Zucker
.... Sharon Siegel
.... Chipper Loeb
First row: Sharon Siegel, Edith Gendzier, Karen Mizrahi
Back row: Alan and Debby Rauchwarger, Advisors, and Sam Jacobson
PRESIDENT’S MESSAGE
Dear USYers,
The playwrite, George Bernard Shaw, once wrote
that “The worst sin toward our fellow creatures is not
to hate them, but to be indifferent to them.” That, he
said, is the “essence of inhumanity.”
There is a lot of talk today about the new mor¬
ality, over-exposure of the human body on stage and
in movies, pornography on our newsstands, and lower¬
ing of inhibitions regarding our language. While it is
true that some four-letter words are getting very wide
usage today, there is one expression in the English
language that is more obscene than any four-letter
word I know in any language: “So what!!” that is the
really obscene phrase of the ’70s. The person who
doesn’t care for anyone or any cause but himself and
his own welfare, this is the person who is contributing
the most to the ruination of American life.
Only the person who cares, who feels for others,
who accepts his share of the burden, will help save
society. Only the one who agrees to do his share can
look himself in the eye without shame and fear.
The story is told of a jury who returned after two
days of deliberation, and was asked by the judge for
their verdict. “We decided, your honor, not to get in¬
volved.” That is the answer of the typical Ajnerican.
But Judaism teaches us involvement with the
community, caring for our brothers and our fellow hu¬
man beings. To be a Jew means to be involved, to
do something to help suffering humanity. I sincerely
pray that each of you, in 1973, will deepen your com¬
mitment to caring and feeling for those who inhabit
this planet with us. When you do, you will be con¬
tinuing an ancient and hallowed Jewish tradition, first
enunciated by the ancient sage, Hillel: “Separate not
yourself from the community.”
Mark Shorstein
Pres. - Jax., USY
’72-73
101
