O. 92 a
WOMEN’S AMERICAN O.R.T.
Organization for Rehabilitation through Training
OFFICERS 1973-74
President Mrs. Myron Dunay (Pepi)
Vice-President Mrs. Alex Rosin (Terri)
Vice-President Mrs. Frank Backilman (Karen)
Vice-President Mrs. Eliot Marcus (Carol)
Vice-President Mrs. George Glossman (Madelyn)
Treasurer Mrs. Charles LeDoyen (Joanne)
Financial Secretary Mrs. Leonard Spillert (Sue)
Recording Secretary Mrs. Nonnan Brody (Carol)
Corresponding Secretary
Mrs. Laurence Resnick (Margie)
Parliamentarian .... Mrs. Joseph Grossberg (Florence)
“Opportunity Reaching Out to Thousands”—This
slogan for the 1973 ORT Day membership drive re¬
presents the ORT effort throughout Israel and the
Diaspora to aid fellow Jews through vocational edu¬
cation and career training. Although education for a
livelihood is the basis of the ORT program, other
factors such as the rise of anti-Semitism, the alienation
of our Jewish youth from their traditions and con¬
tinuous shifts in Jewish population, give further cause
for ORT’s global existance.
Briefly the ORT program consists of:
1. Building and/or maintenance of over 700 voca¬
tional training installations, including schools in Swit¬
zerland and Israel for teacher training.
2. Training more than 70,000 students annually.
3. Providing for the medical, social, recreational
and religious needs of the students.
4. Providing basic and apprenticeship courses as
well as those on highly technical levels.
5. Assisting underdeveloped nations in setting up
vocational training centers.
O.R.T. SCHOOL
In addition to the above, ORT has plans for the
establishment of a pilot school in a Jewish poverty
area here in the United States. With the recent in¬
flation and devaluation of the dollar, the continued in¬
creasing of Israel due to waves of Soviet immigration,
and the plight of many Jews in France, Italy and
Latin America, financing the ORT program is a major
concern of the local chapter. Many fund raising events
are held throughout the year, the largest being our
annual Fall Art Auction. We have also opened a con¬
signment dress shop “Between Us” which we hope
will enable us to meet some of the needs mentioned
above.
Membership is, of course, a vital factor in any
organization, but in ORT this is particularly true. For
every two persons joining ORT another child can be
accepted in an ORT school. The meetings of our day
chapter are usually the second Monday of the month
and in addition to them and our fund raising projects,
we offer study group activities, and new involvement
in American affairs and community service. We also
have a new evening ORT chapter for those who cannot
meet during the day. This chapter usually meets the
third Thursday of each month. Won’t you join us?
195
