sonviiie
it.
CHAPTER EXECUTIVE OFFICERS:
President Mrs. Maurice W. Goldstein
Vice-President - Education Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Vice-President - Program. Mrs. Henry Cristol
Vice-President - Fund-Raising .... Mrs. Jack Schwager
Vice-President - Membership Mrs. I. Moscovitz
Vice-President - Tikva Mrs. A. J. Bloom
Vice-President - Hannah Senesch .... Mrs. Leo Meizlik
Vice-President - Shir-Li Mrs. Lanny Zimmerman
Treasurer Mrs. Abe Horovitz
Financial Secretaries Mrs. Melvin Barnert
Mrs. A1 Schneider
Recording Secretary Mrs. Joel Fleet
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Harry Glenn
The Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah is a Chap¬
ter on the Group Plan consisting of three groups.
The TIKVA Group is the largest and meets in
the daytime on the second Tuesday of the month
starting in October.
The HANNAH SENESCH Evening Group meets
the second Wednesday evening of the month starting
in September.
The new “Young Matrons” group, SHIR LI, meets
on the second Monday of the month in the evenings.
Each Group is autonomous in its administration
and activities but Chapter functions are planned in¬
volving all the Groups. The Chapter is the co-ordinat¬
ing body and is responsible for all the Groups to the
National and Regional organization.
Standard-setting has always been the hallmark of
Hadassah operations. A veritable “City of Science” —
the Hadassah-Hebrew University Medical Center is
acknowledged to be a peer of the best institutions of
its kind.
The newest “frontier” of the Medical Center com¬
prises the renovated, expanded facilities atop Mount
Scopus, where a School of Occupational Therapy and
a Youth Center are already functioning, and a General
Hospital and Rehabilitation Pavilion are nearing com¬
pletion.
In addition, Hadassah is the principal American
agency supporting the international YOUTH ALIY AH
which helps settle, maintain and educate immigrant
children, and children from disadvantaged and prob¬
lem families.
Hadassah conducts a comprehensive education
program through its HADASSAH ISRAEL EDUCA¬
TION SERVICES. It combines academic studies with
fundamental vocational training. Hadassah has estab¬
lished one of the most advanced educational concepts
— the two year Community College.
HASHACHAR, the largest Zionist Youth Move¬
ment in the United States is sponsored by the Hadas¬
sah Zionist Youth Commission. The Hashachar program
consist of the Young Judaean Clubs, College Campus
Programs, Camping Programs and Israel Programs.
Hadassah continues to meet its long and firm
commitment to the JEWISH NATIONAL FUND.
Hadassah is a non-governmental organization of
the United Nations. It is also affiliated nationally with
organizations whose goals it approves, among them:
the World Health Organization, Foreign Policy Assn,
and the American Council of Voluntary Agencies.
Newcomers to Jacksonville and non-members are
invited to join one of the groups and help carry on the
work that was started over sixty years ago and has
grown with the birth and rebuilding of Israel and
with Jewish life in the United States.
<J~iannah
enesc
It <£,
ven
ing
President Mrs. Leo Meizlik
Vice-President - Donor Miss Lottie Salzman
Vice-President - Membership Mr. George Ringold
Vice-President - Education Mrs. Harry Glenn
Vice-President - Program Mrs. Rose Gordon
Vice-President - Eund-Raising .. Mrs. Abraham Bielski
Financial Secretary (Dues) Mrs. Abraham Sinoff
Treasurer Mrs. Aaron Aronson
Recording Secretary Mrs. Mose Browdy
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Albert Bressler
Hannah Senesch, Hadassah’s evening group, a
dynamic part of the Jacksonville Chapter, brings to
the organization the experience, knowledge and finan¬
cial assistance of members unable to attend day-time
meetings because of business or other commitments.
Their stimulating cultural, educational and fund-raising
program are indicative of their sincere interest in the
further development and security of Israel. Meetings
are held the second Wednesday of each month in Mt.
Carmel Gardens Auditorium
Officers
185
