sonviue
IL
C
oynmitm
Itxf
C
oitnci
/
Mr. Sam Rosenthal
Director
President Joel L. Goldman
Vice-President Richard S. Jaffa
Vice-President Jack Becker
Vice-President Mrs. Lewis I. Meisel
Vice-President Mrs. Arnold Vandroff
Secretary Mrs. Myron Rosenberg
Treasurer Joe P. Safer
Executive Director .... Samuel J. Rosenthal
Joel Goldman
President
Honorary Presidents:
Alexander Brest, Jack Coleman, Edgar M. Felson,
Ben Friedman, Harry Gendzier, Morton Hirschberg,
Leon Irgang, George Richter, Al L. Schneider.
Beth Shalom Congregation Sidney Engelhardt
Beth Shalom Auxiliary Mrs. Jack Leibowitz
B'nai B'rith-A.B. Weil Lodge Hy Kliman
B'nai B'rith-Wolfson Lodge Edward J. Grenadier
B'nai B'rith- Women Mrs. Milton Lipkowitz
Congregation Ahavath Chesed Leonard Cohn
Mrs. Alan J. Honig
Bert Kaplan
Congregation Ahavath Chesed
Sisterhood Mrs. Irwin Goldberg
Etz Chaim Synagogue Harry Frisch
Etz Chaim Men's Club Dennis Katz
Etz Chaim Sisterhood Mrs. Daryl Weiler
Hadassah :... Mrs. Maurice Goldstein
Jacksonville Jewish Center Sheldon Gendzier
Leo Jacobson
Mrs. Morris Lipp
Jacksonville Jewish
Center Sisterhood Mrs. Stanley Kantor
Jewish Family &
Children's Services Lawrence Jaben
Jewish War Veterans Nathan Barber
National Council of
Jewish Women Mrs. Leonard Cohn
ORT Mrs. Myron S. Dunay
ORT - Men's Myron S. Dunay
Progressive Credit Union Ed Presser
River Garden Lewis Meisel
River Garden
Auxiliary Mrs. Gerald Glickstein
Zionist Organization of
America David Goodman
Members-at-Large:
Aaron Block, Mrs. Michael Donziger, Dr. Saul Eisen,
Irwin Goldberg, Arthur Hurwitz, Harry Jaffa, Dr. Mil-
ton Mann, Jack Price, Arnold Vandroff, Mrs. Joseph
Wilensky, Ed Witten
The Jewish Community Council is the social plan¬
ning, community relations and fund raising body serv¬
ing the entire Jewish community of Jacksonville and
its environs. Its representative Board of Dirctors is
composed of delegates of all the major Jewish religious,
Philanthropic, and service organizations in the area,
plus members-at-large.
The Council's Women's Division sponsors a separate
drive for the women in the community on behalf of
the United Jewish Welfare Fund.
The annual community-wide United Jewish Welfare
Fund Campaign provides funds for the support of local,
national and overseas needs, including the United
Jewish Appeal, and the Israel Emergency Fund.
Local beneficiaries receiving funds are River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged; the Jewish Family &
Children's Services. The Council is the sponsoring
agency for Mount Carmel Gardens.
The Community Calendar and its clearance service
is maintained by the Jewish Community Council to
enable all Jewish organizations in the community to
clear dates for all their events.
The Council publishes the COMMENTATORy a
newspaper published monthly. It is the official paper
of the Council and its member organizations.
The Council conducts community programs in cele¬
bration of special events and, through its Youth Divi¬
sion, promotes various programs for the Jewish youth
of all ages. The Council also sponsors two softball
teams in the City Recreation League.
The Council is a member of the Council of Jewish
Federations and Welfare Funds, the National Jewish
Community Relations Advisory Council ad the Com¬
munity Planning Council of the Jacksonville area.
173
