JU
essagfe
f*
rovn
Dear Friends:
One of the effects which the coming High Holi¬
days have on the mind of the Jew is an acute aware¬
ness of the passing of time. We look back and
comment upon how quickly the old year has sped by
and we contemplate with some concern the year
which lies ahead. In our prayers we ask to be inscribed
in the Book of Life. I pray that the New Year bring
health, happiness and peace to us and to all of
mankind.
We are brought together as a community by the
primary institution of Jewish life and affiliation. Each
of us may be drawn to the Jewish enterprise by dif¬
ferent chords which play on our life. For some it is a
fond memory of the past. For others, it is the desire to
secure a Jewish future for our children. Others are
moved by noble sentiment of community and phil¬
anthropic service and others respond to the Jewish
core within themselves, when they feel threatened by
those they see as the enemies of their people. What¬
ever the impulse, experience has shown that without
a Center, the touchstone of Jewish life which is the
synagogue, all of the activities of Jewish life are
doomed to failure. The synagogue is the source, the
rich earth which provides the nutrients with which
the roots and branches are fed; the heart which
pumps the life sustaining fluid to the necessary but
tangential limbs which make up Jewish life.
We come to the synagogue to probe our weakness
and strength, to consider the gap between what we
practice and what we profess. We come to the syna¬
gogue to quiet the turbulence of our heart; to engage
in self renewal and regeneration of our sensitivities
and values and to remain conscious of the source of
all being which we call God. We are each enriched by
our affiliation to the core of our collective life, the
synagogue, and impoverished in its neglect.
RABBI DAVID GAFFNEY
We are on the threshold of taking a bold and
decisive step in the future life of our comumnity. All
of our efforts in the very near future will be to build a
structure with which to house our Torah, to witness
our prayers and to serve as a center in which we and
our children will be guided and instructed in Jewish
life and fellowship. No doubt we will succeed in these
efforts. Whether we succeed in providing this structure
with a soul depends on an effort of a different sort.
May we succeed in nurturing the vision and
dream of Jacob; the vision of an earth joined to
heaven, of a society distinguished by the quality of
compassion and humanity, of a people true to their
selves and to God.
llalli j£)aviJ Cjaffney
11
