President’s Message
As we approach the New Year, we express our
gratitude and appreciation to the many members of
our Congregation who have so generously and willingly
cooperated and worked with the leadership of the
Center during the past year. As a result of our com¬
bined efforts, we have developed a record of which
we can all be proud.
While reviewing the past, it is fitting to recall the
history of our Center which dates back to the founding
of Congregation B’nai Israel in 1901. At the time of
its incorporation in 1903, the membership had grown
from 5 to 40 families. The first building was acquired
several years later, at a time when the membership
reached 75 families. One of the highlights of the past
year was obtaining the cornerstone and a Nabisco tin
can contained therein which included a letter from
the Building Committee of Congregation B’nai Israel,
dated September 6, 1908. We are attempting to pre¬
serve the contents of that tin can and place them in
an appropriate place in our new building.
In 1927, Congregation B’nai Israel became the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. The real history of the
Center is seen in the panorama of generations and
events over more than seventy years. In wartime and
peacetime, in depression and in prosperity, in sorrow
and in great joy, a dynamic and forth-right religious
response to the needs of the Jewish people has been
the purpose and the achievement of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Now it is our generation that is making history.
We acquired the beautiful new site in November 1963
for our new Synagogue Center Complex and after
almost ten years of planning and working we scheduled
the ground breaking ceremony for September 16, 1973.
As our dream approaches reality, there is much
still to be done. Each of us must contribute no less
than his or her earnest share so that we can build from
strength to strength. We must join together and leave
our footprints in the halls of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center for future generations to remember. Though
the task is great, the reward is far greater.
On behalf of the officers and directors, may we
extend each of you a year of good health and happiness
and together may we move closer toward the com¬
pletion of our new home.
Sincerely,
Jack F. Shorstein
President
WILBUR MARGOL
Chairman of the Board
