THE BUILDING EXPANSION FUND
The year 1947-48 brought further evidence of
the Center’s need of expanded and additional facili¬
ties. Fortunately progress was also made in bringing
the Building Expansion Fund closer to its goal.
Several years ago it became evident that the pres¬
ent structure cannot accommodate the steadily grow¬
ing number of members and the increasing enroll¬
ment in our Religious Schools. At first it was be¬
lieved that improvement and enlargement of the
present building would meet the need. As the com¬
mittee delved deeper into the project they were
convinced that a more thorough going expansion was
called for. Larger amounts and more space were
necessary. The plan has therefore been revised. It is
now proposed that the present Synagogue auditorium
he remodeled and air-conditioned, rooms be en¬
larged and remodeled to serve specific purposes on a
scale recommended by progressive school adminis¬
trators.
Even though the facts have already been stated on
previous occasions and in different form, it might
still be well to review here what the plans include.
1. Auditorium with seating capacity of 1500 for
programs, 500 for athletic exhibitions, and 450 for
dining.
2. Adequate stage for full-scale theatrical pro¬
ductions.
3. Facilities for showing of moving pictures.
4. Regulation basketball court and gymnasium.
5. Large restaurant-type kitchen.
6. Recreation facilities, i. e., handball court, exer¬
cise rooms, lockers and showers.
7. Special class rooms, junior game rooms, and
arts and crafts facilities.
8. Meeting and entertainment facilities for or¬
ganizations.
9. General lounge, ladies lounge and game rooms.
10.Rabbi’s study and administrative offices.
Additional ground was acquired adjacent to the
Center’s property along Third Street and permission
obtained from municipal authorities to re-locate the
alley now separating the main building from the pro¬
perty we now own on Silver Street. These negotia¬
tions were in the hands of the Real Estate Commit¬
tee, Ben Setzer, Chairman and Sam Fletcher, Co-
Chairman. Ground now owned by the Center will
accommodate an additional building that will house
a large auditorium for athletic and social functions.
On the High Holidays the same auditorium will pro¬
vide seating for about 1500.
The need for an improved and expanded Center
is great. Temporarily, residential buildings located
on the ground owned by the Center are used far be¬
yond their normal capacity. On Sunday morning
there is not an inch of unused space. Center leader¬
ship is vitally concerned over the inadequacy of these
facilities for our Schools and for the youth activities.
With this awareness a Victory Dinner was ten¬
dered the Congregation by the Building Expansion
Fund Committee on March 17th at the Roosevelt
Hotel Ballroom, attended by 400 of the Center’s most
loyal members. Sam Wolf son and Ben Yoffee were
Co-Chairmen, Philip Selber was Master of Cere¬
monies. Rabbi Harry Halpern of Brooklyn, New
York, gave the address of the evening. The guests
were welcomed by Joseph Hackel and Harry Gend-
zier, Chairman of the Building Expansion Fund re¬
ported on the progress made to date and urged that
the necessary funds come forward to bring the drive
to a victorious conclusion.
The verbal statements of the occasion were supple¬
mented by an attractively printed brochure with
sketches of suggested exterior and formal plans.
Ralph Mizrahi, member of the Board and of the
architect firm of Kemp, Bunch and Jackson helped
with the preparation of these studies.
The pledges made at the dinner brought the Fund
very close to its goal of $250,000.00. Payments made
on previous pledges and those reported on March 17th
total about half of this amount. It is that the balance
will come in in even more rapid pace because our
membership is becoming increasingly aware that
construction must begin soon.
“The picture of the next generation of Jackson¬
ville Jewry—what will it be?” was the challenging
title of the prospectus distributed at the dinner. The
question is still to be answered. Adequately, gener¬
ously and thoughtfully. To those who read this ac¬
count and who are conscious of their responsibility
to find an answer to the question is repeated the plea,
“Help the Center keep pace with the growth of
Jacksonville and the progress of American Judaism.”
23
