in whole or in part, were spent at recreational cen¬
ters or in visiting points of interest, such as Gold
Head State Park, Kingsley Lake, the Jacksonville
beaches, St. Augustine, the Naval Air Station and
Marineland. Time spent at the Center coordinated
Jewish studies with arts and crafts and games. The
season was divided into two three week periods. A
registration of 45 averaged 24 in daily attendance.
This year’s experience confirms the committee in its
aim to obtain an outdoor area where a more elabor¬
ate camping program may be put into effect.
The Day Camp was under the direction of Ted
Gross with Gertrude Meyerhoff as Hebrew instructor
and Morty Rosenkranz in charge of activities. Robert
Ansbacher and Dorothy Krantz served as Junior
Counsellors.
Athletic and social events were available through¬
out the year to the students of our school, with Sid¬
ney X. Cohen in charge. Basketball games, Saturday
evening socials, Sunday afternoon instruction in
various sports and in outdoor games made up the pro¬
gram.
ADULT EDUCATION
The ground work was laid last year for an Adult
Institute of Jewish Studies. Courses in basic and con-
THE MINYAN CLUB
versational Hebrew were given by Cantor Marton
and Mr. Gross to groups that met either in the morn¬
ing or at night. The program being developed for
the coming year will find a place in the words of the
Sisterhood and Men’s Club that are each taking the
initiative in sponsoring this project.
REV. B. SAFER
THE HAZAN AND READER
For the major part of the Center’s existence it has
had the good fortune to be served by Rev. B. Safer. He is
Reader of the Torah, Hazan at Shaharis Services, and
chants the Musaf for the Supplemental High Holiday ser¬
vices that are conducted along strictly traditional lines.
Rev. Safer also serves the community as the only Moliel
in the city. His assistance at various religious functions
that require knowledge of our ancient lore is invaluable.
He is also in charge of study groups in our sacred classic
literature, Talmud, Mishnah and Hagadah.
HOURS DEDICATED TO WORSHIP
The regular religious worship of the Congrega¬
tion takes place as follows:
DAILY: Traditional Minyan is held mornings at
7:30, evenings at sunset, in the Chapel.
SABBATHS: Kabalat Shabbat, Friday evenings
at sunset in the Chapel. Family Sabbath Service,
Friday nights at 8 o’clock, in the main Synagogue.
Saturday Mornings, adult service, 8:30, in the main
Synagogue. Junior Congregation, 10 o’clock in the
Chapel. Youth Service, 9:45. Minyan Club, Sun¬
days, 8:45 A. M.
FESTIVALS: Same as Sabbaths.
HIGH HOLIDAYS: All services held in the main
Synagogue; supplemental strictly traditional serv¬
ices in the Auditorium; Junior Congregation, in the
Chapel; Y. P. L. Service, in the Youth Building.
PRAYER BOOKS: The following editions of
the Prayer Books are used on the respective occa¬
sions:—“Sabbath and Festival Prayer Book”, pub¬
lished by the Rabbinical Assembly of America and
the United Synagogue; for the Reading of the Torah,
the Hertz edition of the Humsali; the “Standard
Prayer Book” at all services held in the Chapel; on
the High Holidays the Adler edition of “Services of
the Synagogue”; also the Silverman edition of the
adult and junior Prayer Books.
20
