EDUCATION
addition of a primary grade meeting in the early
afternoon and by introducing a high school class
which met in the afternoon.
Our teaching staff were again aided by the con¬
stant interest and advice of the Education Committee,
the Sisterhood, Daughters of Israel and the Men’s
Club. They aided financially and through the service
of their respective committees with the numerous
extra-curricular activities, such as Junior Congrega¬
tion, Festival celebrations, Minyan Club, arts and
crafts and social events.
BAR MITZVAH AND BAS MITZVAH
Increased interest in Hebrew education enabled
the Center Religious Education Department to raise
THE CONFIRMANOS
the standards for Bar Mitzvah and to introduce the
Bas Mitzvah ceremony for girls. The following boys
observed their induction into the congregation of
Israel during the period covered by this volume:
Myron Blattner Apri. 3,1948
Benjamin Dwoskin Mar. 13, 1948
Bernard Fraden Dec. 27, 1947
Morris Mirkis Oct. 11, 1947
Neil Presser Feb. 14, 1948
The first two girls to celebrate Bas Mitzvah at the
age of 13 in recognition of their Hebrew education
and participation in Synagogue activities were Bryna
Lee Datz and Judy Herschaft. The ceremony took
place on April 9, 1948, when the congregation was
host to the Southeastern Regional Conference of
the United Synagogue.
Special instruction was given to the Bar Mitzvah
and B as Mitzvah candidates, taking those who will
reach their 13th birthday during the 1948-49 season.
A picture of the first Bas Mitzvah group is included
in this volume.
ISAAC SILVER, ACTIVITIES DIRECTOR
CONFIRMATION
The course of study in the Sunday Religious
school culminates in the Confirmation services held
on Shovuos. This year the service was held on Sun¬
day night, June 13th, in which the following partici¬
pated: Robert Francis Ansbacher, Pearl Jewel Aron-
owitz, Marjorie Judith Atlas, Marvin Israel Baker,
Anne Lillian Cohen, Carol Pearl Dwoskin, Jack Simon
Eff, Gilbert Geller, Frieda Hochman and Paul Jerome
Witten.
Winners of the Florence May Bono Essay Award
were Jack Eff and Carol Dwoskin. The A. Z. A. prize
for the best boy and girl student respectively went to
Jack Eff and Frieda Hochman.
At the closing exercises of the Religious School
held on June 6th the Hackel Cup awarded to the
pupil distinguishing himself in both departments
went to Helene Zimmerman. The Pilton Memorial
Cup for the outstanding class was received by the 5th
Grade taught by Miss Eunice Davis. Last year’s
faculty was composed of the following: Sylvia Cherry,
Eunice Davis, Hermina Doych, Jacqueline Falis,
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL STAFF
17
