A Message
FROM OUR RABBI
The New Year 5709 dawns with a light of a new
era in Jewish history. Israel is once more an honored
name among nations; the white and blue flag waves
hospitably against the skies of world capitols.
Israel’s miraculous rebirth is particularly inter¬
woven in the religious experience of the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center fellowship. In keeping with the
Conservative outlook in Judaism we have sponsored
the Zionist ideals in our community through every
means in our command, the pulpit, the classroom,
and public service facilities. Leaders of the Center
were foremost devotees to the cause of Yishuv Eretz
Yisroel all through the years of Zionist fund-raising
efforts and public enlightenment.
This edition of the Year Book is dedicated to the
Republic of Israel, out of abiding love of Zion, and
out of the profound conviction that the soulful ties
between Zion and ourselves are only in their initial
stages of cohesion.
Life for the Jews in a world with a state of Is¬
rael differs vastly from the one in which only a
scattered Israel existed. On this premise we base
our attitude towards religious observances, our edu¬
cational objectives, our life as citizens and cultural
beings. In short, the basis for our survival in the
human family. We are. under moral obligation to
begin the New Year with resolute effort to compre¬
hend and to lend reality to this outlook.
In order to be energized by the magnetic forces
shuttling between the two poles of our existence,
Israel and American Israel, we must free ourselves
from pre-conceived notions and naive expectations.
There is room for a fresh examination of the ques¬
tion, How can Zion and Zionist Jewry promote each
other’s welfare? Because old theories persist even
after logic and history rendered them fallacious we
cannot be too alert in orienting ourselves to the
events of the hour.
We must continue to reject the identification of
Zionism with refugeeism. Just as strongly we oppose
Shelilat ha-Galut, the negation of a future for Ju¬
daism outside the boundaries of the Holy Land. In
some quarters, Jewishness is still identified as a mode
of worship. Without inspiration from the marvellous
RABBI SANDERS A. TOFIELD
revival of Jewish peoplehood as symbolized by Is¬
rael, their Israelite persuasion looks pallid.
Secularists interpretations of Judaism seem to be
returning to their battle posts. For awhile they
neglected their traditional opposition to Jewish re¬
ligion and to Hebraic culture bound up in the love
of Zion. Now one of their spokesmen raises the ques¬
tion in a recent article, “Are we to be Israel’s colony
culturally?” In all conscience we say, yes. Diaspara
Jewry—in America, particularly—look for the seeds
of faith and culture sprouting in the native soil of
Jewish genius to become fruitful in lands where
Jews cultivated patriotic loyalty.
The vision of traditional Judaism in America is
becoming more sharply focused in the light of current
history. Energies spent on saving the remnant of
our people now have to be applied towards keeping
ourselves wide awake to the spiritual renacens. From
our own institutions, our own religious fellowships,
our own knowledge and practice of Israel’s tradition
will come the ability to drink of the “living waters”
flowing from the rocks of normal Jewish life in Is¬
rael.
Zion without the love of her children is a deso¬
late metropolis. World Jewries without a Zion in her
full splendor are motherless waifs. Happiness will
prevail in the House of Israel when each plays the
rightful role.
God help us attain a large measure of this happi¬
ness in the coming year.
Rabbi Sanders A. Tofield
5
