RELIGIOUS
TED GROSS, EDUCATIONAL DIRECTOR
How the Center’s religious education program
measures up with others of its size and geographic
location can best be summarized in the concluding
paragraph of a written report rendered by an ex¬
pert. Dr. Azriel Eisenberg, Director of the Philadel¬
phia Council on Jewish Education and prominent
educator, visited and inspected our schools on a four
day visit, April 15th to 18th. At the end of his ob¬
servations and recommendations addressed to Rabbi
Tofield he states as follows: “On the whole, I was
greatly encouraged by what I saw. You have a fine
group of children who are imbued with a positive
attitude and good self-discipline. You have a good
principal, who is devoted and capable. You have a
professional staff in the person of your principal,
your cantor, as well as yourself. You have a fine
foundation in your kindergarten and nursery school.
You have two buses which bring the children to your
school, and you have a building fund, which augurs
very well for the future of the Center. Mr. Selber,
Chairman of the School Committee, is not only de¬
voted and zealous, but also intellectually and Jewishly
well prepared for his important task in the communi-
THE BAR MITZVAH GROUP
ty. You have a fine group of organizations and board
members, who are ambitious for the Center and the
school. You have unusual opportunities to make the
Jacksonville Jewish Center one of the outstanding
schools in the country. You are already well on the
road toward achieving this goal.” All those who are
responsible for the religious education of the Cen¬
ter’s children felt gratified that their outlook was con¬
firmed by a distinguished authority. They were en¬
couraged to further many undertakings already in
progress and to advance into new fields. Before the
school year closed negotiations were entered into for
an additional full time Hebrew School teacher who
would also direct youth activities. Mr. Isaac Silver of
Winnipeg, Canada, was engaged to fill this post.
THE BAS MITZVAH GROUP
Mr. Silver is a graduate of the Beth Hamidrash
Lamorim, teacher’s institute of the Rabbi Isaac Elch-
anan Yeshivah. He received his degree in 1945 with
high honors and was graduated in the same manner
with a B. A. degree from the University of Manitoba.
In addition to class room experience in New York
and in his native city, he has also taken leading part
in publishing the Hebrew language student maga¬
zine of his school and in Hebrew cultural societies of
Canada.
The Center’s Religious Education Departments
are supervised by Rabbi Tofield and are directed by
the principal, Ted Gross. Cantor Abraham Marton
teaches two grades and conducts special classes.
The progress in this department is further illus¬
trated by enrollment figures. 60 pupils attended
Nursery Kindergarten; 137 the Hebrew School—a
40% increase over the previous year; 298 the Sunday
Religious School—a 25% increase. The 40% in¬
crease in the Hebrew School is accounted for by the
16
