Marie Flauman, Sylvia Flauman, Rae Freedman, Ger¬
trude Friedlin, Eileen Grossman, Harry Koenigsberg,
Harry Kolitz, Lillian Levy, Isadore Moscovitz, Mrs.
M. J. Reiser, Mrs. Louis Safer, Philip Selber and
Ruth Spiwak. Substitutes on various occasions were:
Jacob Becker, Mrs. Harry Falis, Dave Freedman,
Sonya Heyman, Mrs. Irene Lippman and Louis R.
Moss.
An innovation last year was the Consecration
ceremony held for first graders in the Hebrew School
and the Kindergarten class of the Sunday Religious
School, during the Shemini Atzert evening services.
The children recited prayers and received tokens and
certificates as momentoes of the occasion. The pur¬
pose of this ceremony is to instill in the minds of
children a respect and love for the great task ahead
of them and to impress parents with the importance
of beginning Jewish education at an early age.
YOUTH SERVICES
Every Saturday morning the students of our
schools attend either Junior Congregation of the
Youth Service that worship for the Musaf in the
THE HEBREW SCHOOL PRIMARY DEPARTMENT
adult Synagogue. Unit leaders within the classes
check attendance for the purpose of tabulating hon¬
or roll standing. Members of the Confirmation Class
also met with the Rabbi following the services for
a discussion course.
During the past year the Men’s Club assumed
more responsibility towards the Minyan Club Serv¬
ice and the breakfast in cooperation with the Sister¬
hood, furnished transportation for the 45 boys who
reported at 8:45 Sunday morning. Bas Mitzvah can¬
didates assisted as hostesses. A Father and Son break¬
fast during Hanukah was a high gratifying exper¬
ience for all who participated. Cantor Marton was
in charge of these services and Jack Eff was presi¬
dent of the group.
NURSERY-KINDERGARTEN
Children ages 3 to 6 made up our Nursery-Kin¬
dergarten School that met Monday through Friday
mornings with Mrs. M. J. Reiser and Mrs. Carl Hackel
THE KINDERGARTEN DANCE CLASS
in charge, assisted by Miss Rita Drucker. In addi¬
tion to the skills and activities usually offered in pre
school education, our school cultivates Jewish loyal¬
ties of the children. Songs, games and hand work
often center on the observances of Holidays and other
Jewish rituals, as well as Eretz Israel atmosphere.
Several times a year the mothers cooperate with the
teachers in preparing luncheons on special occasions.
Every Friday the mid morning snack is served in
Sabbath meal form. Graduated into the grade school
rank were the following: Joyce Avchin, Judy Bern¬
stein, Ada Hinda Block, Stephen Breman, Samuel
Chepenik, Darryl Edwards, Nadine Fagan, Claire
Lynn Fleet, Frances Goldstein, Stephen Hackel, Edna
Landis, Shirley Levin, Marcia Leibovitz, Faga Mer¬
lin, Mathis Samuelson, Michael Schwartz, Sandra
Setzer, Irene Slott, Barbara Stillman and Iris Taxier.
DAY CAMP
Another season of the Day Camp program proved
its importance in rounding out the objectives to which
our religious education efforts are dedicated. More
emphasis was placed on recreation and leisure time
activities, but Hebrew studies in informal style was
prominent among them. Three days out of the five,
A SECTION OF THE HEBREW SCHOOL
19
