THE CANTOR
CANTOR ABRAHAM MARTON
Reverend Abraham Marton assumed his office at the
Center with the High Holidays of 1946. In the year of
service that he is rounding out he has earned the applause
of Center worshippers for melodious rendition and modern
interpretation of the traditional liturgy. He is assisted by
a Choir of men and women whom he has trained to
professional standards.
The musical work of the religious school is under his
direction. Among his planned projects are a junior choral
group and a class in Hazanut for leaders of children’s and
youth services.
He is a member of the Hebrew School staff, offering
courses in the daily school, training Bar Mitzvah candi¬
dates, and directing the Sunday morning service of the
Minyan Club. In this sphere he has shown as much pro¬
ficiency as in the musical phases. He has been called upon
for musical programs by various synagogue and communal
organizations, to the delight of the respective audiences.
MUSIC AT THE CENTER
Jewish musical activities at the Jacksonville Jew¬
ish Center, consisting of the Jewish Choral Society,
the High Holy Day special choir and the regular
Sabbath and Holiday choir reached the heighth of
their development under the direction of Cantor
Abraham Marton.
The highlight of the activities of the Jewish Choral
Society, a mixed group of 37 voices, was the concert
of Hebrew and English liturgical and secular music
given Sunday evening, May 2, 1948, at the Morocco
Temple under the auspices of the Ladies Hebrew
Sheltering Aid Society. The varied program of litur¬
gical compositions, folk songs and general music
presented at the time was well received by an en¬
thusiastic audience. In addition to the May concert,
the group performed on a number of other occasions
in presenting a maximum number of public renditions
of Jewish music. Leo Moskowitz is president of the
group.
From the ranks of the Choral Society were drawn
the members of the High Holy Day Choir, whose as¬
sistance contributed in large measure to making the
liturgical portions of the High Holy Day services
more inspiring and devotional. The third important
arm of the Center musical program is the year-round
mixed choir which participates in Friday evening
and special holiday services.
Cantor Abraham Marton’s devotion to the cause
of providing richer and more beautiful music to
the community has resulted in the development of
these varied activities to their present appreciated
position of importance. Much credit is also due to
the individuals who have given so generously of
their time in making these groups the fine musical
organizations that they are.
THE CHORAL SOCIETY
10
