|j—Celebrating Over a Century of Minyan-4
Rabbi Hal afta ben Dos a of Kefar Hananiah
said: When ten people sit together and occupy
themselves with Torah, the Presence abides among
them, as is said, “God abideth in the congregation of
God” (Ps. 82:1).
participate in those activities. The word minyan has
also come to describe the actual meeting for services,
and to some the service itself. There are parts of the
service that cannot be recited without the required
quorum, which is why so much time and effort has
gone into guaranteeing that ten individuals would be
in attendance.
Congregation B’Nai Israel became the
Jacksonvi I le Jewish Center in 1927. Our congregation
is proud to have one of the oldest continuous daily
minyan services in the southeastern United States.
This has occurred through the dedication of our
members; the pride they have taken to meet on
a daily basis to communicate with God, and the
concern they have had for their fellow congregant
to ensure that they have had a minyan on the days
they have needed one for a celebration or in a time of
mourning.
Additionally, the minyan has succeeded because
of the countless individuals who have served as
leaders and captains - inviting people to join them
for minyan and reaching out to individuals when
there was a need for the tenth participant.
When the synagogue was located on 3rd &
Silver Streets in the Springfield area, where much
of the Jewish community lived, you might find Mr.
Nathans or Mr. Smith going from door to door to
recruit participants.
Many will remember getting a call from Esther
Fishier, our synagogue office administrator, to attend
a daily minyan. She never took no for an answer.
When Esther called, you went. She organized so
many minyanim that it is no surprise that her yahrzeit
falls on Yom Kippur, the largest minyan of the year.
The entire community was involved. Harry
Shmunes, a lifelong resident of Jacksonville, recalls
At the end of the 19th century, five Jacksonville
families came together on a daily basis, meeting in
each other’s homes to participate in the morning
afternoon and evening services. By 1901, the minyan
had grown to over forty people who were committed
to God and their new, growing community. They
legally incorporated into the orthodox congregation
B’Nai Israel, and listed as the first point in their
charter: “is to hold and conduct religious services
according to the Hebrew form of worship.’’ Their
primary goal was to have a home for their minyan.
A minyan refers to the quorum of ten Jewish
adults required for certain religious obligations.
This includes prayer services, but also includes
reading from the Torah, reciting Sheva Brachot
after a wedding, and Birchat Hamazon (Grace After
Meals). Not having a minyan changes the way we
4
