A Message from the Hazzan - <
AN UNEXPECTED SURPRISE GIFT
I love summer comedies and dramas on television- namely, the entire
USA and TNT lineup. If there’s one show I really enjoy, it’s So You Think You
Can Dance on ABC. These are real dancers, real talent who dance captivating
moments of artistry. The choreography has a magic connection with the music;
the dancer’s moves bring life to the lyrics of each song. Many times I watch and
go, “wow.”
As cantor, I’m lucky to work in a profession where I can have such “wow”
moments. Sometimes these moments are choreographed, at threshold moments
in our lives. More often than not, the “wow” is an unexpected surprise gift.
It can be families singing along to their child leading services on the day
they become Bar or Bat Mitzvah. It can be glancing out to see hundreds of
congregants dancing joyfully through the Hora. This past year, I was wowed
by certain “choreographed” moments on our calendar. Unveiling our first ever
Purim Shpiel highlighted diamond in the rough talents within our community
and brought some 400 people to their feet. Our Food Stamp challenge heightened
our community’s awareness of hunger in Jacksonville and inspired a synagogue challenge for this year. Our
revamped JJC Chorale Society brought in new music and new singers to share new musical notes with our
congregation.
There are times when choreographed events can create unexpected moments as well. For those who joined
us for our hopefully semi-annual Shabbat at Sea were privy to an amazing Shabbat service looking out at the
Atlantic Ocean and Havdalah looking out at the deep red sunset in the far distance. With all these wonderful
events, what can we look forward to for this year? How can we choreograph experiences to have those “wow”
moments?
Our JJC Chorale and Music Department continues to expand. Our Adult Education department offers
an opportunity to become more engaged and involved in our services and find comfort and meaning in our
tradition. On the programming front, our Shpiel for this upcoming Purim will promise to be out of this world
fun. Purim evening we’ll have our Masquerade Ball for Adults- relive those times on the dance floor at your
Bar/Bat Mitzvah and wedding! In January, The Jacksonville Jewish Center will host its first ever A Cappella
Shabbat, as we bring in a top Jewish A cappella group to teach, sing eat and pray with us.
For me, these can be “wow” moments reminding me of the greatness of working within such a community.
I know you will be wowed as well, for you are the artists that can help us paint a masterpiece in the upcoming
year. Leora and I wish everyone at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center a year of joy, health and “wow.”
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Shana Tovah,
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
