¡H A Message from the Executive Director HI
TO SUM UP
How do you “sum-up” a synagogue activity year which has been so filled
with exciting and uplifting events and programs?
Can you adequately describe the spiritual and academic growth in the
course of one year of our children that attend the Galinsky Academy comprised
of the DuBow Preschool, the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School, the
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and Makom Hebrew High?
Is it possible to assess the impact on Jewish identity of our Family Services,
Gan Shabbat, twice daily services, regular Shabbat and Festival services, in
which hundreds of our people participate in each week?
Can we properly evaluate the efforts of our Hesed and Social Action
Committees which have helped in so many ways?
How do you summarize a year in which we celebrated weddings, Bar and
Bar Mitzvah’s, births, circumcisions, graduations, birthday’s and anniversaries
together and, on the other hand, a year in which we were partners in the agony
of illness and death?
What are the strengths of chavurot which have been meeting month after month and just how much
have the intellectual horizons of our membership been enlarged by virtue of the multitude of adult Jewish
education classes we conduct each week?
How has this synagogue fulfilled its responsibility to the wider community in political life, in interfaith
relationships, in the struggle for a healthier, more vibrant community?
Who could have estimated the value of two congregations coming together to integrate for the greater
good of our combined communities? Who could have imagined the pain that was felt as the former Center
building at Third and Silver burned to the ground?
Does that take your breath away? Does it make you feel that your membership in the Jacksonville
Jewish Center has far greater consequences than suggested by the frequency with which any family
member takes advantage of, or participates in, synagogue activities?
We will continue to move forward, meeting our members needs diligently. We will continue to be a
responsive synagogue. We will continue to examine the traditions of our past and embrace the future.
Let me be real, in a world of quick fixes and superficial solutions we’re almost taken back when a
different path is offered — one that takes time, invites us to participate in an honest assessment of where
we are, calls for deep commitment and creative visioning. I am filled with hope for our continued growth
into the future. Synagogue development is not a single action with a static beginning and ending point.
Rather, it is a process that shapes the life of the synagogue over the long term.
Donald A. Kriss
Executive Director
15
