IY-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
A HUNDRED YEARS OF MINYAN: WHEN HIDDEN TREASURE IS IN PLAIN VIEW
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
“But as for me, let my prayer come before You, O Lord, at a favorable time” (Psalm 69:14).
When is a “favorable time ”? Whenever the community gathers for prayer
-Babylonian Talmud, Berakhot 8a
There is an old story in which two Jews argue late into the night about the existence of
God. Despite the best efforts of the first to prove God’s presence in the world, the other refuses
to be swayed from his atheism. The next day, however, the believer observes his friend walking
into the synagogue for morning services. “I thought you insisted there was no God,” he says.
Replies the other, “What does that have to do with anything?”
What makes this joke humorous is the kernel of truth it contains. Of course, Jews come
to shul to talk to God, yet they also come to experience a sense of community and connection
which is a religious experience in its own right. If communication with the Holy One were the
sole purpose of prayer, why would Judaism insist on the superiority of communal worship over
private devotion?
Minyan is a kind of pas de deux between the individual and the collective. There are
parts of the liturgy we can chant only in the presence of quorum, and parts designed for quiet
recitation by each person. As a community we pray for those who are sick, remember the yahrzeits of those no longer living,
and provide an opportunity for worshippers who have escaped danger to offer a blessing of thanksgiving. There is something
paradoxical about Jewish prayer: to embrace the joys, sorrows and needs of the individual requires the presence of a minyanl
Rebbe Nachman of Bratzlav (1772-1810), one of the greatest Hasidic storytellers of all time, once told a tale of a man who
traveled to a distant city in pursuit of a great treasure ... only to learn that it was hidden in plain view within his own home. Time
and again, I hear members of the congregation express their yearning to belong, to count, to feel like they matter ... if only there
were some place in our community in which a diverse group of Jews of all ages and backgrounds could gather - not because of
shared interests, but because of a shared longing for a sense of significance, the desire to be part of something far larger than a
demographic niche.
That opportunity has been hiding in plain view at the Jacksonville Jewish Center for more than a century: it happens twice
daily, 365 days a year. The precious character of this resource becomes even more apparent with a glance at a map of the
southeastern United States. To find another Conservative synagogue that offers morning and evening minyan each day of the year
would require a person to travel to Palm Beach County to the south, Houston to the west, and Atlanta or Charlotte to the north!
Those who attend minyan do not fit a pre-fabricated profile: they are women and men, Jews-by-birth, by choice, or supportive
non-Jewish spouses who are also part of our community. They are gay and straight, knowledgeable about Jewish practice or
unable to read Hebrew. They are 20-something, 80-something, and every age in between. Unlike other synagogue arms that
assume a common denominator as a pre-requisite for participation, the minyan experience is a pure celebration of the linkage
between Jewish self and community.
The cover of this year’s Yearbook honors over a century of minyan at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, and salutes the incredibly
vital contributions of generations of synagogue members, both past and present, in enabling our daily minyan to flourish. The
challenge we face now is how to inculcate in a new generation of minyannaires the incredible value and sense of community that
comes with but a small commitment of time once a week, or even once a month.
My teacher and colleague, Rabbi Reuven Hammer once said, “Religion is about what we do with our togetherness, not
our aloneness.” Or as the Torah puts it, “For I am sanctified in the midst of the Israelite people” (Leviticus 22:32). The Jewish
experience of God comes through being together with others; to hear their voices and join them, rather than to offer our words
to God in isolation. To realize that your presence on a Tuesday evening or Sunday morning has enabled a grieving parent to say
Kaddish on his child’s yahrzeit, or to know that by making the minyan you’ve made
it possible for us to read Torah on a Thursday morning is empowered Judaism at
its best. It reminds us that we count, literally and figuratively, and underscores
that life isn’t about what we get out of God, but what God gets out of us. On
any given day, there are as many reasons for being at minyan as people present,
but all of them transcend the word “I”, all of them point toward the fellowship of
community. And when they are present, I know that God is as well.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing you a New Year of
sweetness, health and blessing. May we all be inscribed and sealed for meaningful
life in the year 5773.
,iDnnm nnan nmo rut?
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
9
