A Message from Rabbi Olitzky
MAKING A HOUSE A HOME
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
Jews make a big deal about the buildings that we pray in... or rather, the buildings that
we do not pray in. After all, the old joke goes:
A man is rescued after many years on a desert island. As he stands on the deck of the
rescuing vessel, the captain says to him, “I thought you were stranded alone. How come
I can see three huts on the beach?” “Well, ” replies the castaway, “that one there is my
house and that one there is my shut. ” “And the third one?” asks the skipper. ”Oh, thats
the shul I DON'T go to. ”
We identify as Jews with Jewish communal institutions. We here at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center are proud of the institution that we call home. We have spent a great deal
of time, energy, and money to take care of our building, from constant roof repairs to the
brand new renovations of the newly named DuBow Preschool. After all, when my family
and I first came to Jacksonville over a year ago, we were mesmerized by the amazing
facilities that make up the Jacksonville Jewish Center: over 35 acres, including sports
fields, playgrounds, and an outdoor swimming pool, as well as a wing for our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and Bernard
and Alice Selevan Religious School, a full separate wing for our DuBow Preschool, a large sanctuary, chapel, gymnasium,
multi-purpose rooms, and a social hall. This building represents the long and storied history of the Jacksonville Jewish
community and shows the future potential of the Center.
We at the Jacksonville Jewish Center and at the educational arms of the Galinsky Academy pride ourselves on 21st
century technology. In this age of Facebook and Twitter, when phones are used more for text messaging and emails, then
for making actual calls, it is no surprise that one can sign online and go to services in cyberspace. Yet, we come together
in the first world -- in physical space - and create literal community. This physical space has many names to many people.
Some of us call it temple, reminiscent of the Holy Temple that once stood in Jerusalem. Others use the Yiddish word shul,
meaning school or place of learning. Some call it synagogue, coming from the Greek. We just simply call it the Center,
representing the central role that the Jacksonville Jewish Center plays in our lives.
The Hebrew word for synagogue is not Beit Tefillah, a House of Prayer or Worship, as most synagogues are defined.
We pray here and strive to have meaningful prayer experiences here, but we do so much more than pray. Some use the term
Beit Midrash, but a Beit Midrash is literally a House of Study. True, we teach our children here, both formally through our
Preschool, Religious School, and Day School, and informally through our Chalutzim, Kadima, and USY youth programs
and our Camp Ki Tov, and we have plenty of adult education as well, but this place is so much more than simply a House
of Study. The Hebrew term for synagogue is a Beit Knesset, literally, a House of Assembly, a house in which we enter, in
which we come together, to create meaningful experiences. A house is simply a building, a structure in which we reside
and spend our time. However, when we assemble together, through social programming, ritual, prayer, learning, and
memorable experiences, that house becomes a home.
A home is not about a physical space. Even though we are grateful for the space that we call home, a home is created
because of what goes on inside that space. The late Lubavitcher Rebbe taught that “a container was defined by its contents.
A pitcher of water isn’t a pitcher... a pitcher of water is water. A crate of apples isn’t a crate, it is apples.” A house, and
a house of worship, is also defined by what is inside it: us! We make this
house our home! A home is a place where everyone knows your name,
where you feel so comfortable that you dress casually, where you hang out
when you have nothing special to do. Welcome home to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center! I look forward to welcoming so many new and familiar
faces into this home in the year ahead.
Andrea and Cayla join me in wishing the entire Jacksonville Jewish
Center community a Happy, Healthy, and Sweet New Year.
Shana Tovah,
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
11
