¡jfa—A Message from the Ritual Director —4|
DAILY MINYAN
Scott Zimmerman
Ritual Director
Perhaps the one activity at the Jacksonville Jewish Center that never takes a vacation is
the Daily Minyan. Twice daily we gather in the Witten Chapel to maintain the centuries old
tradition of public worship. More often than not, the core group is joined by those who, in
grief, come to praise God by means of the Mourners’ Kaddish. Just by showing up to make
certain there are 10 people to recite Kaddish, friendships have blossomed, partnerships have
been created and best of all, those in need of comfort find it and get it. It’s a feel good win-win
all the way around.
Becoming a Minyanaire may possibly be one of the easiest and least painful ways to
perform a random act of kindness. I guess the real secret is that it starts with the commitment
of a mutual purpose which is shared by passionate people who not only talk the talk, but walk
the walk. That purpose is the glue which brings people together to guarantee Kaddish will be
recited twice a day for those in need.
Abraham Joshua Heschel wrote, “We pray with the whole community, and every one of us
by himself.” Prayer can be joyful, uplifting, fulfilling, challenging, frustrating, and confusing.
We want to feel - to be moved by prayer. Yet, we are not meant, merely, to pray alone. We count
on others to support us in our quest for connection - with ourselves, with others and with God.
What a perfect way to start the day-prayer, contemplation and social interaction! According to Jewish tradition, it is forbidden
to live in a town that does not have a doctor or a daily prayer quorum. This emphasis teaches us the sanctity of our physical and
our spiritual well-being. The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that its egalitarian minyan meets every day, 365 days a year. The
people who comprise our minyan range from those observing yahrzeit or the year of mourning for a parent, to those “regulars”
who carve time from their daily routine to commune with God and other members of our community.
Meet with a warm, friendly group for daily prayers. We welcome you - regardless of your familiarity with Hebrew, the
service, or laying t’fillin. It was new at some point for each of us.
Having a birthday, remembering a loved one who has passed away, worried about someone who is sick? This is the place to
come for a blessing or a special prayer - and others to celebrate or pray along with you.
Every day of the week, members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center community depend on the morning and evening services
in order to say Kaddish for loved ones. Without a minyan they are unable to fulfill this obligation. YOU can join in the mitzvah
by helping form the minyan and participating in the morning or evening service. You just need to show up.
We read from the Torah on Monday and Thursdays. Everyone who attends has the opportunity to participate and receive
an honor. Every Monday morning Rabbi Lubliner holds a Minyan Mapquest learning session teaching us the ins and outs of the
siddur and making the service even more meaningful with this additional information.
These services are essential to our Jacksonville Jewish Center community. Come one day, one day a week or every day.
Make it a part of your weekly routine. As they say, “come for a visit.. .stay for a lifetime”.
Morning Minyan is a special time and place at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Meeting in the synagogue’s chapel every day,
it brings together all segments of our diverse community to bring comfort to mourners and celebrate s ’machot.
At both our morning and evening minyan services, in the spirit of support for those who have suffered the loss of loved ones,
we recall the names of those whose yahrzeits are being observed and offer mourners and those observing yahrzeits the opportunity
to recite the Mourner’s Kaddish.
Our minyan is conducted in a friendly atmosphere that makes everyone, from the highly experienced to the beginner, feel
comfortable. These daily prayer services offer a valuable respite from the worries and pressures of the world. It also can provide
time for self-reflection. Even if you have never worn a tallit or tefillin, or you are unfamiliar with the prayers, we will help you
feel at ease. Give yourself a gift and join us. It is time well spent.
Want to feel better about your life and more optimistic in general? Attend a daily minyan at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Research conducted at UC Davis and reported in the Washington Post found that “people who consciously remind themselves
every day of the things they are grateful for” had better mental and physical health, exercised more and slept better. Grateful
people were also “nicer to others and more willing to help people... ”
A true community resource, our Jacksonville Jewish Center has the only consistent minyan in Northeast Florida. For the past
110 years we have been part of an ancient tradition, daily prayer. We need your help to keep this tradition alive at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
A heart-felt thank you goes out to all of our regular Minyanaire’s for their dedication and kindness. WON’T YOU PLEASE
JOIN THEM?
Shana Tovah - Have a healthy and happy new year!
Aron, Suzy and Scott Zimmerman
17
