SIMCHAT TORAH HONOREES
Michael Schneider is a Jacksonville native. He and his lovely wife, Barbara, have
three girls - Lisa Schneider, Stefanie Epstein and Ivy Weinstein who is married to Josh
Weingram. They are the proud grandparents of a wonderful grandson, Nathan Weingram.
Michael, a local Board Certified Tax Attorney, is a life-long member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. Over the years, he has been very active having served on our Board of
Directors, as Chairman of the Cemetery and Investment Committees, a Daily Minyan
Captain, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Committee, and provided counsel during the Beth
Shalom Congregation and Jacksonville Jewish Center integration process. He is also very
active in the Jewish and Jacksonville community at-large. One of his proudest moments
was presenting daughter, Lisa, with her New York University Law School Diploma at Madison Square Garden.
Lois Tompkins was bom and raised in Newburgh, New York. She is a graduate of St.
Lawrence University with an undergraduate degree in English and certification as a
secondary English teacher. Lois continued on with graduate courses in Special Education.
In 1982, she moved to Jacksonville where she met her wonderful husband, Bob. They are
the parents of two sons - Ben (25) and Alec (21). Lois is the principal of our Bernard &
Alice Selevan Religious School. Whenever a child stands on the bima and confidently
chants a portion of the service; a teenager shares with her they want to pursue a career
in Jewish Education; or a young parent brings a new child to our Religious School, Lois’
heart swells with pride. She has set up many volunteer activities through the Religious
School and enjoys not only helping others, but teaching children how they can help others at the same time. Lois
also loved being a mitzvah clown and training new clowns; both adults and middle school age teens.
L Daniel Wohl was bom in the Mount Airy section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and moved
to Cheltenham Township in 1969. Summers were spent at Camp Ramah in the Poconos,
; Pennsylvania. Dan is a Pediatric Otolaryngologist (Ear, Nose & Throat) and is very active
in the medical community currently serving as president of the Greater Jacksonville ENT
| Society and as Regional Governor for the American Academy of Otolaryngology - Head
and Neck Surgery Board of Governors. He is also very active at the Jacksonville Jewish
! Center having served as the Men’s Club President for several years and is currently serving
_ as Vice President of the Florida Region of the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs. Dan
is also a member of the Center’s band Kol Train playing the alto and tenor recorders. In
1983, Dan married Cindy Kritz who was lead vocalist in a band and became “lead singer” in his life. They are the
proud and supportive parents of two talented and bright sons - Michael (22) and Mitchell (19). Both boys were
confirmed at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
