P— Committees & Organizations —4
HESED COMMUNITY 5773
The Hesed committee’s mission is to offer help and comfort to our Center members and families during
challenging times. Hesed Committee members help Center members who are ill or homebound, or who have lost
a loved one, by sending get-well cards and condolence cards, making phone calls, making visits or sending home-
cooked meals. Transportation is provided on occasion, as well.
Our newest initiative is the Care and Comfort Box. This is a package of assorted items that is delivered in person
to a newly bereaved congregant, within the first month or two of his or her loss. Our committee has enthusiastically
embraced this project, suggested to us by Andrea Olitzsky. In addition, the committee continues to support the
delivery of meals to parents of newborns. Many thanks to our hardworking members.
CHAIR -
Committee Members
Beth Shorstein STAFF LIAISON
- Lois Tompkins
Judy Arroyo
Andrea Hernandez
Rachel Morgenthal
Jennifer DeBardeleben
Dena Heyman
Robin Morris
Bob Bossen
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Andrea Olitzky
Naomie Bossen
Edith Horovitz
Penny Powell
Debbie Charpiat
Marcia Howard
Andy Raitt
Charles Davis
Marcelle Karstaedt
Robin Rand
Sandy Driben
Sylvia Lubliner
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Larry Mendlow
Karen Southall
Rhoda Goldstein
Jack Mizrahi
Sheree Spriggs
JJC GREENTEAM
CHAIR - Claudia Margolis STAFF LIAISON - Lori Schoettler
What a great year the GreenTeam had. We helped build a garden, we experimented with serving organic foods
at Kiddush, we had the RiverKeeper come speak on Shabbat, we enjoyed a RiverKeeper Cruise, and we’re helping
the Center recycle even more than ever before.
This adventure certainly is an exciting one that touches everyone at the Center, but being “green” isn’t really
something new for us as Jews. As Rabbi Lubliner has said: “the principles of GreenFaith.org are an integral part
of Judaism.” It’s so easy to do little things on our own, such as recycling, being water and waste conscious, or
purchasing locally grown foods, but when we do them as a congregation we are able to make an even greater impact.
So, yes we have come far in our quest to become more “green”, but there will always be new things to learn,
fun ways to become more “eco-friendly”, new technologies that will be “greener and cleaner”. We hope that
you will enjoy the journey as much as we are. If you are interested in joining the GreenTeam, please email us at
jjcgreenteam201 l@gmail.com.
GreenFaith
Certification Program
35
