Committees & Organizations
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
During the year 5772, the Religious Life Community, under the inspirational leadership and support of
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, has worked to shape and guide the religious tone of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
and has to help promote the clergy’s innovative changes and additions. The complete transliteration of the
Siddur, published as Sh’ma Koleinu, is another example of the clergy’s and Religious Life Community’s
attention to the needs of the Center community.
This past year’s focus has been to address the need for Keruv, or inclusion, policies for the Center, with
the help of the Keruv subcommittee, chaired by Nancy Davis. In addition, the Religious Life Community
has been asked to support the positive changes being implemented in the Bar and Bat Mitzvah program.
Many thanks to our enthusiastic clergy and to the involved members of the Religious Life Community
who have given of their time, insights, and wisdom to benefit the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Community Members
CHAIRPERSON - Beth Shorstein
STAFF LIAISON
- Rabbi Lubliner
Joette Anderson
Sheldon Gendzier
Mitch Levine
Michael Schneider
Philip Bloom
Larry Goldberg
Len Lipkin
Mark Shorstein
Bob Bossen
Phyllis Goldberg
Lenny Magid
Harry Shmunes
Nancy Davis
Ira Grann
Lenny Maiman
Karen Southall
Moti Demri
Michael Greenburg
Kim Miller
Howie Wolpoff
Michael DuBow
Joe Honigman
Steven Mizrahi
Aron Zimmerman
Yakov Feig
Wendy Honigman
Marco Rand
Etta Fialkow
Bruce Horovitz
Avi Rubin
HOUSE COMMITTEE
The House Committee is responsible for the regular maintenance and upkeep of the Center’s building
and grounds, preparation and presentation of estimates for major repairs and improvements to the Finance
Committee and Board of Directors, preparation and enforcement of rules and regulations for the use of the
Congregation’s physical facilities and helps assure that the Congregation meets all local and state regulations.
Over the last year there have been several significant projects. Among them are:
• Partial roof and water proofing renovations to the Sanctuary, Witten Chapel, Spevak Administrative
Wing, Fletcher Selber Auditorium, and Courtyard. The next phases will include the Bernard and Alice
Selevan Religious School, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and the DuBow Preschool.
• Renovations to the administrative offices, hallways, and several class room spaces in the Martin
J. Gottlieb Day School.
• Redesign and refurbishing of the DuBow Preschool public and classroom spaces.
• Updating of the Yegelwel Family pool locker rooms. Additionally, the filtration system has been
brought to standard.
• The grounds have been contracted out to a new landscaper.
• A new walk in freezer has been installed in the Sisterhood Kitchen.
• Several ADA upgrades for accessibility.
CHAIRPERSON
Allan Andrew
Marla Lewis
Claudia Margolis
Committee Members
Howard Wolpoff STAFF LIAISON - Don Kriss
Kimberly Miller Michael Setzer
Steven Mizrahi
Ben Setzer
Heather Thurston
Dana Zaifert
31
