v- Communities & Organizations
CENTER MEN’S CLUB - 5773
Harry Peltz
Center Men’s Club President
“Involving Jewish
Men in Jewish Life”
It is my honor to serve
as the President of the
JJC Men’s Club. My
family has been a member
of the Jacksonville
Jewish community for
one hundred years! The
Jacksonville Jewish
Center Men’s Club is an
organization dedicated to
the enrichment of Center
life and the Jacksonville
Jewish community. The
Men’s Club provides an opportunity for our Center men
to work together supporting, sponsoring, and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving
Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international organization
dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center
participation have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and
Honorable Mention Torch Awards from FJMC in years past,
and our Yad Shel Chai program is now being implemented in
Men’s Clubs across the nation. We participate in a wide range
of FJMC programs and activities such as distributing Yellow
Holocaust Memorial candles so that every congregant can
honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and
World Wide Wrap which brings together congregants, clergy
and Center youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the
mitzvah of wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life)
and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize our youth
for reading Torah in our synagogue services and building on
the success of the Yad Shel Chai program. The Men’s Club
Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to
one Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life
commitment necessary to bring a quality learning experience
to Jewish children. We provide a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th
graders that complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and
raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend
Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who
otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well as
our regional Jewish community. Our members regularly get
together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball, touch
football games or perform community service activities. One
of our highlights is the opportunity to prepare meals at The
I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the Homeless. This past year, we
have gone on kayaking, hiking, and co-sponsored a comedy
improv night with Sisterhood. We have had opportunities
to meet with local Jewish celebrities and have had family
outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball games and other
local community sporting events. In the Fall, our annual
Membership Kickoff Party features fun, food, raffles and the
opportunity to schmooze with friends while we watch the
Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the big screen
TV. We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Throughout the year, Men’s Club members help with Sukkot,
Purim and Lag B’Omer programs. We lead and participate
in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. We
are your children’s teachers, your community volunteers and
your spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at least
18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community. I firmly believe that the Center Men’s
Club offers something for
everyone. So come on out and
join us for an activity this year. I i
think you’ll enjoy supporting our
Jacksonville Jewish community
and spending quality time with
other guys just like you!
MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
2nd Vice President
Harry L. Peltz
Mark Levine
1 st Vice President
Secretary
Allan Andrew
Bruce Stark
Treasurer
Martin Levine
Board Members
Past Presidents
Moti Demri
Neil Gordon
Steve Gross
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Mike Herring
Dave Schmerer
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Bob Feigelson
Ken Organes
Dr. Daniel Wohl
George Rubens
Dr. Jeff Sandler
Randall Smith
Neil Gordon
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
41
