Galinsky Academy
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
Rebecca Fixel
PTA President
The Galinsky Academy works diligently to provide an enriching year
for the students of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, the DuBow Preschool
and the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School. I am excited to be your
president again for the 2012-2013 school year!
The PTA contibutes to the educational experience of our children by
offering programs and events, equipment and technology, and a whole lot
more! Some of the outstanding programming and services throughout the year
include: Red Ribbon Week, Shabbat Boxes, Vision Screening, Kaleidoscope
Day, Holiday Observance and the publication of the MJGDS yearbook.
Other exciting events our families look forward to are our Father/Daughter
Dance, Mother/Son Bowling, Grand Friends Day, the Purim Carnival and
Family Roller Skating Nights.
Fundraising is a huge component of PTA as our funds are used to purchase
and support education in our schools. Our most successful fundraiser is the
annual Chai Family Fun Run. Other fundraising events for the 2012-2013 school
year will be magazine, kosher cookie dough and Entertainment Books sales.
In 2011-2012 the PTA raised funds for video monitors in both the MJGDS and DuBow Preschool lobbies. Our
themed basket fundraiser raised money for new appliances in the preschool kitchen. PTA also provided food for
our holiday celebrations and first grade consecrations. Every year, every teacher receives money for use in their
classroom for non-perishable items. For the Day School’s
50th anniversary weekend, our PTA was able to provide
families with a complementary luau celebration lunch.
The Parent Teacher Association strives to involve every
parent in our schools. Volunteers are crucial to the success
of our PTA and 1 encourage you to get involved.
PTA Officers
President
Rebecca Fixel
VP of Programming
Andrea Mail & Nancy Davis
VP of Membership
Galit Hill
VP of Services
Yakov Feig & Shireen Chafetz
Treasurer
Tammy Schemer
Secretary
Cindy Handmaker
95
