► DuBow Preschool 4
“Whoever teaches his son teaches not only his son but also his son’s son—and so
on to the end of generations.” - Talmud, Kiddushin, 30a
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool has been proudly named the DuBow
Preschool. The mission of the preschool has been to offer a supportive, creative, safe,
loving and developmental^ appropriate environment for the youngest members of
our community for over 68 years. The DuBow Preschool provides a rich program in
academics and Jewish living.
The school embraces the philosophy that young children learn best by doing.
We feel learning necessitates active thinking and experimenting, so that children can
discover their world and everything in it. The goal of our curriculum is to assist children
to become inquisitive explorers, enthusiastic, and self-confident; teaching them how to
learn. The DuBow Preschool’s programs are a result of careful and detailed planning
in accordance with the best available knowledge of child growth and development. The
programs are designed to meet the individual child’s needs and to promote continuous
growth with an emphasis on preparing each child to be successful in an academically
rigorous elementary school program. Utilizing a program that is inspired by Jewish
values, the DuBow Preschool stimulates each child’s social, emotional, physical and cognitive development.
Jewish values and studies are joyfully integrated into our curriculum through storytelling, art, cooking, music,
dance, prayer and time with the Rabbis and Hazzan. Jewish holidays are celebrated through activities and customs
designed to introduce our preschoolers to their rich Jewish heritage. We model and encourage kindness, respect,
compassion, confidence and responsibility.
As we welcome new and returning families and staff back, the 2012-2013 school year will definitely be one to
remember at the DuBow Preschool. This year we open the doors of our new state-of-the art facility and add new
enhancements to our already strong program. Our new Discovery Studio integrates hands-on exploratory learning
into our daily program. The school is becoming a leader in 21st century early childhood instructional technology.
The Parparim (3 yr. olds) and Tzeeporim (4 yr. olds) classrooms now have computer stations, iPads and interactive
tech tools to help our teachers better meet the individual and creative needs of each child.
I invite the entire community to come take a tour of our beautiful new DuBow Preschool, and to learn more
about our unique school.
On behalf of my faculty, and my daughters Cayla and Julia, I wish you a Shana Tovah Umetuka, a good and
sweet new year.
- Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Director
Chair - Lynda Gridley
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Rebecca Fixel
PE Teacher
HHI
Dina Kirshbaum Zina Levitsky
Administrative Music
Assistant Teacher
Greg Nagel
Exploration & Discovery
Program Coordinator
96
