Ia— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A SCHECHTER NETWORK DAY SCHOOL
What an incredible year 2011-2012 was and how excited we are for 2012-
2013! I want to thank the parents for giving us the most sacred gift - the honor of
entrusting us with the education of their children. I especially want to thank the
teachers and the staff for their hard work; our accomplishments this past year were
only possible because of your effort, time and love.
Space prohibits exposition, but please allow me to snapshot some of the
accomplishments from the 2011 -2012 school year and some exciting things to look
forward to in the upcoming year:
Transparency
Through the school website, classroom blogs, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr,
Vimeo, etc. - you are welcome to see what we are up to at all times! We added an
Annual Alumni Survey to our Annual Faculty and Parent Surveys. We also added
“blogfolios” for each student in Grade 3-8.
Academic Achievement:
In 2011-2012,65% of Students in Grades 4, 5 & 7 qualified for the Duke TIPS
program. All our graduating 8th graders have successfully matriculated into their
schools of choice for the second year in a row! We also successfully transitioned into a new math curriculum
- Singapore Math.
Differentiated Instruction:
Our school’s philosophy is “A Floor, But No Ceiling” and is reflected in our individual approach to education.
Thanks to a grant from Koleinujax - working with Jewish Family Service and the Foundation - we added
additional staff and training to ensure that each child in our school who has a special need has a documented
IEP and is receiving appropriate accommodations and services.
Middle School Athletics
The MJGDS Marlins took to the field this year for the first time ever! We competed in Girls Volleyball.
Soon we will announce at least one new sport for 2012-2013!
FC/S Re-Accreditation
We successfully came through our five-year re-accreditation with the Florida Council of Independent
Schools with a clean record and accommodations for technology and professional development!
Creating a Community of Kindness
As part of the new Galinksy Academy, we will launch a new anti-bullying/positive behavior promotion
program in the 2012-13 school year called “Creating a Community of Kindness”. It will incorporate parent
workshops, teacher training and student interventions in order to guarantee our families a safe and healthy
environment for their children.
My wife, Jaimee, and daughters, Eliana and Maytal, join me in wishing the entire community a shana
tovah umetuka.
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Gaby Bubis
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Talie Zaifert
Director of Marketing
& Admissions
Robyn
Sabatt-Waring
102
