fl
Youth Activities
m
CAMP KI TOV
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Upper Camp Director
Summer 2012 at Camp Ki Tov was another HUGE success!! Almost half
the staff from the prior year returned to camp excited to see the growth of
returning campers and eager to meet new campers. The children arrived
the first day excited and ready to show their spirit with hopes of receiving
the coveted “spirit stick.” This summer, campers explored new activities
such as hockey and tennis. They also enjoyed ice skating, eating snow
cones every afternoon, and joining in their favorite camp songs and cheers. Cooking was a weekly
activity led by our very own CIT’s. We welcomed Karianne Jaffa (a St. Johns County Science
Teacher) weekly for silly science experiments. The highlights of the summer definitely included our
new gaga pit, archery, and especially fishing.
Once again, each week’s activities revolved around themes such as Under the Big Top, The
Olympics and Nickelodeon Days. Over the course of the summer we ventured out to the ice skating
rink, the bowling alley, the San Marco Movie Theater, the beach and more.
Throughout the summer we were incredibly fortunate to have both Rabbi Olitzky and Hazzan
Holzer lead interesting Judaic-related activities and spend Shabbat with all age groups. Once more,
we were visited by counselors from Israel who brought the spirit and love of Israel to our campus.
Our objective this summer was to build on the momentum from previous years and we more than
achieved this goal. It took the involvement and support from many to make it happen. It is because
of the cohesive efforts of our clergy and administration, the loving parents, and the tremendous staff
of young men and women that Summer 2012 that Camp Ki Tov was another awesome success!!
Have a wonderful, happy and healthy year and we look forward to creating more memories with your children
during summer 2013 at Camp Ki Tov!!
Shereen Canady
Preschool Camp Director
Rabbi Jesse Olitzky
Camp Rabbi
L’ Shana Tovah,
Stephanie Teitelbaum Shereen Canady
Upper Camp Director Preschool Camp Director
117
