►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —<4
Twenty-one Jewish day schools of different religious orientations came together
in Jacksonville at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School for edJEWcon, a ground-breaking
conference designed to demonstrate to teams of day school educators how to implement
a 21st-century approach to curriculum and instruction. The integration of technology and
digital media into teaching and learning are essential tools to engage all learners. This
innovative conference raised the bar and showed the way for participants to acquire new understandings and gain
needed skills. The conference with just over 100 participants reached an audience on Twitter of over 100,000 in
under 24 hours. Sponsored by the Avi Chai Foundation and the Schechter Day School Network, with guest keynote
speakers, Heidi Hayes Jacobs and Angela Maiers, this conference was like no other. A Twitter feed, #edjewcon,
contained over 600 tweets mentioning things learned, thanking MJGDS for this incredible conference and helping
the schools and agencies in attendance, and those following the conference via Twitter, network with one another.
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School has been a leader in 21st Century Learning Skills for the past 2 years,
and now schools across the country are using MJGDS as a model to learn from. Thanks to the vision of Andrea
Hernandez and Silvia Tolisano, MJGDS 21st Century Learning Specialists, and Head of School, Dr. Jon Mitzmacher,
edJEWcon was born, and Jewish Day Schools across North America are benefitting from that vision. “My mind is
I a twitter. I’m all blogged out. And I can’t spend any more
II time in the App store. I’m uncomfortable, in brain pain,
|| and petrified of what I don’t know. And I couldn’t be more
j excited or invigorated about it!” Taken from a blog entry of
I an edJEWcon attendee.
Andrea Hernandez, one of the conferences organizers
• j and presenters concluded: We often talk about 21st century
I learning in terms of the skills needed to be successful in
j this technological world. One of those important skills is
II collaboration. edJEWcon is collaboration at its best.
A 21st Century leaching & Learning Institute
no
