\r Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Our Religious School has moved forward by leaps and bounds!
Take a walk down the hallways on Sunday mornings and Wednesday evenings...
you’ll see children working interactively with smartboards or Skyping with an 11
year-old “mensch” from Ottawa...you’II smell holiday treats, such as apples and
honey or latkes...You’ll notice amazing art projects, musical enthusiasm, dramatic
interpretations.. .and you’ll feel the laughter, ruach, and warmth of a close-knit family!
Through the generous sharing by the MJGDS of smartboards and laptops, we’ve
marched into the 21st Century. Now with the entire virtual world at our fingertips,
our students are “visiting” museums around the world, important areas of Israel (live
Kotel, holiday observations in Jerusalem, etc), and Jewish heroes-all in the comfort
and confines of our classrooms. Interactive Hebrew exercises and games stimulate
reading and prayer advancement.
Chosen as one of only 4 schools in the country by JTS/Melton Research Center,
we very successfully piloted a new curriculum in our 3rd grade, incorporating the use
of technology and the understanding of Religious School dynamics. We continue to
work closely with this exciting project, which hopes to soon include a 4th and a 5th
grade program.
We’re kept busy with special programs as well. Visitors such as Bible Raps, the
Jacksonville Bullies Lacrosse team, and the teen Ramat Gan Israeli Dancers were educational and entertaining in
2011-2012. We joined the congregation for the Purim carnival and dinner/shpiel, community service day, PTA
Chai Run, Community University, tiyul to shul, and we provided lots of help as sacred books and a Torah was
buried in the cemetery. We enjoyed our own favorites such as Pizza in the Hut, Sukkah decorating day, World
Wide Wrap, and our model seders (with guests from the Islamic Center).
One of the best changes of this year was the addition of the former Beth Shalom students. As we blended
our communities, we learned from, and with, each other. New friendships have been formed, and a strong, long-
lasting spiritual bond has been readied.
We look forward to a progressive and healthy and happy new year!
L’Shana Tovah from my family to yours,
Lois B Tompkins
Lois Tompkins
Director
Co-Chairs -
Faye Mizrahi &
Stacy Leach
