fr— Center Youth Department
A MESSAGE FROM THE YOUTH DIRECTOR
Welcome! You have just arrived at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Youth
Department. We are the premier youth program in Northeast Florida for teens
and children of all ages. What we create here at the Youth Department is a
home, a warm, loving and safe environment for Jewish youth to come together
to celebrate their lives. From social programming to social action programming,
we try to run the gamut of life to help our youth develop into creative, socially
active, thinking Jewish adults. We have a wonderful sense of family in our youth
department and we are always looking for ways to welcome more young people
and be the best we can possibly be.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center firmly believes in supporting the youth of
our synagogue. Towards this end we offer a variety of programs for children of
all ages. We have three active and successful youth groups that serve our youth
from fourth to twelfth grade. These groups offer the opportunity for preteens and
teens to strengthen their identification with Judaism and with the synagogue, as
well as to socialize and interact with their Jewish peers and friends.
Our goal and mission is to provide meaningful Jewish experiences that will leave a lasting impression on
our youth, helping them to become the Jewish leaders of tomorrow. Youth groups at the Center are a fantastic
way to meet, mingle, and make new friends. If you haven’t joined yet what are you waiting for??? Join
the most amazing youth group around and make friends and memories that last forever.
Gayle D. Bailys
Gayle Bailys
Director
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
Shari Shuman Rabbi Olitzky
The Youth Commission oversees all
youth organizations and programs sponsored
by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the
Center Day Camp. The committee is made up
of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that the
future of Conservative Judaism can be secured
through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth
Groups, the Youth Commission encourages our
youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah
Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities for our children
to share wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States.
The Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue
and community. Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are
sent that bring warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by
keeping us updated on their school mailing and email addresses.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is to bridge the invisible gap between the
home, the school and the synagogue. All of our youth
activities combined offer a unique opportunity to
stimulate educational, spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and Youth Director,
sets the standards and policies for these programs.
121
