===== PAGE 1 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Yearbook
2012-2013 5773
===== PAGE 2 =====
mm
From Mercedes-Benz to Porsche, Lexus, smart and now
Sprinter, The Brumos Companies have driven Jacksonville for
over 50 years. The Brumos heritage is reflected in its incredible
line of luxury vehicles and dealerships with a dedication to
customers and employees.
Affordable prices, like pre-owned luxury vehicles under
$20,000, and a commitment to quality service, have propelled
The Brumos Companies to become one of the most storied
dealership teams in the country. Brumos remains dedicated to
the community and focused on serving its growing customer
base with the recent addition of two more operations in
Jacksonville: The Brumos Collision Centers for auto body repair
and Brumos AutoWerks for the maintenance and repair of
exotic and classic cars. Please visit a Brumos Company near
you and experience what drives Jacksonville.
Brumos
MOTOR CARS
Mercedes-Benz
of Orange Park
LJEEXL-1S
OF OFICK SOnVlLLE OF ORRRGE F»FIF*K
Brumos m *
Porsche
csm^n O smart
Brumos Brumos
COLLISION CENTERS = AUTOWERKS
ri\
rumos
CO l\/l R/\ l\l IES
Find out more about our guaranteed repairs for life on.
www.Brumos.com
■■nj Find us on
Bj Facebook
^biuibber
FOLLOW US
===== PAGE 3 =====
Solstice
LAWN CARE
(904) 994-7457
Are you looking for a full service lawn care company
who is reliable and economical?
If so SOLSTICE LAWN CARE is the company for you!
WE OFFER THESE BENEFITS TO OUR RESIDENTIAL CLIENTS:
• No yearly contracts to sign • Full service maintenance visits
• No locked in monthly fees • Guaranteed service day
FULL SERVICE MAINTENANCE VISITS INCLUDE:
• Professional Mowing • Tree Pruning (when required)
• Concrete Edging • Weed Removal
• String Trimming • Surface Debris Removal
• Hedging (when required)
ANCILLARY SERVICES INCLUDE:
• Bed Mulching • Landscape design
• Tree Trimming • Plant/Tree Install
Solstice Lawn Care provides service for both
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
Why pay more?
Save 70% or more - buy local and fresh.
Jacksonville
FARMERS MARKET
Since 1938 - Newly Rebuilt in 2007
RETAIL* WHOLESALE
Featuring Organic, Ethnic, Specialty, Seasonal & Unique Agricultural Products and Plants
Providing the widest selection of produce in North Florida - arriving FRESH DAILY.
Open 365 days a year - Dawn to Dusk.
►
Celebrating 74 years as Jacksonville’s
largest and Florida’s oldest Farmers Market!
jaxfarmersmarket.com
Convenient drive-up parking. Located at the Beaver Street Viaduct.
1810 W. Beaver Street, Jacksonville, FL 32209
904.354.2821
2
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
Table of Contents
Yearbook Staff
Janis Dorman Beth Wolpoff
Advertising Editor Yearbook Editor
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for
making this publication possible, but also for
the support you lend to our many activities.
We urge our members to reciprocate with
their patronage.
Claims of Kashrut made by advertisers
unassociated with the synagogue are neither
verified nor endorsed by the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904-292-1000 • www.jaxjewishcenter.com
email: info@jaxjewishcenter.org
This yearbook is for informational purposes. It is not
intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
PROFESSIONAL AND LAY LEADERSHIP
Board of Directors 22
Center Personnel 19
Executive Director’s Message 15
Hazzan’s Message 13
Margo’s Catering 19
Executive Board 23
Past Presidents 24-25
President’s Message 21
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 9
Rabbi Olitzky’s Message 11
Ritual Director’s Message 17
JJC PHONE DIRECTORY 129
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMUNITIES
Adult Education 37
Center Cemetery / Hevra Kaddisha 61
Chorale Society 30
Hesed Community 35
House Committee 31
JJC GreenTeam 35
Koltrain 30
Men’s Club 40 - 41
Membership 32 - 33
Religious Community 31
Sisterhood 38 - 39
Social Action Community 36
CALENDAR 190-195
COMMUNITY / SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTINGS ... 189
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 217-222
DIRECTORY OF MEMBERS 131 - 188
Galinsky Academy 87
MJGDS Head of School Message 102
MJGDS Classes, Teachers, Activities 103-111
DuBow Preschool Director’s Message 96
DuBow Preschool Classes, Activities 97 - 99
Kids Club 101
L’Dor V’Dor 89
Makom 116
MJGDS 50th Anniversary 90 - 93
PTA 95
Religious School Classes, Activities 113 - 115
Religious School Director’s Message 112
Shalom Baby 100
GREETINGS 196-216
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 45 - 49
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 51-53
Dearly Departed 63
Weddings 55 - 59
MEMORIALS 64-85
SPECIAL EVENTS
Simchat Torah Honorees 27
Purim Shpiel 28
Shabbat at Sea 29
Tribute 4-7
YOUTH
Camp Ki Tov 117
Center Youth Commission 121
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 123-127
Scouting 43
Summer Youth Programs 118 - 119
Youth Director’s Message 121
===== PAGE 6 =====
|j—Celebrating Over a Century of Minyan-4
Rabbi Hal afta ben Dos a of Kefar Hananiah
said: When ten people sit together and occupy
themselves with Torah, the Presence abides among
them, as is said, “God abideth in the congregation of
God” (Ps. 82:1).
participate in those activities. The word minyan has
also come to describe the actual meeting for services,
and to some the service itself. There are parts of the
service that cannot be recited without the required
quorum, which is why so much time and effort has
gone into guaranteeing that ten individuals would be
in attendance.
Congregation B’Nai Israel became the
Jacksonvi I le Jewish Center in 1927. Our congregation
is proud to have one of the oldest continuous daily
minyan services in the southeastern United States.
This has occurred through the dedication of our
members; the pride they have taken to meet on
a daily basis to communicate with God, and the
concern they have had for their fellow congregant
to ensure that they have had a minyan on the days
they have needed one for a celebration or in a time of
mourning.
Additionally, the minyan has succeeded because
of the countless individuals who have served as
leaders and captains - inviting people to join them
for minyan and reaching out to individuals when
there was a need for the tenth participant.
When the synagogue was located on 3rd &
Silver Streets in the Springfield area, where much
of the Jewish community lived, you might find Mr.
Nathans or Mr. Smith going from door to door to
recruit participants.
Many will remember getting a call from Esther
Fishier, our synagogue office administrator, to attend
a daily minyan. She never took no for an answer.
When Esther called, you went. She organized so
many minyanim that it is no surprise that her yahrzeit
falls on Yom Kippur, the largest minyan of the year.
The entire community was involved. Harry
Shmunes, a lifelong resident of Jacksonville, recalls
At the end of the 19th century, five Jacksonville
families came together on a daily basis, meeting in
each other’s homes to participate in the morning
afternoon and evening services. By 1901, the minyan
had grown to over forty people who were committed
to God and their new, growing community. They
legally incorporated into the orthodox congregation
B’Nai Israel, and listed as the first point in their
charter: “is to hold and conduct religious services
according to the Hebrew form of worship.’’ Their
primary goal was to have a home for their minyan.
A minyan refers to the quorum of ten Jewish
adults required for certain religious obligations.
This includes prayer services, but also includes
reading from the Torah, reciting Sheva Brachot
after a wedding, and Birchat Hamazon (Grace After
Meals). Not having a minyan changes the way we
4
===== PAGE 7 =====
$¡»—Celebrating Over a Century of Minyan—¡f
when he worked for Pic N Save on 8th & Main that the
Setzer’s would get a call that they needed help with
a minyan and they would send the Jewish employees
to help.
Dick Browdy recalls his first minyan in 1956
when he was recruited out of Hebrew School to go
to the chapel and help make a minyan. Behind the
chapel there was a coat room. But this was not to
hang your coat up when it was cold outside; this was
a room with extra suit coats that were given to men
so they could meet the minyan clress code.
If you were at services Saturday morning
and you felt a tap on your shoulder, you knew it
was Phillip Selber ensuring that you would be in
attendance for minyan Saturday night or Sunday
morning. For countless years he made sure there was
a minyan on the weekends.
Jack Silverman was captain for Sunday morning and
even when he was not able to attend he still made
calls each week for years to make sure the Sunday
morning minyan count was met.
Abe Fages was a speed reader when it came to
davening. People would say no one can read faster
than Abe Fages, even Abe Fages! Once he was late
for minyan which was very unusual, and when he
arrived he had gotten a speeding ticket because he
was afraid he was going to be late for minyan. That
was dedication.
Another major piece of our congregation’s
minyan history is the Minyan Club. Started by
Cantor Abraham Marton in the 1950s, the club was
created for boys transitioning into Bar Mitzvah age
and functioned as a learner’s service that was held on
Sunday morning at 9:00 am before Sunday school.
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
p—Celebrating Over a Century of Minyan^
It was an opportunity for the older boys to teach the
younger Bar Mitzvah candidates about putting on
tallit and tefillin as well as helping in training them
to lead the daily service. There would be breakfast
after services which was sponsored by the Men’s
Club - organized by Dave Safer and served by Annie
May. The Minyan Club had elected officers who ran
the services and recruited new members. In later
years the Minyan Club was directed by Mr. Leon
Zucker who kept the tradition of teaching the next
generation so they would know how to lead services
and attend minyan. Many of our service leaders
today were originally trained by Cantor Marton and
Mr. Zucker.
The Minyan Club of yesteryear may no longer
exist but the need to educate and sensitize a new
generation about the importance and value of
attending minyan is no less important.
There is a long list of dedicated Minyan Captains
that have made sure we had a minyan throughout the
years. This list has included:
Harry Berman
Jack Bettman
Abe Bielski
Martin Brauner
Raymond Cohen
Ben Edwards
David Epstein
Esther Fishier
Nathan Franzblau
Sy Freedman
Nathan Friedlin
Sheldon Gendzier
Horty Gendzier
Bill Goldberg
Ira Goldfield
Alan Gordon
Melvin Gottlieb
Allen Gray
Michael Greenburg
Edith Horovitz
Adam Jacobson
Sol Janow
Milt Koegler
Fred Kupperman
Joe Mizrahi
Jeffery Morris
Norman Moss
Lou Moss
Herb Plotkin
Sol Proctor
Nathan Sandler
Morris Schemer
Leon Schinasi
Dr. Nathan Schneider
Philip Selber
Bernard Selevan
Max Shmunes
Nathan Shmunes
Jack Silverman
Blanche Slott
Louis Slott
Billy Soforenko
George Strumlauf
Arlene Yegelwel
David Zavon
Seeman Zimmerman
Our current Minyan Captains are listed on the
following page, but there are many more whose
dedication to our minyan has ensured that our
congregants would have the opportunity to pray
with a community of peers and be able to say
Kaddish when they needed to.
In 2006, the Jacksonville Jewish Center became
an egalitarian synagogue and enabled the inclusion
of women in this important tradition. While there
were already women who attended minyan, now
they were able to be counted as part of the ten. This
brought a whole new group of dedicated participants
to daily minyan.
There is a L’dor V’dor aspect to being a Minyan
Captain. Many of our current captains listed below
inherited their dedication to daily prayer from their
fathers and carry on the tradition today. We thank all
of our current Minyan Captains for their dedicated
efforts in keeping the tradition of daily prayer alive
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
We invite you to become a “regular” for at
least one minyan a week. Call Scott Zimmerman
at 268-4200 ext. 224 for further information.
6
===== PAGE 9 =====
$s^~Celebrating Over a Century of Minyan-^§
i
DAILY MINYAN CAPTAINS
Our dedicated Minyan Captains ensure that there is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It is
because of them that you can recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those listed below who served as Minyan Captains
during the past year.
Joette Anderson
Philip Bloom
Bob Bossen
Len Magid
Jack Mizrahi
Steven Mizrahi
Marco Rand
Michael Schneider Harry Shmunes
Steve Soloman
Edward Tannen
Evan Yegelwel Sandy Zimmerman
**• • ■
■n
7
===== PAGE 10 =====
Ira E. Goldfield, clu chFC
Chartered Financial Consultant & Insurance Advisor
Providing Service In:
• Medicare Supplement (AARP)
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
• Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401(k) and Retirement Plans
2803 Scott Mill Estates Drive • Jacksonville, Florida 32257 • (904) 655-7747
Securities and investment advisory services offered through Lincoln Financial Advisories Corp.,
member NASD, SI PC, and a registered investment advisor.
Insurance products offered through Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. and other fine companies.
8
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 11 =====
IY-A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
A HUNDRED YEARS OF MINYAN: WHEN HIDDEN TREASURE IS IN PLAIN VIEW
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
“But as for me, let my prayer come before You, O Lord, at a favorable time” (Psalm 69:14).
When is a “favorable time ”? Whenever the community gathers for prayer
-Babylonian Talmud, Berakhot 8a
There is an old story in which two Jews argue late into the night about the existence of
God. Despite the best efforts of the first to prove God’s presence in the world, the other refuses
to be swayed from his atheism. The next day, however, the believer observes his friend walking
into the synagogue for morning services. “I thought you insisted there was no God,” he says.
Replies the other, “What does that have to do with anything?”
What makes this joke humorous is the kernel of truth it contains. Of course, Jews come
to shul to talk to God, yet they also come to experience a sense of community and connection
which is a religious experience in its own right. If communication with the Holy One were the
sole purpose of prayer, why would Judaism insist on the superiority of communal worship over
private devotion?
Minyan is a kind of pas de deux between the individual and the collective. There are
parts of the liturgy we can chant only in the presence of quorum, and parts designed for quiet
recitation by each person. As a community we pray for those who are sick, remember the yahrzeits of those no longer living,
and provide an opportunity for worshippers who have escaped danger to offer a blessing of thanksgiving. There is something
paradoxical about Jewish prayer: to embrace the joys, sorrows and needs of the individual requires the presence of a minyanl
Rebbe Nachman of Bratzlav (1772-1810), one of the greatest Hasidic storytellers of all time, once told a tale of a man who
traveled to a distant city in pursuit of a great treasure ... only to learn that it was hidden in plain view within his own home. Time
and again, I hear members of the congregation express their yearning to belong, to count, to feel like they matter ... if only there
were some place in our community in which a diverse group of Jews of all ages and backgrounds could gather - not because of
shared interests, but because of a shared longing for a sense of significance, the desire to be part of something far larger than a
demographic niche.
That opportunity has been hiding in plain view at the Jacksonville Jewish Center for more than a century: it happens twice
daily, 365 days a year. The precious character of this resource becomes even more apparent with a glance at a map of the
southeastern United States. To find another Conservative synagogue that offers morning and evening minyan each day of the year
would require a person to travel to Palm Beach County to the south, Houston to the west, and Atlanta or Charlotte to the north!
Those who attend minyan do not fit a pre-fabricated profile: they are women and men, Jews-by-birth, by choice, or supportive
non-Jewish spouses who are also part of our community. They are gay and straight, knowledgeable about Jewish practice or
unable to read Hebrew. They are 20-something, 80-something, and every age in between. Unlike other synagogue arms that
assume a common denominator as a pre-requisite for participation, the minyan experience is a pure celebration of the linkage
between Jewish self and community.
The cover of this year’s Yearbook honors over a century of minyan at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, and salutes the incredibly
vital contributions of generations of synagogue members, both past and present, in enabling our daily minyan to flourish. The
challenge we face now is how to inculcate in a new generation of minyannaires the incredible value and sense of community that
comes with but a small commitment of time once a week, or even once a month.
My teacher and colleague, Rabbi Reuven Hammer once said, “Religion is about what we do with our togetherness, not
our aloneness.” Or as the Torah puts it, “For I am sanctified in the midst of the Israelite people” (Leviticus 22:32). The Jewish
experience of God comes through being together with others; to hear their voices and join them, rather than to offer our words
to God in isolation. To realize that your presence on a Tuesday evening or Sunday morning has enabled a grieving parent to say
Kaddish on his child’s yahrzeit, or to know that by making the minyan you’ve made
it possible for us to read Torah on a Thursday morning is empowered Judaism at
its best. It reminds us that we count, literally and figuratively, and underscores
that life isn’t about what we get out of God, but what God gets out of us. On
any given day, there are as many reasons for being at minyan as people present,
but all of them transcend the word “I”, all of them point toward the fellowship of
community. And when they are present, I know that God is as well.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar join me in wishing you a New Year of
sweetness, health and blessing. May we all be inscribed and sealed for meaningful
life in the year 5773.
,iDnnm nnan nmo rut?
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
9
===== PAGE 12 =====
Serving Northeast
Florida Since 1898
BUSINESS
PERSONAL
LIFE
HEALTH
Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
www.Vandroff-lnsurance.com
TM
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
904.296.3390 office • 904.296.6144 fax
V
Copyright ©2011, Vandroff Insurance Inc. All Rights Reserved. An Independent Insurance Agent®
10
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Oar Advertisers
===== PAGE 13 =====
A Message from Rabbi Olitzky
MAKING A HOUSE A HOME
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
Jews make a big deal about the buildings that we pray in... or rather, the buildings that
we do not pray in. After all, the old joke goes:
A man is rescued after many years on a desert island. As he stands on the deck of the
rescuing vessel, the captain says to him, “I thought you were stranded alone. How come
I can see three huts on the beach?” “Well, ” replies the castaway, “that one there is my
house and that one there is my shut. ” “And the third one?” asks the skipper. ”Oh, thats
the shul I DON'T go to. ”
We identify as Jews with Jewish communal institutions. We here at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center are proud of the institution that we call home. We have spent a great deal
of time, energy, and money to take care of our building, from constant roof repairs to the
brand new renovations of the newly named DuBow Preschool. After all, when my family
and I first came to Jacksonville over a year ago, we were mesmerized by the amazing
facilities that make up the Jacksonville Jewish Center: over 35 acres, including sports
fields, playgrounds, and an outdoor swimming pool, as well as a wing for our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and Bernard
and Alice Selevan Religious School, a full separate wing for our DuBow Preschool, a large sanctuary, chapel, gymnasium,
multi-purpose rooms, and a social hall. This building represents the long and storied history of the Jacksonville Jewish
community and shows the future potential of the Center.
We at the Jacksonville Jewish Center and at the educational arms of the Galinsky Academy pride ourselves on 21st
century technology. In this age of Facebook and Twitter, when phones are used more for text messaging and emails, then
for making actual calls, it is no surprise that one can sign online and go to services in cyberspace. Yet, we come together
in the first world -- in physical space - and create literal community. This physical space has many names to many people.
Some of us call it temple, reminiscent of the Holy Temple that once stood in Jerusalem. Others use the Yiddish word shul,
meaning school or place of learning. Some call it synagogue, coming from the Greek. We just simply call it the Center,
representing the central role that the Jacksonville Jewish Center plays in our lives.
The Hebrew word for synagogue is not Beit Tefillah, a House of Prayer or Worship, as most synagogues are defined.
We pray here and strive to have meaningful prayer experiences here, but we do so much more than pray. Some use the term
Beit Midrash, but a Beit Midrash is literally a House of Study. True, we teach our children here, both formally through our
Preschool, Religious School, and Day School, and informally through our Chalutzim, Kadima, and USY youth programs
and our Camp Ki Tov, and we have plenty of adult education as well, but this place is so much more than simply a House
of Study. The Hebrew term for synagogue is a Beit Knesset, literally, a House of Assembly, a house in which we enter, in
which we come together, to create meaningful experiences. A house is simply a building, a structure in which we reside
and spend our time. However, when we assemble together, through social programming, ritual, prayer, learning, and
memorable experiences, that house becomes a home.
A home is not about a physical space. Even though we are grateful for the space that we call home, a home is created
because of what goes on inside that space. The late Lubavitcher Rebbe taught that “a container was defined by its contents.
A pitcher of water isn’t a pitcher... a pitcher of water is water. A crate of apples isn’t a crate, it is apples.” A house, and
a house of worship, is also defined by what is inside it: us! We make this
house our home! A home is a place where everyone knows your name,
where you feel so comfortable that you dress casually, where you hang out
when you have nothing special to do. Welcome home to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center! I look forward to welcoming so many new and familiar
faces into this home in the year ahead.
Andrea and Cayla join me in wishing the entire Jacksonville Jewish
Center community a Happy, Healthy, and Sweet New Year.
Shana Tovah,
Rabbi Jesse M. Olitzky
11
===== PAGE 14 =====
U Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace,
Health and Happiness be yours
throughout the Hew Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
(904) 733-3529
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
(904) 733-8133
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
12
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
A Message from the Hazzan - <
AN UNEXPECTED SURPRISE GIFT
I love summer comedies and dramas on television- namely, the entire
USA and TNT lineup. If there’s one show I really enjoy, it’s So You Think You
Can Dance on ABC. These are real dancers, real talent who dance captivating
moments of artistry. The choreography has a magic connection with the music;
the dancer’s moves bring life to the lyrics of each song. Many times I watch and
go, “wow.”
As cantor, I’m lucky to work in a profession where I can have such “wow”
moments. Sometimes these moments are choreographed, at threshold moments
in our lives. More often than not, the “wow” is an unexpected surprise gift.
It can be families singing along to their child leading services on the day
they become Bar or Bat Mitzvah. It can be glancing out to see hundreds of
congregants dancing joyfully through the Hora. This past year, I was wowed
by certain “choreographed” moments on our calendar. Unveiling our first ever
Purim Shpiel highlighted diamond in the rough talents within our community
and brought some 400 people to their feet. Our Food Stamp challenge heightened
our community’s awareness of hunger in Jacksonville and inspired a synagogue challenge for this year. Our
revamped JJC Chorale Society brought in new music and new singers to share new musical notes with our
congregation.
There are times when choreographed events can create unexpected moments as well. For those who joined
us for our hopefully semi-annual Shabbat at Sea were privy to an amazing Shabbat service looking out at the
Atlantic Ocean and Havdalah looking out at the deep red sunset in the far distance. With all these wonderful
events, what can we look forward to for this year? How can we choreograph experiences to have those “wow”
moments?
Our JJC Chorale and Music Department continues to expand. Our Adult Education department offers
an opportunity to become more engaged and involved in our services and find comfort and meaning in our
tradition. On the programming front, our Shpiel for this upcoming Purim will promise to be out of this world
fun. Purim evening we’ll have our Masquerade Ball for Adults- relive those times on the dance floor at your
Bar/Bat Mitzvah and wedding! In January, The Jacksonville Jewish Center will host its first ever A Cappella
Shabbat, as we bring in a top Jewish A cappella group to teach, sing eat and pray with us.
For me, these can be “wow” moments reminding me of the greatness of working within such a community.
I know you will be wowed as well, for you are the artists that can help us paint a masterpiece in the upcoming
year. Leora and I wish everyone at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center a year of joy, health and “wow.”
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Shana Tovah,
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
===== PAGE 16 =====
with
Winn/Dixie
Locations below carry fresh kosher
meat and dairy items:
1520 W University Blvd. 11701-10 San Jose Blvd.
in Jacksonville in Jacksonville
winndixie.com/kosher
14
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 17 =====
¡H A Message from the Executive Director HI
TO SUM UP
How do you “sum-up” a synagogue activity year which has been so filled
with exciting and uplifting events and programs?
Can you adequately describe the spiritual and academic growth in the
course of one year of our children that attend the Galinsky Academy comprised
of the DuBow Preschool, the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School, the
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and Makom Hebrew High?
Is it possible to assess the impact on Jewish identity of our Family Services,
Gan Shabbat, twice daily services, regular Shabbat and Festival services, in
which hundreds of our people participate in each week?
Can we properly evaluate the efforts of our Hesed and Social Action
Committees which have helped in so many ways?
How do you summarize a year in which we celebrated weddings, Bar and
Bar Mitzvah’s, births, circumcisions, graduations, birthday’s and anniversaries
together and, on the other hand, a year in which we were partners in the agony
of illness and death?
What are the strengths of chavurot which have been meeting month after month and just how much
have the intellectual horizons of our membership been enlarged by virtue of the multitude of adult Jewish
education classes we conduct each week?
How has this synagogue fulfilled its responsibility to the wider community in political life, in interfaith
relationships, in the struggle for a healthier, more vibrant community?
Who could have estimated the value of two congregations coming together to integrate for the greater
good of our combined communities? Who could have imagined the pain that was felt as the former Center
building at Third and Silver burned to the ground?
Does that take your breath away? Does it make you feel that your membership in the Jacksonville
Jewish Center has far greater consequences than suggested by the frequency with which any family
member takes advantage of, or participates in, synagogue activities?
We will continue to move forward, meeting our members needs diligently. We will continue to be a
responsive synagogue. We will continue to examine the traditions of our past and embrace the future.
Let me be real, in a world of quick fixes and superficial solutions we’re almost taken back when a
different path is offered — one that takes time, invites us to participate in an honest assessment of where
we are, calls for deep commitment and creative visioning. I am filled with hope for our continued growth
into the future. Synagogue development is not a single action with a static beginning and ending point.
Rather, it is a process that shapes the life of the synagogue over the long term.
Donald A. Kriss
Executive Director
15
===== PAGE 18 =====
55
JEWISH
NATIONAL
FUND
• * s
WE INVENT
TOMORROW,
TODAY jM
Jewish National Fund gives all generations of Jews a unique voice
in building a prosperous future forthe land of Israel and its
people.
JNF:
• Greens the desert with millions of trees and builds thousands
of parks to create new communities and cities for generations
of Israelis to call home.
• Pioneers innovative solutions to stretch Israel’s water supply
by 12%.
• Educates both young and old about the founding and importance
of Israel and Zionism.
For more information contact Uri Smajovits at usmajovits@jnf.org
or Beth Morris at bmorris@jnf.org or call 800.211.1502.
16
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 19 =====
¡jfa—A Message from the Ritual Director —4|
DAILY MINYAN
Scott Zimmerman
Ritual Director
Perhaps the one activity at the Jacksonville Jewish Center that never takes a vacation is
the Daily Minyan. Twice daily we gather in the Witten Chapel to maintain the centuries old
tradition of public worship. More often than not, the core group is joined by those who, in
grief, come to praise God by means of the Mourners’ Kaddish. Just by showing up to make
certain there are 10 people to recite Kaddish, friendships have blossomed, partnerships have
been created and best of all, those in need of comfort find it and get it. It’s a feel good win-win
all the way around.
Becoming a Minyanaire may possibly be one of the easiest and least painful ways to
perform a random act of kindness. I guess the real secret is that it starts with the commitment
of a mutual purpose which is shared by passionate people who not only talk the talk, but walk
the walk. That purpose is the glue which brings people together to guarantee Kaddish will be
recited twice a day for those in need.
Abraham Joshua Heschel wrote, “We pray with the whole community, and every one of us
by himself.” Prayer can be joyful, uplifting, fulfilling, challenging, frustrating, and confusing.
We want to feel - to be moved by prayer. Yet, we are not meant, merely, to pray alone. We count
on others to support us in our quest for connection - with ourselves, with others and with God.
What a perfect way to start the day-prayer, contemplation and social interaction! According to Jewish tradition, it is forbidden
to live in a town that does not have a doctor or a daily prayer quorum. This emphasis teaches us the sanctity of our physical and
our spiritual well-being. The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that its egalitarian minyan meets every day, 365 days a year. The
people who comprise our minyan range from those observing yahrzeit or the year of mourning for a parent, to those “regulars”
who carve time from their daily routine to commune with God and other members of our community.
Meet with a warm, friendly group for daily prayers. We welcome you - regardless of your familiarity with Hebrew, the
service, or laying t’fillin. It was new at some point for each of us.
Having a birthday, remembering a loved one who has passed away, worried about someone who is sick? This is the place to
come for a blessing or a special prayer - and others to celebrate or pray along with you.
Every day of the week, members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center community depend on the morning and evening services
in order to say Kaddish for loved ones. Without a minyan they are unable to fulfill this obligation. YOU can join in the mitzvah
by helping form the minyan and participating in the morning or evening service. You just need to show up.
We read from the Torah on Monday and Thursdays. Everyone who attends has the opportunity to participate and receive
an honor. Every Monday morning Rabbi Lubliner holds a Minyan Mapquest learning session teaching us the ins and outs of the
siddur and making the service even more meaningful with this additional information.
These services are essential to our Jacksonville Jewish Center community. Come one day, one day a week or every day.
Make it a part of your weekly routine. As they say, “come for a visit.. .stay for a lifetime”.
Morning Minyan is a special time and place at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Meeting in the synagogue’s chapel every day,
it brings together all segments of our diverse community to bring comfort to mourners and celebrate s ’machot.
At both our morning and evening minyan services, in the spirit of support for those who have suffered the loss of loved ones,
we recall the names of those whose yahrzeits are being observed and offer mourners and those observing yahrzeits the opportunity
to recite the Mourner’s Kaddish.
Our minyan is conducted in a friendly atmosphere that makes everyone, from the highly experienced to the beginner, feel
comfortable. These daily prayer services offer a valuable respite from the worries and pressures of the world. It also can provide
time for self-reflection. Even if you have never worn a tallit or tefillin, or you are unfamiliar with the prayers, we will help you
feel at ease. Give yourself a gift and join us. It is time well spent.
Want to feel better about your life and more optimistic in general? Attend a daily minyan at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Research conducted at UC Davis and reported in the Washington Post found that “people who consciously remind themselves
every day of the things they are grateful for” had better mental and physical health, exercised more and slept better. Grateful
people were also “nicer to others and more willing to help people... ”
A true community resource, our Jacksonville Jewish Center has the only consistent minyan in Northeast Florida. For the past
110 years we have been part of an ancient tradition, daily prayer. We need your help to keep this tradition alive at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
A heart-felt thank you goes out to all of our regular Minyanaire’s for their dedication and kindness. WON’T YOU PLEASE
JOIN THEM?
Shana Tovah - Have a healthy and happy new year!
Aron, Suzy and Scott Zimmerman
17
===== PAGE 20 =====
Borland-Groover Clinic Wishes you a Lifetime of Good Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Linda Di Teodoro, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Andrew R. Brown, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
George T. Nassar, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
Joe G. Khoury, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
Ali Lankarani, M.D.
Murray L. Langfitt, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ngoclan Dinh, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Ben Pineau, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
W.A. (Sandra) Hoogerwerf, M.D.
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Kevin M. Comar, M.D.
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
William F. Foody, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Monica J. Cox, ARNP, Ph.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Hong T. Tek, M.D.
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Steve S. Harvey, M.D.
Michael E. Herman, D.O.
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Jose M. Nieto, D.O.
Michael B. IBach, M.D.
Debbie Williams, PA-C
Scott T. Cooper, M.D.
Augusto Lopez-Torrez, M.D.
Laura Boudreaux, ARNP
Thomas J. Flannery, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Apurv K. Varia, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Borland-Groover has to office locations to serve you:
4800 Belfort Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
3627 University Blvd.
Suite 705
Jacksonville, FL 32216
3599 University Blvd. South
Suite 911
Jacksonville, FL 32216
1883 Kingsley Avenue
Suite 1100
Orange Park , FL 32073
1375 Roberts Drive
Suite 204
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
3 Shircliff Way
Suite 400
Jacksonville, FL 32204
14540 St. Augustine Rd.
Suite 2207
Jacksonville, FL 32258
1340 South 18th Street
Suite 101
Fernandina Beach, FL 32034
836 Prudential Drive
Suite 801
Jacksonville, FL 32207
100 Whetstone Place
Suite 105
St. Augustine, FL 32086
Our office hours are 8:30 am to 5:00pm, Monday through Friday
To schedule an appointment, call 904.398.7205
It is our privilege to be a part of your specialized medical care.
18
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 21 =====
Lori Schoettler
Director of Finance & Operations
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Leslie Manucy
Accounts Receivable
Rose Tincher
Receptionist
Cassie Vichozsky
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
Brent Ganey
Facilities Supervisor
The maintenance and
housekeeping staff work diligently
to keep our building clean and
presentable at all times. Our staff
devotes much of their time to
taking care of all the physical
needs required by the many events
which take place throughout the
year. Volunteers, event planners
and Center staff appreciate the
special attention they receive from
the maintenance department. The
maintenance staff offers invaluable
support to the members of our
congregation.
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Your simcha is in good hands with
Margo’s. From planning to presentation,
you’ll appreciate the professional touches
that the catering staff brings to every event.
The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent, and the ambiance is
always inviting. Best of all, congregants can
count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be
helpful, friendly and reassuring. It’s a pleasure
to plan a party or congregational program at
the Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah,
wedding or other occasion, you can trust
Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
To learn more about menus and catering
options, go to Margo’s Catering’s website,
www.margoskoshercatering.com.
(Under the Kosher supervision of
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner)
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc.
Wealth Management Specialists
“No investment product selling;
just well-disciplined investment management.”
We do things differently.
Let's
We understand that everyone’s
discuss
financial situation is unique. We have
your
financial
created a time tested investment
future.
strategy that can be tailored to suit
904.273.9850
your needs. We are a locally owned,
fee only, Investment Management
Our Portfolio
Company that has helped many
Services Include:
• Asset Management
families preserve & grow
• Retirement Planning
• 401 (k) Rollovers
their assets since 1995.
• IRA, 401 (k) and 403(b)
Management
Jan Butensky
Founder
110 Professional Drive, #101
Pontevedra Beach 32082
www.butenskycohen.com
info@butenskycohen.com
Allan Cohen
Founder
20
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 23 =====
V~ A Message from the President
A MILLION REASONS TO BE THANKFUL
I appreciate the opportunity to serve the Jacksonville Jewish Center as
President for a 3rd year. We are very fortunate to have an excellent leadership
group who, along with an outstanding professional team/staff, are engaged and
committed to meeting the needs of our membership and families throughout
the year.
We continue to evolve and grow as a synagogue....and, the ongoing
financial generosity and commitment from our members is, and will continue
to be, critical to our future success. This past year, we raised more funds
than any year in the Center’s history! Between the High Holiday Appeal, the
L’Dor V’Dor Annual Fundraiser, the 50th Anniversary of the Day School,
Annual Donations and Matching Funds, the total comes to approximately One
Million Dollars! That is an amazing accomplishment we are extremely fortunate to have so many of
our congregants who understand how important and vital it is to continue “investing” in our synagogue.
I’d like to personally thank everyone who has been extremely supportive and given of their time,
energy and effort during my Presidency and, for your desire to continue to do so for one more year....
it is greatly appreciated!
Helen, Sophie, Charlie and I (along with Max and Oliver) wish our entire Center Community a healthy
and happy year 5773.
Shana Tovah,
Michael DuBow
1
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
Allan Andrew
Shirley Bielski
Philip Bloom
Colman Brodsky
Moti Demri
Michael DuBow
Susan DuBow
Dina Fetner
Etta Fialkow
Bob Fischer
Neil Gordon
Mel Gottlieb
Bruce Horovitz
Joan Fevin
Marla Fewis
Feonardo Maiman
Mike Mass
Harvey Matoren
Kim Miller
Steven Mizrahi
Rachel Morgenthal
Alyse Nathans
Kathy Osterer
Harry Peltz
Jennifer Plotkin
Fita Poehlman
Fred Pozin
Marco Rand
Harris Rittenberg
Jeanne Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Michael Schneider
Russell Selevan
Ben Setzer
Feonard Setzer
Beth Shorstein
Shari Shuman
Elyse Whitman
Dr. Dan Wohl
Howard Wolpoff
Carole Wolpin
Morrie Zimmerman
Past Presidents
Lawrence DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Joseph Honigman
Mitchell Levine
Charles Mizrahi
Jeffery Morris
Marsha Pollock
Jack Shorstein
Mark Shorstein
Michael Shorstein
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
Evan Yegelwel
Sanford “Sandy”
Zimmerman
Seeman Zimmerman
22
===== PAGE 25 =====
Executive Board
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Chairman of the Board
Alyse Nathans
VP of Education
Michael DuBow
President
Bruce Horovitz
Executive VP
Fred Pozin
Executive VP
Jennifer Plotkin
VP of Finance
Beth Shorstein
VP of Ritual
Howard Wolpoff
VP of House
Etta Fialkow
VP of Membership
Shari Shuman
VP of Youth
Russell Selevan
VP at Large
Mel Gottlieb
VP at Large
Jeanine Rogozinski
Secretary
Leonard Setzer
VP at Large
Philip Bloom
Member at Large
Harry Peltz Shirley Bielski
Men’s Club Sisterhood
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
Max Frank*
1901-1904
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Abe Newman*
1940-1943
H. Hammerman*
1905
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
Harry Finkelstein*
1927-1929
Joseph Hackel*
1947-1948
Robert J. Gordon*
1953-1955
Jack Becker*
1966-1967
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
——J
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Elias H. Pilton*
1911-1922
Philip Selber*
1950-1951; 1953-1955
1963-1965
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
Max Rubin*
1930-1937
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Harry Leff*
1949
- 0 f.
Harry Gendzier*
1944-1946
Philip Bork*
1952
24
===== PAGE 27 =====
Past Presidents
Wilbur Margol*
1970-1971
Jack Shorstein
1972-1974
Charles Mizrahi
1974-1976
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Lawrence DuBow
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
Nathan Krestul*
Sol Proctor*
1978-1980
1978-1980
1980-1982
1982-1984
Dr. Joseph Honigman
1984-1986
Eugene Kornblum*
1986-1988
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Jeffery Morris
1990-1993
Stuart Hecht*
1993-1996
Evan Yegelwel
1996-1998
Mark Shorstein
1998-2000
Michael Shorstein
2000-2002
Philip Bloom
2002-2004
Seeman Zimmerman
2004-2006
Sandy Zimmerman
2006-2008
Dr. Mitchell Levine
2008-2010
*In Loving Memory
25
===== PAGE 28 =====
Cady Custom Trim
Cady Homes & Remodeling, Inc.
One of North Florida’s premier trim contractors in estate residential and beach front homes. We
provide quality and professional installations of interior custom millwork, complimenting a host of
architectural designs and interior decors of your dreams. Our proven efficiency will challenge even
the most demanding and complex
of projects, providing a finished
product that you will be proud of.
For over 20 years, Cady Flomes has
shown a dedication in promoting
value in good quality work and to
stand apart in the industry as true
Craftsmen in their trade. Among
the many challenges and vast
opportunities in the construction
field, Cady Flomes has and will
continue to bring the lost art of a
finished wood product back to the
hands of professionals.
Curt Cady
President
Ben Cady
Vice President
Serving the Jacksonville area for over 12 years
386-867-4404
cadycustomtrim@gmail.com
www.cadycustomtrim.com
26
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 29 =====
SIMCHAT TORAH HONOREES
Michael Schneider is a Jacksonville native. He and his lovely wife, Barbara, have
three girls - Lisa Schneider, Stefanie Epstein and Ivy Weinstein who is married to Josh
Weingram. They are the proud grandparents of a wonderful grandson, Nathan Weingram.
Michael, a local Board Certified Tax Attorney, is a life-long member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. Over the years, he has been very active having served on our Board of
Directors, as Chairman of the Cemetery and Investment Committees, a Daily Minyan
Captain, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Committee, and provided counsel during the Beth
Shalom Congregation and Jacksonville Jewish Center integration process. He is also very
active in the Jewish and Jacksonville community at-large. One of his proudest moments
was presenting daughter, Lisa, with her New York University Law School Diploma at Madison Square Garden.
Lois Tompkins was bom and raised in Newburgh, New York. She is a graduate of St.
Lawrence University with an undergraduate degree in English and certification as a
secondary English teacher. Lois continued on with graduate courses in Special Education.
In 1982, she moved to Jacksonville where she met her wonderful husband, Bob. They are
the parents of two sons - Ben (25) and Alec (21). Lois is the principal of our Bernard &
Alice Selevan Religious School. Whenever a child stands on the bima and confidently
chants a portion of the service; a teenager shares with her they want to pursue a career
in Jewish Education; or a young parent brings a new child to our Religious School, Lois’
heart swells with pride. She has set up many volunteer activities through the Religious
School and enjoys not only helping others, but teaching children how they can help others at the same time. Lois
also loved being a mitzvah clown and training new clowns; both adults and middle school age teens.
L Daniel Wohl was bom in the Mount Airy section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and moved
to Cheltenham Township in 1969. Summers were spent at Camp Ramah in the Poconos,
; Pennsylvania. Dan is a Pediatric Otolaryngologist (Ear, Nose & Throat) and is very active
in the medical community currently serving as president of the Greater Jacksonville ENT
| Society and as Regional Governor for the American Academy of Otolaryngology - Head
and Neck Surgery Board of Governors. He is also very active at the Jacksonville Jewish
! Center having served as the Men’s Club President for several years and is currently serving
_ as Vice President of the Florida Region of the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs. Dan
is also a member of the Center’s band Kol Train playing the alto and tenor recorders. In
1983, Dan married Cindy Kritz who was lead vocalist in a band and became “lead singer” in his life. They are the
proud and supportive parents of two talented and bright sons - Michael (22) and Mitchell (19). Both boys were
confirmed at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
===== PAGE 30 =====
Special Events
PURIM SHPIEL
On Erev Purim, the Jacksonville Jewish Center presented its first ever Purim Shpiel. A
purim shpiel is a comic dramatization that incorporates the story of the Book of Esther. Purim
Shpielers from our own community co-authored the script that parodied some musical classics.
Audience members didn’t know what to expect when they saw the advertisement for “Avenue
Shu.” Based upon the muppet-centric Broadway Musical Avenue Q, our performance brought
down the house filled with well over 400 people. Starring Count von Count as Haman and
Kermit the Frog as Mordechai, people of all ages raved about the creativity of the lyrics,
the innovative puppeteering, and the musical talents of our congregation. Kudos go to all of our singers,
puppeteers, band members, and set designers: Leslie Blumenfeld, Beth Fleet, Brad Segal, Beth Shorstein,
Cindy Wohl, Dan Wohl, Gayle Bailys, Shirley Bielski, Marilyn Garber, Helen Hill, Leonardo Maiman, Robin
Morris, Lois Tompkins, Dennis Mizrahi, Todd Morse, Aron Zimmerman, and Scott Zimmerman.
28
===== PAGE 31 =====
► Special Events 4
SHABBAT AT SEA
For the weekend of January 19-22,2012, sixty members of our community took a unique voyage aboard the
Carnival Sensation for our first ever Shabbat at Sea. The ship stopped in Nassau, Bahamas, where many of our
passengers enjoyed visiting the sites of another country for the first time! Shabbat services were unforgettable.
We transformed the ship’s Michelangelo’s Lounge into a Makom Kadosh, a holy prayer space. After a lively
Kabbalat Shabbat service featuring Koltrain Light, we enjoyed Shabbat dinner together in the dining room.
Shabbat morning services were even more breathtaking, as our prayer space had an unbelievable view of the
Atlantic Ocean. Ilu Finu Malei Shira Kayam- “Could song fill our mouth as water fills the sea.” We recited
these words as we delved into a traditional Shabbat morning service. Havdalah was equally as powerful, as we
gathered to watch the sunset far off in the distance. Shabbat at Sea enabled all of us on board to get to know
each other better, have some fun, and experience moving prayer in the most unordinary of places.
===== PAGE 32 =====
►— Committees & Organizations
KOLTRAIN
Koltrain (Kol in Hebrew means voice) is the official band of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Comprised of
only synagogue members, Koltrain gives our community the opportunity to see members of the congregation
in new ways. We have active Hebrew School and Day School parents who jazz up every service they are a
part of, instilling a sense of Jewish pride in their children. Koltrain is an eclectic big band with an intimate
flavor. Koltrain combines new melodies with an instrumental service to bring in Shabbat in an interactive and
energetic way.
The group decided to branch out so the talents could be utilized throughout the Jewish calendar year. By
doing a rock service on Sunday mornings, Koltrain has also made it on to the world wide web via Youtube.
Koltrain has played for Sisterhood Luncheons, Pizza in the Hut, CJL events and most notably Jacksonville’s
World of Nations celebration. The Jacksonville Jewish Center would like to invite the entire community to
take a peak at the not-so-hidden gem of Koltrain. For further information regarding Koltrain and all of the
instrumental services at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, please contact Hazzan Jesse Holzer at jesse.holzer@
jaxjewishcenter.org
CHORALE SOCIETY
This year marked the official launch of the JJC Chorale Society, a redesigning of the way we use our choral
groups at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. This allowed for more participation on the High Holidays from a
variety of individuals. We featured new works and new soloists, further developing our Harmonía Octet and
including our youth as soloists. The JJC Chorale Society made its mark on Shabbat and Festivals- enhancing
Hallel, Musaf, and our Yizkor services. The Chorale Society will continue to develop new ways of engaging
the congregation in song. If you or someone you know is interested in becoming more involved musically
within our service, please contact Hazzan Holzer.
30
===== PAGE 33 =====
Committees & Organizations
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
During the year 5772, the Religious Life Community, under the inspirational leadership and support of
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner, has worked to shape and guide the religious tone of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
and has to help promote the clergy’s innovative changes and additions. The complete transliteration of the
Siddur, published as Sh’ma Koleinu, is another example of the clergy’s and Religious Life Community’s
attention to the needs of the Center community.
This past year’s focus has been to address the need for Keruv, or inclusion, policies for the Center, with
the help of the Keruv subcommittee, chaired by Nancy Davis. In addition, the Religious Life Community
has been asked to support the positive changes being implemented in the Bar and Bat Mitzvah program.
Many thanks to our enthusiastic clergy and to the involved members of the Religious Life Community
who have given of their time, insights, and wisdom to benefit the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Community Members
CHAIRPERSON - Beth Shorstein
STAFF LIAISON
- Rabbi Lubliner
Joette Anderson
Sheldon Gendzier
Mitch Levine
Michael Schneider
Philip Bloom
Larry Goldberg
Len Lipkin
Mark Shorstein
Bob Bossen
Phyllis Goldberg
Lenny Magid
Harry Shmunes
Nancy Davis
Ira Grann
Lenny Maiman
Karen Southall
Moti Demri
Michael Greenburg
Kim Miller
Howie Wolpoff
Michael DuBow
Joe Honigman
Steven Mizrahi
Aron Zimmerman
Yakov Feig
Wendy Honigman
Marco Rand
Etta Fialkow
Bruce Horovitz
Avi Rubin
HOUSE COMMITTEE
The House Committee is responsible for the regular maintenance and upkeep of the Center’s building
and grounds, preparation and presentation of estimates for major repairs and improvements to the Finance
Committee and Board of Directors, preparation and enforcement of rules and regulations for the use of the
Congregation’s physical facilities and helps assure that the Congregation meets all local and state regulations.
Over the last year there have been several significant projects. Among them are:
• Partial roof and water proofing renovations to the Sanctuary, Witten Chapel, Spevak Administrative
Wing, Fletcher Selber Auditorium, and Courtyard. The next phases will include the Bernard and Alice
Selevan Religious School, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and the DuBow Preschool.
• Renovations to the administrative offices, hallways, and several class room spaces in the Martin
J. Gottlieb Day School.
• Redesign and refurbishing of the DuBow Preschool public and classroom spaces.
• Updating of the Yegelwel Family pool locker rooms. Additionally, the filtration system has been
brought to standard.
• The grounds have been contracted out to a new landscaper.
• A new walk in freezer has been installed in the Sisterhood Kitchen.
• Several ADA upgrades for accessibility.
CHAIRPERSON
Allan Andrew
Marla Lewis
Claudia Margolis
Committee Members
Howard Wolpoff STAFF LIAISON - Don Kriss
Kimberly Miller Michael Setzer
Steven Mizrahi
Ben Setzer
Heather Thurston
Dana Zaifert
31
===== PAGE 34 =====
32
===== PAGE 35 =====
— Committees & Organizations —
1
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
The Membership Committee at the
Center wishes all of our Center family,
“L’Shana Tovah!” We on the committee
serve as the hosts and hostesses of the
synagogue. Our goal is to try to make
our entire membership feel welcome,
reaching out to unfamiliar faces when
in the building to connect.
This past year, it was a pleasure
to integrate our new friends from
Beth Shalom. We have celebrated
Shabbat together, we have explored the
insights and profound wisdom found
in our Torah text, we have gathered
together as a congregation to make a
difference in our community. We are
a congregational family dedicated to
deepening and enriching our connection
to Judaism.
We came together as family to
celebrate Jewish Holidays, whether it be all ages dancing on Simchat Torah, the Thanksgiving Kesher Service,
our wonderful Purim Shpiel and special dinner, a Latke Palooza, or Shavuot when we welcomed those who
become a Jew by Choice, and so much more.
We came together as family for Social Justice and Environmental Purposes on Community Spruce Up
Day, when members came to “spruce up the JJC property,” or a cruise on the St. Johns River with the River
Keeper, to donate food and other items for those in need through our Donate the Weight Food Drive and
Operation Isaiah.
We came together as family to be entertained by Ramat Gan, an Israeli dance troupe, a Yiddish musical
comedy film Der Purimspiler (The Jester), the Second Annual Laugh Out Loud Shabbat, as well as by Kol
Sasson, an a capella group from the University of Maryland. Many enjoyed the first Shabbat at Sea... and
the list goes on!
We came together as
family to learn in many
classes such as The
Fundamentals of Judaism,
Talmud Study, Coffee and
Torah, Nosh and Drash, and
the always wonderful Safer
Shabbaton.
These were just a few
examples of how we came
together as family and there
will be many more activities
in which to participate in the
New Year. We hope to see
you at many of them!
Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR - Etta Fialkow
STAFF LIAISON - Don Kriss
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Joette Anderson
Vicki Gatewood
Robin Morris
Edie Bellard
Phyllis Goldberg
Penny Powell
Shirley Bielski
Polina Koropova
Esther Raffol
Yefim Brunfon
Carolyn Krestul
Beth Shorstein
Moti Demri
Amy Levinson
Ann Silke
Carole Feldman
Christina Levine
Maura Silverstein
Mary Feldman
Lenny Maiman
Francine Smith
Etta Fialkow
Bob Markowitz
Heather Thurston
Marilyn Garber
Linda Markowitz
Paula Garfinkel
Aliza Morris
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
Shorstein & Kelly
ATTORNEYS AT LAW, P.A.
THE ADOPTION PROFESSIONALS
Michael A. Shorstein and Brian T. Kelly - exclusively practicing in the field of adoptions.
V Matching and placement services V Identified adoptions
V Interstate (ICPC) adoptions V Grandparent, stepparent and relative adoptions
Creating families through successful adoptions is our goal.
BEST WISHES FORA HAPPY NEW YEAR!
//A
Fellows of the
American Academy of
Adoption Attorneys
SAVES
We welcome your referrals.
Jacksonville Office: 3821 Atlantic Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32207 • (904) 348-6400
Daytona Office: 1540 Cornerstone Blvd., Suite 200, Daytona Beach, FL 32117 * (386) 673-1234
Fax: (904) 348-6424 • Adoption@ShorsteinKelly.com
ADOPTION LAW
www.Adoption-USA.com
AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
Combining Voice, Data & Video
ARE YOU TIRED OF PAYING THOSE HIGH MONTHLY
COMMUNICATIONS BILLS? ASK ABOUT OUR FREE AUDIT
ANALYSIS OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS BILL
VOICE OVER IP/SERVER BASED SYSTEMS
HOSTED VIRTUAL COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE
UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS
SECURITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT
VOICE & DATA/FIBER CABLING
TOSHIBA
Star2Star
COMMUNICA T / O N 5
o
h
O'
£
-p
>
o
N*
Cesu
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Communications Engineer
Over 41 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
904-363-0033
6684 Columbia Park Drive South • Suite 1 • Jacksonville, FL 32258
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
website: www.aiconverge.com email: sstrumlauf@aicconverge.com
34
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 37 =====
P— Committees & Organizations —4
HESED COMMUNITY 5773
The Hesed committee’s mission is to offer help and comfort to our Center members and families during
challenging times. Hesed Committee members help Center members who are ill or homebound, or who have lost
a loved one, by sending get-well cards and condolence cards, making phone calls, making visits or sending home-
cooked meals. Transportation is provided on occasion, as well.
Our newest initiative is the Care and Comfort Box. This is a package of assorted items that is delivered in person
to a newly bereaved congregant, within the first month or two of his or her loss. Our committee has enthusiastically
embraced this project, suggested to us by Andrea Olitzsky. In addition, the committee continues to support the
delivery of meals to parents of newborns. Many thanks to our hardworking members.
CHAIR -
Committee Members
Beth Shorstein STAFF LIAISON
- Lois Tompkins
Judy Arroyo
Andrea Hernandez
Rachel Morgenthal
Jennifer DeBardeleben
Dena Heyman
Robin Morris
Bob Bossen
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Andrea Olitzky
Naomie Bossen
Edith Horovitz
Penny Powell
Debbie Charpiat
Marcia Howard
Andy Raitt
Charles Davis
Marcelle Karstaedt
Robin Rand
Sandy Driben
Sylvia Lubliner
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Larry Mendlow
Karen Southall
Rhoda Goldstein
Jack Mizrahi
Sheree Spriggs
JJC GREENTEAM
CHAIR - Claudia Margolis STAFF LIAISON - Lori Schoettler
What a great year the GreenTeam had. We helped build a garden, we experimented with serving organic foods
at Kiddush, we had the RiverKeeper come speak on Shabbat, we enjoyed a RiverKeeper Cruise, and we’re helping
the Center recycle even more than ever before.
This adventure certainly is an exciting one that touches everyone at the Center, but being “green” isn’t really
something new for us as Jews. As Rabbi Lubliner has said: “the principles of GreenFaith.org are an integral part
of Judaism.” It’s so easy to do little things on our own, such as recycling, being water and waste conscious, or
purchasing locally grown foods, but when we do them as a congregation we are able to make an even greater impact.
So, yes we have come far in our quest to become more “green”, but there will always be new things to learn,
fun ways to become more “eco-friendly”, new technologies that will be “greener and cleaner”. We hope that
you will enjoy the journey as much as we are. If you are interested in joining the GreenTeam, please email us at
jjcgreenteam201 l@gmail.com.
GreenFaith
Certification Program
35
===== PAGE 38 =====
Y- Committees & Organizations -<
SOCIAL ACTION
As I step into the position as Social Action Community chair, I am aware of how much there is to do in order
to fulfill our mission. The dedicated committee has been interested in feeding the hungry through Operation Isaiah,
seeing to those who are in need of a smiling face by doing art projects at Brooks Rehab and helping the Jacksonville
Jewish Center at our second annual Community Service Day. There is so much more to do.
At Rosh Hashanah, we collect food for the JFCS Pantry with our Donate The Weight Campaign. We ask that
you recycle your magazines and books by donating them to Baptist South so those who find themselves there as
patients can have something to read to pass the hours or days. We are asking for items to be donated to the Teacher
Depot and have scheduled Sundays at Sulzbacher Center when we can prepare and serve dinner.
There is so much more to be done and we are looking forward to a year in which each congregant will be
involved in at least one mitzvah project. There will be drives and hands on projects and something for each one of
us to participate in. Several different groups at the Center are involved in mitzvah projects and need the support of
you, our congregants.
1 look forward to your suggestions and support and together we can help each other and help to make our world a
better place. Meetings are scheduled for the 2nd Wednesday evening of each month at 7:30 p.m. and each of you are
welcome to join us. We are currently scheduled to be
at Sulzbacher Center on October 14, December 16,
February 17, April 14 and June 16. We are happy to
be able to bring Danny Siegel to spend several days
with us next spring for our Shabbaton weekend. We
look forward to spending time with Danny Siegel and
going into our community to perform mitzvot.
SAC CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Rabbi Olitzky
36
===== PAGE 39 =====
V- Communities & Organizations -A
ill h mm ■ ■■ ■■i mmmmm mm - mu ■
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
We are now reviewing the classes and our
annual Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton with
great pride. Our clergy offered many informative
classes in Torah Studies, Talmud, Music and Liturgy,
as well as current events. We offered a monthly film
series, Hebrew reading and conversation classes,
trop class, and a new adult B’nai Mitzvah class.
Meditation and Yoga continue, and Hazzan Holzer
organized a wonderful “Shabbat at Sea” cruise. We
co-sponsored a Sisterhood Shabbaton, featuring
Lisa Kogen. The congregation thoroughly enjoyed
the Ramat Gan dancers, an amazing group of teens
from Israel, who entertained and taught us.
This year’s Louis and Marilyn Safer Shabbaton offered an education through “unlearning.” We learned
more about being Jewish through the unlearning of some misconceptions of Islam.
Our Adult Education Community has grown this year with new members joining our already motivated
group of committed individuals.
I would like to give a special todah to Lois Tompkins, who organizes, schedules and is ultimately responsible
for all of the fine details that make our Shabbaton and our Adult Education Community run so smoothly. Thanks
to our incredible clergy and the administrative staff of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, our programs offer the
best topics and subject matters to promote learning in our community. I would also like to welcome as my co¬
chairperson, Andrea Raitt, who I am looking forward to working with this coming year.
Wishing you a sweet, peaceful and healthy new year.
Shana Tovah,
Kimberly Miller
Committee Members
CO-CHAIRS: Kim Miller and Andrea Raitt
STAFF LIAISON: Lois Tompkins
Sandi Driben
Mimi Kaufman
Lea Gabbay
Karen Morse
Wendy Honigman
Kvm Newlyn
Joe Honigman
Beth Oberlander
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Rabbi Martin Sandberg
Dorri Kraus
Helen Shacter
Marty Kaufman
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
►- Communities & Organizations -i
1
.v -i 1
; W'^' 4 i.
PP j
■** •
38
===== PAGE 41 =====
Communities & Organizations ~^§
IT WAS A GREAT YEAR TO BE IN SISTERHOOD!
Kim Glasgal
Sisterhood President
The new Sisterhood
board and members
would like to thank
and congratulate the
previous board for
its inspiring work the
last two years. We
accomplished goals
we set out early in our
terms and are happy
to report that last year
was an extremely
active and productive
year.
The mission of
Sisterhood is to support
Conservative Judaism, support Conservative Jews
and perform mitzvot in our community and around
the world. How did we do that this past year?
• Our dues and fundraisers provided support for
youth camps, USY on wheels, Youth group
programs, our Center schools and the
Sisterhood Kitchen;
• We had engaging educational Hot Topic
discussions about subjects ranging from
Interfaith Marriages to Who is a jew?;
• We were able to purchase a new walk-in freezer
for the Sisterhood kitchen
Past Presidents Council
Sybil Ansbacher, Gayle Bailys, Shirley Bielski,
Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Annetta Komblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg,
Maxine Romo, Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler,
Shirley Schinasi*, Beth Shorstein,
Blanche Slott, Lara Werwa
*In Blessed Memory
• We made scarves for needy adults and children;
• We collected for local agencies - food, games,
books, toiletries, even nail polish;
• We raised $18,000 for JTS through our Torah
Fund Campaign;
• We brought in fabulous speakers, including the
Women’s League Educator, Lisa Cogen, and
our own dynamo, Donna Orender;
• We baked hamantaschen for the schools and
provided volunteers at the Purim Carnival;
• We made leagrams and delivered flowers to
make joyous occasions a little more special;
• We even learned how to belly dance!
(okay this last one may not seem to support the
mission above, but it was in keeping with the
spirit of Purim!)
On top of all that, we had social events, such as
the Not-so-Newlywed game and game parties. These
social events serve to make us feel that much more at
home in our community.
Thank you Lara Werwa and the 2011-2012 Board
for making it all happen!
This year we will continue to work (and play)
to support our community - be a part of it! Please
join us at any of the events we have planned for this
year. Check out jjcsisterhood.com - we have many
changes coming!!
OFFICERS
President
Treasurer
Kim Glasgal
Joanne Rosenberg
Vice President of
Financial Secretary
Education
Stevie Levine
Vera Benjamin
Vice President of
Recording Secretary
Lita Poehlman
Programming
Rhoda Goldstein
Social Secretary
Robin Allerdins
Vice President ot
Social Media
Z’Havah Chairs
Jeanine Hoff
Maura Silverstein
and Karianne Jaffa
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
Communities & Organizations -A
40
===== PAGE 43 =====
v- Communities & Organizations
CENTER MEN’S CLUB - 5773
Harry Peltz
Center Men’s Club President
“Involving Jewish
Men in Jewish Life”
It is my honor to serve
as the President of the
JJC Men’s Club. My
family has been a member
of the Jacksonville
Jewish community for
one hundred years! The
Jacksonville Jewish
Center Men’s Club is an
organization dedicated to
the enrichment of Center
life and the Jacksonville
Jewish community. The
Men’s Club provides an opportunity for our Center men
to work together supporting, sponsoring, and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving
Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international organization
dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center
participation have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and
Honorable Mention Torch Awards from FJMC in years past,
and our Yad Shel Chai program is now being implemented in
Men’s Clubs across the nation. We participate in a wide range
of FJMC programs and activities such as distributing Yellow
Holocaust Memorial candles so that every congregant can
honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and
World Wide Wrap which brings together congregants, clergy
and Center youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the
mitzvah of wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life)
and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize our youth
for reading Torah in our synagogue services and building on
the success of the Yad Shel Chai program. The Men’s Club
Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to
one Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life
commitment necessary to bring a quality learning experience
to Jewish children. We provide a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th
graders that complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and
raise funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend
Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who
otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well as
our regional Jewish community. Our members regularly get
together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball, touch
football games or perform community service activities. One
of our highlights is the opportunity to prepare meals at The
I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the Homeless. This past year, we
have gone on kayaking, hiking, and co-sponsored a comedy
improv night with Sisterhood. We have had opportunities
to meet with local Jewish celebrities and have had family
outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball games and other
local community sporting events. In the Fall, our annual
Membership Kickoff Party features fun, food, raffles and the
opportunity to schmooze with friends while we watch the
Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the big screen
TV. We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Throughout the year, Men’s Club members help with Sukkot,
Purim and Lag B’Omer programs. We lead and participate
in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. We
are your children’s teachers, your community volunteers and
your spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at least
18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community. I firmly believe that the Center Men’s
Club offers something for
everyone. So come on out and
join us for an activity this year. I i
think you’ll enjoy supporting our
Jacksonville Jewish community
and spending quality time with
other guys just like you!
MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
2nd Vice President
Harry L. Peltz
Mark Levine
1 st Vice President
Secretary
Allan Andrew
Bruce Stark
Treasurer
Martin Levine
Board Members
Past Presidents
Moti Demri
Neil Gordon
Steve Gross
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Mike Herring
Dave Schmerer
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Bob Feigelson
Ken Organes
Dr. Daniel Wohl
George Rubens
Dr. Jeff Sandler
Randall Smith
Neil Gordon
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
4456 Sunbeam Road
Suite 200
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Residential • Commerical • Industrial
Repairs
Watson Plumbing
The Watson Way
CFC 057664 (904) 737-6337
fax (904) 899-6827
A Division ofWatson Maintenance Services, Inc. www.watson-plumbing.com
BUY LOW - SELL HIGH!
Tired of the same old advice?
Let us show you how Alternative Investments and the latest techniques in Professional
Money Management can properly position your portfolio for optimal performance.
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Balotin's - Scott, Ellen, Casey, and Parker
Sign up for our free newsletter at:
news letteríüJílissercapi tal, com
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Advisor
(904) 730-7442 direct • (866) 730-7442 toll-free
scott@diggercapital.com
www.DiggerCapital.com
42
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 45 =====
►— Committees & Organizations
BOY SCOUT TROOP 14
Every year is a great year for
troop #14 of the North Florida
Council, the only Jewish Troop in
Northeast Florida. As it enters its
ninety-second year, it continues to
be a vibrant part of youth activities
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
All campouts begin with Friday
night services, with lighting of
the Shabbat candles, and continue
with services on Saturday morning.
Scouts learn not only outdoor
skills, like camping and hiking,
but also leadership skills, and
the importance of service to our
community.
We are open to all young males
between the age of 11 and 18 years
who are interested in adventure.
Please contact Jeff Sandler for
more information.
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
Serving the Jacksonville Community for over 40 years!
Proud to he the Exclusive Caterer for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
“Simple to Elegant, Affordable for All”
*Bris / Baby Namings * Bar/Bat Mitzvah * Weddings *Shiva Meals
*Delicious Meals to Go for Shahhat, Holidays or all Special Events
* Birthday *Anniversary *Bar / Bat Mitzvahs * Wedding Cakes
*Cupcakes *Cookies *Brownies and More
(Alt Available Pareve or Dairy)
Call us today to make your special event truly special!
268-4200, Ext. 142 or 130
margoscateringCaaol. com www. margoskoshercatering.com
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with Wonderful Celebrations!
Under the Strict Kashrut Supervision of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
44
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Zachary Chad Rubens Terran William Severs
October 7,2010 August 4,2011
Parents: Cara & Joshua Rubens Parents: Sumalai & Noah Severs
Grandparents: Grandparents: Nancie & Mark Severs
Ellen & George Rubens Great-grandmother: Beverly Goldstein
Russell Levi Israel
November 10, 2011
Parents: Arlene & Jason Israel
Grandparents: Ann & Leon Silke
Noah Henry Gonzalez
September 28, 2011
Parents: Katie & Heath Gonzalez
Rebecca Laura Davis
February 1, 2012
Parents: Dr. Jennifer Henle
& Douglas Davis
Grandparents:
Judy & Stephen Davis
Nora Layne Witten
Feburary 4, 2012
Parents: Julie & Jonathan Witten
Grandparents:
Sharon & Bruce Witten
904.398.7668
PHOTOART
Exceptional Photography
Heirloom PhotoArt ® Albums
Superior Photo Booth Rentals
www.DanHarrisPhotoArt.com
Impreggiotis
1957 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD
JACKSONVILLE
396-6195
CRANE
PERSONALIZED
STATIONERY & INVITATIONS
CALLIGRAPHY
WEDDING INVITATIONS
& ANNOUNCEMENTS
PAR & BAT MITZVAH INVITATIONS
BIR TH ANNOUNCEMENTS
RANDEE STEINBERG SHARI SAYE
impressionssanmarco. com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
cStzstdon D^ajjtan PPÍz.
When the world seems to big
and you don't know which way to turn...
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
Since 1973
Tiimbli
5253
Qgnutaotico, ^JumMing <£ 3-itneoó
clccaóeo fia* Jlida
Qxitt fxvc tullí cicló*.
C£aa¿ Space ia fímited
1
1
IF-r-
Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Familes
3601 Hendricks Avenue
FL. Lie. PY0002334
396-2666
Ctge 16 month to
££ementcvtg School Clge
ttiinifuLuj IPaxtieo aoailaMo
Conveniently located in Julington Creek area off Race Track Rd.
next to Mark Spivak’s Dance Extension
For schedule and forms please visit
markspivak.com
Discount applied to Mark Spivak’s Institute & Dance Extension students
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
230-6291/230-7778
mank spfoak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Mornings & Nights All Levels - 3 to Adult
BALLET• POINTE Preschool Combo Classes 'GYMNASTICS
CHARACTER for 3-5 year olds 'ACROBATICS
JAZZ • TAP +:. _ • CHEER DANCE
HIP HOP'MODERN
PRIVATE CLASSES
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos. - 2V2 yrs. old
SUMMER CAMP
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
MANDARIN
268-3583
3740 San Jose Place
Behind Carrabba's Italian Grill
JULINGTON CREEK PLANTATION
230-7778
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
Corner -Racetrack & Flora Branch
FRUIT COVE
287-4619
774 N. State Rd. 13,1/2 mile
south of Julington Creek Bridge
46
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Vered Ida Stember
February 15, 2012
Parents: Shira & Doron Stember
Grandparents: Robin & Jeffery Morris
Great-grandmothers: Sonya Morris
& Bess Saliman
Milly Jane Hedrick
March 20, 2012
Parents: Faye & Dan Hedrick
Grandmother: Rozie Hecht
Great Grandmother: Sylvia Hecht
Mia Finley Campbell
April 2,2012
Parents: Marla & David Campbell
Grandparents:
Dr. & Mrs. Mandell Stearman
Antia Lily Safer
April 30, 2012
Parents: Dede & Mathew Safer
Grandparents:
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Elior Goldfield-Sadot
May 1,2012
Parents:
Michal & Daniel Goldfield-Sadot
Grandparents :
Marilynn & Ira Goldfield
Nicole Marisa Shapiro
May 1,2012
Sandy & Craig Shapiro
Grandmother: Etta Fialkow
THE
Wells ft dreW
COMPANIES
Certified Mohel -bma
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak
ENGRAVERS X PRINTERS
Serving North, Central and West Florida
■■I
Since 1S55
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
Randy Houser, President
P.O. Box 10554 • Jacksonville, FL 32247
118 Willow Bend Lane Tel: 386-673-5535
Street Address: 3414 Galilee Road (32207)
Ormond Beach, FL 32174 Fax: 386-671-2613
904-399-1510 • Fax 904-399-1884
).Jli
Toll Free 800-342-8636
randyh@wellsdrew.com
www.floridamohel.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
47
===== PAGE 50 =====
Amt/nm
StEüñ_niaÁt
RENTALS, LLC
PHONE 904-739-1312
FAX 904-731-9127
SALES@KIRBYTENTJAX.COM
% r
8051 BAYBERRY ROAD
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
WWW.KIRBYTENT.COM
TENTS
TABLES
CHAIRS
LINEN
CATERING
EQUIPMENT
&
MORE
Fashion
at discount prices
more everyday
low prices and
extraordinary values
Hiuy & Service Rolex
g¿|/e buy gold at market price
fcwWatch repair, jewelry repair
• Custom designers, appraisers
¡ i >
EWELERS
“Family Jewelers Since 1972
PONTE VEDRA
355 Marsh Landing Pkwy (904) 280-7700
MANDARIN
9825 San Jose Blvd.
«i
* <
FRUIT COVE
450 State Road 13N.
(904) 268-7975
(904) 287-0035
w w w.esplingj ewelers.com
90 DAYS SAME AS CASH
Lakewood I Roosevelt I Mandarin I Beaches
Baymeadows I Harbour Village
1-888-Stein Mart I www.steinmart.com
48
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
BABIES
Lily Pop Ansbacher
May 15,2012
Parents: Lisa & Barry Ansbacher
Grandmother: Sybil Ansbacher
Hannah Sophia Rostholder
May 15,2012
Parents:
Emily & Erik Rostholder
Grandparents:
Phyllis & Larry Goldberg
Levi Andrew Rubens
May 15,2012
Parents: Cara & Joshua Rubens
Grandparents:
Ellen & George Rubens
Amelia Rebecca Zee Batya Yaela Menaged
June 15,2012
Parents: Natalie & Eli Menaged
Grandparents:
Kathy & Morrie Osterer
919 Kino Street
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
904,387. 1 955
ITa y an A qa»7 9 *1 n*!
r A a y LJ • «3 o / « z» I LJ «J
C ATERINeBYLlZ.COM
pv
J
ano
ENTERTAINMENT
Bar/Bat Mitzvah’s, Weddings & The Love Story.
Anyone Can Play Music, We Entertain!
(904) 880-7887
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
Linens
Event Planning • Audio Visual • Tents • Video Production
Event Photography • Floral Design • Decor Props • Tradeshows
Casino Parties • Concert Production • Video Conferencing
Entertainment • Linens • Tables & Chairs • Dance Floors
904.398.8179 • 1819 Kings Ave Jacksonville, Florida 32207
50
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 53 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Rebecca Idlene Nathans
September 2 & 3, 2011
Parents: Alyse & Alan Nathans
Samantha Leigh Katzin
September 9 & 10, 2011
Parents: Heidi Davis
& Richard Katzin
Jordan Levine
October 28 & 29, 2011
Parents: Karren & Bradley Levine
Ryan Louis Mizrahi
November 11 & 12, 2011
Parents: Mauri & Alan Mizrahi
Grandparents: Judy & Eddie Mizrahi,
Bunny & Ed Witten
Great Grandparents: Roz & Elliott Horovitz
Jared Michael Plotkin
December 9 & 10, 2011
Parents: Jennifer & Rick Plotkin
Grandparents: Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Avichai Lubliner
January 13 & 14, 2012
Parents: Susan & Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Grandmother: Sylvia Lubliner
Alexander Wajsman
January 27 & 28, 2012
Parents: Paige & lian Wajsman
Liam Wirsansky
February 3 & 4, 2012
Parents:
Eyal Wirsansky & Jacqueline Warshaw
Aaron Kitay
& Michael Kitay
February 17 & 18, 2012
Parents: Debbie Banks & Garry Kitay
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
Flower s)
3802 Beach Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32207
SINCE 1947
904 398-8601
All Major Credit Cards Accepted
WWW.KUHNFLOWERS.COM
Susan VuBow
& Nancy Lantinberg
VJ
'Weddings
*BarlB*t "Mitzvahs
Special Occasions
904-955-8800
or
04-716-9797
52
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Sam Goldstein
February 24 & 25, 2012
Parents: Laura & Fred Goldstein
Benjamin Miller
March 2 & 3, 2012
Parents: Melissa Miller & Scott Miller
Grandfather: Howard Roey
Talya Esther Miller
Maryland
March 11, 2012
Parents: Melissa & Chad Miller
Grandparents: Harriet & Ernie Brodsky
Jennifer Rachel Gordon
April 27 & 28, 2012
Parents: Minda & Neil Gordon
Haskell Bennett Zimmerman
May 18 & 19, 2012
Parents: Chase & Morrie Zimmerman
Grandparents: Elyne & Charles Zimmerman
Joey Plotkin Julia Tamar Plotkin
Jerusalem, Israel Jerusalem, Israel
July 30, 2012 July 30, 2012
Parents: Cheryl & Jay Plotkin Parents: Jennifer & Rick Plotkin
Grandparents: Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin Grandparents: Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
a fantasy
in fl®wers
/?*■
904-268-7022
susan@afantasyinflowers.com
110 Cumberland Park Drive. Suite 108
(Right off CR 210}
Saint Augustine, Florida 32095
www.fantasyflowersjax.com
Wedding Wire
Bride’s Choice
Awards
i tit It it it
2012
BEST OF
BRIDE
WINNER
Photo & Designi Christy Whitehead
54
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
WEDDINGS
Rachel Rosner and Jesse Gabriel
September 4, 2011
Parents: Ellen & Alan Rosner
Grandfather: Jack Rosner
Joy Gottlieb and Matty Irvin
October 1, 2011
Married in Amelia Island, FL
Parents: Debbie & Mel Gottlieb
■
BEACHVIEW
1TT4' event rentals 8c design
912-510-3800 GA | 904-381-8554 FL
BEACHVIEW.NET
UNPARALLELED EVENT DESIGN
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
55
===== PAGE 58 =====
Enza's Italian Restaurant
“Authentic Italian Food”
“Authentic Italian Hospitality”
Call us for catering too
Catered Events in our Banquet Room
Enza and Mike Huff
Owners
www.enzas.net
MANDARIN LANDING SHOPPING CENTER
10601 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: 904-268-4458
Fax: 904-268-4782
twist
Mobile Mixology
leverage Catering Jor Private and Corporate Junctions
All you need for a stress-free event!
Reserve gour date to dag for all goar celebrations
www.olivrtwist.com (906) 20-6858
56
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
Darleen Cafasso and Kevin Kaplan
October 15, 2011
Married in Hilton Head Island, SC
Parents: Harriet & Sheldon Kaplan
Debra Dorman and Gerald Mixon
November 11, 2011
Married in Jacksonville, FL
Parents: Janis & Dave Dorman
TALLIS
PHOTOGRAPHY
LARRY TALLIS
www.tallisphoto.com
904.373.0173
larry@tallisphoto.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
57
===== PAGE 60 =====
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
Hope Courtney Axelrod and Carey Allan Heller
December 3, 2011
Mother: Ava Axelrod
Esther Rivka Yegelwel and Michael Thomas Raffol
December 31,2011
Parents: Arlene & Evan Yegelwel
Michelle Lawner and Aron Greenburg
February 12, 2012
Married in Hollywood, FL
Parents: Chary & Michael Greenburg
Annie Levenson and Peter Ganong
February 19, 2012
Married in Jacksonville, FF
Parents: llene & Jeff Fevenson
58
===== PAGE 61 =====
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
Rebecca Fay Shapiro and Jonathan Daniel Pearlson
March 11, 2012
Married in Miami Beach, FL
Mother: Michelle Shapiro
Concetta Rini and Jonathan Rand
May 5, 2012
Boca Raton, FL
Parents: Robin & Marco Rand
Barbara “Gail” Baron and Neil Burton Baron
June 7, 2012
Renewal of Vows - 25th Wedding Anniversary
Lauren Yontef and Adam Rosner
June 17,2012
Cedar Grove, NJ
Parents: Ellen & Alan Rosner
Grandfather: Jack Rosner
Rose Sher and Jeremy Soso
June 24, 2012
Married in New Orleans, LA
Grandparents: Rita & Harold Baumgarten
59
===== PAGE 62 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE DWAYNE MOORE
President Vice President
Florida’s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
sonthernmonunient@bellsouth.net
60
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 63 =====
Burial and Mourning
CENTER CEMETERIES
The Center manages three cemetery locations, in and adjacent to Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Each are open until 5pm every day except Shabbat
and Jewish Holidays.
To reach the New Cemetery, also known as Jacksonville Jewish Center Memorial
Park, travel North on Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on 43rd Street. The entrance
is at the next right, which is Liberty Street. The “Old Cemetery” and the Beth Shalom
section are both located within Evergreen Cemetery. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel
north on Main Street to Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and follow the
road until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Beth Shalom
section, enter through Gate 5 and take the red brick road to the right. Follow and bear to
the left onto Cummer Drive and continue until the road ends (.4 miles). The Beth Shalom
cemetery will be on your right.
The cemetery committee has been hard at work to maintain the grounds of the
cemeteries. Over the course of this past year, much work was put in to maintain and
beautify the grounds and to implement the new management software.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the memory
wall located in the Hannah Setzer Memorial Hall, and a tribute in the annual Yizkor
booklets. You may also learn more about purchasing individual and family plots through
the Center’s website and by contacting the office. Additionally, contributions can be made
to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to
enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 2012-2014
CHAIRPERSON
Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON
Don Kriss
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Mike Lissner
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 2012-2014
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President / Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
HARDAGE-GIDDENS FUNERAL
HOMES AND CEMETERIES
Serving the Jewish Community in accordance with Jewish Law,
with separate Tahara facilities for the Jewish Community.
904-346-3808
4115 Hendricks Avenue • Jacksonville, Florida
It happens. Suddenly cemetery
arrangements have to be made
and no one knows what his loved
one “would have wanted.” Then,
the arguing begins. You can prevent
this happening to your family by
calling Evergreen Cemetery today.
Sometimes
keeping the peace
means planning
ahead.
For over 100 years, Evergreen has
been helping Jacksonville families
plan ahead with a variety of
cemetery products, services and
payment options. Help keep the
peace in your family. Come in or
call Evergreen Cemetery today.
C E MÍ'E T E R Y
Evergreen Cemetery 4535 Main Street, Jacksonville,FL 32206 353-3649
62
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 65 =====
Lifecycle Events
DEARLY DEPARTED
Arthur Segal
September 6, 2011
Stanley Wadler
February 6,2011
Michael Donziger
March 21, 2011
Efet Davidova
July 3, 2012
Rhoda Eisenberg Mendlow
September 10, 2011
Judith Greenspoon
February 16, 2011
Marilyn Kupperman
March 29,2011
Ruth Fagan
July 11,2012
Selma Shuman
September 23, 2011
Paula Lerner
February 24, 2011
Joel Goldman
May 4, 2012
Phyllis Sinton Fried
August 7, 2012
Yetta “Tootsie” Backer
September 28, 2011
Shirley Schinasi
February 27, 2011
Leyb Kletsman
May 23, 2012
Jack Dittman
August 9, 2012
Martha Savage
October 1,2011
Barry Dacks
February 29, 2011
A1 Schneider
May 26,2012
Doll Davis
August 10, 2012
Beatrice Scharf
October 1,2011
Saul Spiwak
March 4,2011
Martin Loss
June 14, 2011
Stacy Hartwell
August 15, 2012
Maxine Funk
October 18,2011
Dan Hackel
March 10,2011
Eric Meier
June 28,2012
*As ofAuust 20, 2012
Northside
4747 Main Street
Jacksonville, FL 32206
Phone 355-9545
3L
anil &0tt
Funeral Homes
George H. Hewell II
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
Southside
4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 737-4855
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
63
===== PAGE 66 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Elayne and Marty Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
64
===== PAGE 67 =====
In Memoriam
ft
In Loving Memory of
Stuart Hecht': Milton Hechf
Sylvia, Larry, Rose
Benjamin, Jacob
Rozie, Faye, Dan and Milly
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Wilbur Margol
You are always in our hearts.
Marilyn
Rodney & Lee Lonnie & Dane
Kim & David Wendy & Fred
and all their grandchildren
===== PAGE 69 =====
In Memoriam
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
jr ~w • y • i i • 7
//rs Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott, Maureen
Reid, Suzette, Ryan, Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie, Mathew & Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Lance Cohen
Stan Cohen
Beloved Son
and Brother
Devoted
Husband and Father
You will always be loved, missed and in our hearts forever.
Nancy, Brian and Miri
67
===== PAGE 70 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father, grandfather
great-grandfather and friend.
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett and Rachel
In Loving Memory of
Norman P. Freedman
Beloved Husband, Father and Grandfather.
“There are stars up above, so far away we only
see their light long, long after the star itself is
gone. And so it is with people that we loved;
their memories keep shining ever brightly
though their time with us is done. ”
Carol, Michael, Karen, Barney,
Grace and Hope Freedman
68
===== PAGE 71 =====
In Loving Memory of
S. William “Bill” Goldstein’
A very special husband, father and grandfather.
Beverly Goldstein
Jeffrey & Doris Goldstein
Ellen, Max & Aliza
Nancie & Mark Severs
Aaron, David, Noah & Terrin William Sumalai
Janet Goldstein & lian
Lynn & Lenny Maiman
Faye, Neil & Elana
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Herbert Robert Kolb
Beloved Husband, Father
and Grandfather ■BSr «■
We will always remember you with
the deepest love and gratitude.
Lottie Kolb
Edward, Millie, Sam & Jonathan Tannen
wmmm m • wmmm - m - mm - wJ
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elyne Moss
Rosanne, Andy
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kauss
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Helene and Daniel Pollan
‘Love give us wings to soar above it all. *
We love and miss you!
Art & Loretta Pollan, Stephen Pollan
Edward Pollan and Irv Pollan and
Grandchildren Adina, Adria, Jason
Megan, Rebekah and Jakob
*Sara Atzmon, Hungarian Holocaust survivor
70
===== PAGE 73 =====
u
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of Our
Fathers, Grandfathers & Great Grandfathers
Jerry Zucker
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
Anita, Jeffrey, Jessica
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy Eli & Gabriella Eden Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas, Stella Rachel, Daisy Fay &
Jerry Mordechai Muzin
In Loving Memory of
Leigh Brody
In Loving Memory of
Beloved Husband, Father & Papa Leigh
Rose & Morse Epstein
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Michele Susan Levitt
Gloria Brody
Betty & Samuel Kersun
Scott & Allison Brody
Lillie, Joe & Aidan
Judith Lieberman
Faye & Steven Mizrahi
Hannah & Eli
Michael and Mimi Kersun
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Julius Fletcher
Debbye Lorenzo
Charlotte, Dale
Gary, Sandi
Brad & Todd Fletcher
Juan & Jason Lorenzo
Michele D.
Herman Goldstein
Loving daughter taken well before
her time by religious fanatics.
Never forget September 11, 2001.
You will always be in our hearts
Dad Rafael Herman
Annete Herman Marsa
Michael Marsa
Jacob Marsa
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Anna Glickstein Pilton
Always a part of our lives.
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly & Gordon Silva
Allen Ruby
Paula Warner
In Loving Memory of
Sol & Use Gottlieb
Sidney and Anne Rubens
Marty Gottlieb
The Gottlieb Family
72
===== PAGE 75 =====
In Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Ranit Krinsky Lubliner
Martin H. Setzer
Estelle Heilman Krinsky
Devoted Fathers
and Grandfathers
Rabbi Immanuel Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan &
Ellen and Barry Setzer
Dena Setzer
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior and Itamar
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Jack Huttner
& Grandparents
Ben Gottlieb
Blanche & Sam Marks
Hannah Furman
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Irving Furman
Gail, Paul
& Liza Furman
and Sylvia Gottlieb
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda &
Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
73
===== PAGE 76 =====
1
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
Janice Meisel'"'
A Devoted Wife, Mother
Daughter and Friend
You will live in our hearts forever.
Mother Doreen Goodman
Husband Steve
Children Deborah and Michael
In Loving Memory of
David Mizrahi
Beloved Husband, Dad & Papa
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Judith B. Mizrahi
Steven and Faye Mizrahi
Hannah and Eli
Ronald and Amy Mizrahi
Mordechai, Hanna and Raphael
Dennis and Betsy Mizrahi
Rachel and Evelyn
In Loving Memory of
Our Dear Brother
David Mizrahi
Debby and Alan Katz
Ginette and Charles Mizrahi
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Evelyn & Ralph Mizrahi
Ginette & Charles Mizrahi
Judith B. Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Sonya & Jan Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daren Joshua, Shana Leslie
Daniel Aron & Emily
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Aliza Danielle & Zachary Asher
Shira, Doron, Noa Sylvia
& Vered Ida Stember
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
Jerald & Karen Morris
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Beloved Wife, Mother
and Grandmother
Jack Price
Ned & Sue Price
Lewis, Genna, Christopher
& Brittney
Larry & Susan Price Zenick
Melissa & Anton Equagun
Kingsley and Jonah
Sho shana
Michael Price
David and Elana
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Judy Price
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishier
Jerry & Florence Schemer
In Loving Memory of
Saul Scharf Father
Beatrice Scharf Mother
Nollie Hinton Father
Burt Aptheker Uncle
Sylvia Aptheker Aunt
Hari Scharf Uncle
Edward Hodz Uncle
Blanche Scharf Aunt
Michael & Janet Scharf
75
===== PAGE 78 =====
f¡
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Louis Leon Schemer
Lillian Spanier Schemer
Irving Legum
Clara Bell Spanier
Tessie Spanier Sacks
Rose Spanier Schwartz
Miriam Schwartz Hollins
Melvin Hollins
Herbert Irving Schwartz
Peggy Schemer Sussman
Morris Schemer
Dorothy S. Legum
n
In Loving Memory of
Max & Ida Spitz
Harry & Celia Slott
Louis Slott
Harriette & Abe Levin
Miriam & Ben Edwards
Sidney Berkowitz
Fanny & Charles Rubenstein
Blanche Slott
Rene, Marvin & Chuck
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Schneider
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Barbara and Michael Schneider
Lisa and Stefanie
Ivy, Joshua and
Nathan Jack Weingram
Our Special Sweet
Memory of
Jeanne and Max Taffet
Bertha and Hymie Selber
Byron Selber
Ina and Alan Taffet
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Sadie & David Barnett
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Herman Barnett
Sybil Ansbacher
Barry & Lisa Ansbacher
Lawrence Ansbacher
Nicole Ansbacher
Richard & Terry Ansbacher
In Loving Memory of my Beloved Husband,
our Beloved Fathers,
Grandfathers and Great-Grandfathers
Barry C. Dacks
George M. Bernstein
Murray R. Dacks
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson
Brenna and Jack Dacks
In Memory of our
beloved Parents, our dear departed
family members, and our very
special friends. They are
very missed and always in our hearts.
Rita and Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Wife, Mother & Grandmother
Linda H. Edelstein
Lester, Sandy & Bobbi
Mindy, Walker & Rachel
In Loving Memory of
William K. Benjamin
Edith Abrams Benjamin
David Joel Beniamin
James Joseph Boyle
Vera Vastine Boyle
Mary Etta Seeba
Ellen Blottman
Joshua Mitchell
Morton & Vera Benjamin
In Loving Memory of
Bryna & Mosha Gaston
Reba & Manny Ruben
Ruth Golkow
Grace, Basie, Sidney & Melvin Hoffman
William Davis & Kathlyn Davis Benjamin
Marvin, Sylvia & Johnathan Davis
Paul & Alice Davis
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
1
In Loving Memory of
Louis Gillman
Rosalyn Gillman
Earl Levitin
Adele Levitin
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
77
===== PAGE 80 =====
c
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg
David Goldberg
Irwin Goldberg
Gertrude Nathan
Carole Goldberg
David, Cassie, Nathan, Lily & Gaby Goldberg
Eric, Sherry, Roen & Bria Goldberg
Lane & Allison Goldberg
In Loving Memory of
Edward Hodz
Leon & Etta Rothenberg
Abraham & Eva Hodz
Leon & Hilda Zeifman
Henry & Rachel Moses
Max & Esther Zeifman
Marshall & Elaine Hodz
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Beatrice Rothberg
Bernice Rothberg
Dr. Max Rothberg
Paul Rothberg'
Richard Rothberg
Chary and Michael Greenburg & Family
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Martin Sack Jr.
Mrs. Martin Sack Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
In Loving Memory of our Family Members
Carlos Hanssen
Father of Andrea Olitzky
And our Grandparents
Phyllis & David Yarosh
and Abe & Frances Olitzky
May their memories be for a blessing
Rabbi Jesse, Andrea and Cayla Olitzky
Remembering the
Karow Family
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Remembering the
Singer Family
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Doris and Fred Singer
In Loving Memory of
Bernard Heyman
Bobbie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
In Loving Memory of
Debbie Katz
Zelda & Herman Rosenberg
Mollie & Sam Rosenberg
Miriam & Carl Palenbaum
Blanche & George Rosenberg
Dorothy, Milton & Jay Waldman
Betty H. Wolpin
Esther & Ralph Wolpin
Albert Wolpin
Carole & Howard Wolpin
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Lovee Kliman
“Grace was in all her steps...
In every gesture dignity and love.”
Hy Kliman
Marvin Kliman
Marilyn Kliman
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Krestul
Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Carolyn Krestul and Family
In Loving Memory of Beloved Wife, Mother
Grandmother & Great-Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
Forever in our hearts, always in our thoughts.
Jack Koolik
Bonnie, Neil, Scott
Paul & Dustin Sandler
Brooke Lynn
Susan, Edward, Matthew & Stephen Pilcer
Helene, Emily & Erika Saphire
In Loving Memory of
Fannie Levin
Julius Levin
Philip Plotkin
Sara Plotkin
Robert Plotkin
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin and Family
In Loving Memory of
Gene Kornblum
Bernie and Martha Allen
Bruce Allen
Julius and Mitzi Kornblum
Matthew Kornblum
Annetta Kornblum and Family
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
And our Beloved Parents & Brother George.
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of
Anna Koropova and Lev Koropov
Serafima Kaplan & Samuel Brunfon
Pearl and David Skulsky
Mariam and Joseph Kaplan
Inna Koropova
Polina, Yefim, Simon, Igor
Rachel, Liya & Elliana
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Stuart Lipsky
Bessie Setzer Lipsky
Bruce, Jan, Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
_ _ _
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
Barbara Baker Torres
The DuBow Family
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Louis and Rene Roey
Barney and Rachel Margolin
David Benjamin
Sophia Lyn Roey
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie, Jennifer & Sadie Roey
In Loving Memory of
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Wilf
Larry & Stacie Wilf and Family
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Naomi & Larry Lazar
In Loving Memory of our Beloved
Parents & Grandparents
Helen Rademan
Milton Rademan
Sidney Silverman
Eleanore Silverman
Arlene, Jerry, Jason & Ingrid Rademan
Alyssa, Matthew & Ella Paige Siegel
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Zach, Leslie & Sarah
In Loving Memory of
Herman and Zelda Rosenberg
Joseph and Marianne DeFalco
Jeannine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Debbie Katz
...and in our hearts forever!
Joanne and Sandy Rosenberg
Lindsay, Whitney & Jillian
In Loving Memory of
Jennie, Louis, Nathan
Pauline and
Florence Schevitz
Oscar Cohen, Alyce Zell
Irwin Kane and
Donna Kaye Zell
Mr. & Mrs. Albert Datz
80
===== PAGE 83 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber
Beverly Shreiber
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry
Charles Cherry
llene Selevan
Merle and Ron Cherry
In Loving Memory of
Chana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise Glickman - Herbert Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Rose Levine
Joan & Ben Talpalar & Family
In Loving Memory of
Our Beloved Parents & Sister
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Loving Memory of
Samuel H. Taxier
Samuel Gross
Softie Gross
Theodore Taxier
Minnie Taxier
Nicole Lessner
Lillian Goldblatt
Mrs. S. H. Taxier
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
In Loving Memory of
Shelby H. Trager
Bessie S. Frisch
Alfred Frisch
Charles, Rexine & Asher Trager
In Loving Memory of Our
Father and Grandfather
Ronald David Spiwak
You’ll be in our hearts forever!
Joanna, Adam, Sophie & Nina Levine
Rachel, Josh, Alec & Alaina Feinman
In Loving Memory of
Sylvia Zimmerman
Sophie & Isaac Zimmerman
Frances Zimmerman
Rose & Jacob Rothstein
Ruth & Morris Essock
Benjamin Zimmerman
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
► In Memoriam 4 1
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Dora & Haskell Zimmerman
Joseph Pranevich
Nancy & Seeman Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of
Sid Garfinkel, Anita Garfinkel
Jerry Horowitz, Claire Kerben
& Renee Horowitz
Randy <fe Paula Garfinkel
In Loving Memory of My Parents <fe Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlman
In Loving Memory of
Alan J. Aston
Max Mendelson
Elaine Aston Mendelson
In Loving Memory of
Lillian & Robert J. Gordon
Faye & Nathan Zinn
Renee <fe Alan Gordon
Children <fe Grandchildren
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Jonathan, Kim & Andrew Weintraub
Shelly Brewer
In Loving Memory of
Norman Greenbaum
Miriam Greenbaum
Mary & Jacob Wexler
Rose & Morris Gray
Allen <fe Diane Greenbaum Gray
In Loving Memory of
Max & Mildred Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
llene Selevan
Mildred & Leonard Levinson
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Molly Rubinstein
Robin, Stan, Natalie & Abby Halpem
In Loving Memory of
Milton & Shirley Feder
Gloria L. Ramsey
Samuel A. Ramsey Jr.
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
Marilyn, Mike
Ellis, Ellen <& Otis Mass
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper «fe Family
In Loving Memory of
Sidney A. Hoffman
Basie Hoffman
Ben Hunter
Manny Ruben
Barbara <fe Lewis Hunter
In Loving Memory of Parents and Grandparents
Stuart and Phyllis Fried
Robert Kopp
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Lauren <fe Jason Rubin
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Son & Brother
Gordon Seth Kagan
Rhoda <fe Norman Kagan & Family
82
===== PAGE 85 =====
n
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Martha & Edwin Kravitz
Harriette & Abe Levin
Dick, Shirley, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
In Loving Memory of our mother
Hannah J. Rose
and our Grandparents
Sarah & Joseph Rosenbloom
Bertha & Samuel Statland
Stephanee and Branda Rose
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Later, M.D.
Bernard R. Later
Dennis Lafer & Family
In Loving Memory of
Leonard & Gertrude Rosenberg
Maurice & Jennie Ida Hollinger
Ruben & Rose Rosenberg
Sharon, A.J. and Jerry
In Loving Memory of
Morton Maltz Yetta & Louis Platt
Augusta Platt Abraham Platt
Leonard Platt
Edna Maltz & Family
In Loving Memory of
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris & Julia Kufman
Inna & Tim Adler
In Loving Memory of
Irma & Joe Sandler
Laurie Sandler
Bonnie, Neil, Scott & Paul Sandler
Dustin & Brooke Lynn
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan, Debra
Aaron, Jocelyn and Miriam Mibab
In Loving Memory of
Al L. Schneider, Tobias M. Schneider
Sylvia F. Schneider, Betty F. Schneider
Mimi Mendelson & Bernice Schemer
Camilla Schneider
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby & David Pinsky & Family
Alicia & Jesse Rauchwarger
In Loving Memory of
Bernice & Alex Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl, Elizabeth & Sarah Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige & Henry Benjamin Sekine
In Loving Memory of
Ruthye & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Geri and Sam Bernard
In Loving Memory and In Our Hearts Forever
Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Risa & Steven Warfield
Wendy & Mark Talpalar
Sharon & Jerry Seebol
In Loving Memory of
Wanda Organes
Macy A. and Myra Cohen
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
In Loving Memory of
Lora & Jacob Sheitelman
father, mother and Grandparents
Ruth & Sidney Nudle
aunt & uncle
Elaine Furman
Deborah Miller, Naomi Kipp & David Furman
83
===== PAGE 86 =====
[ P In Memoriam 4 I
In Loving Memory of
Paul Shuman
Selma Shuman
David, Shari, Jenna & Amy Shuman
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker, Jerry Zucker
Fran Marcus
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
In Loving Memory of
Molly and Jack Silverman
By
Their Children
In Loving Memory of
Mikhail Bekman
Sveltana, Yakov & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Max Wolinetz
in Loving Memory of Shirley Berger - Arnold Berger
Andrea Mitsch
Ruthie & Brad Berger & Family
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman and Mary Singal
Norman and Clara Katcher
Sheldon and Elaine Singal
Rena Bernard
Sam & Etta Harris Renee Bloom
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Leon Bernstein
Annette Grauer
In Loving Memory of
Charles Sussman
Lynn Sussman, Stephanie Sussman
Elizabeth & Scott Zweigel
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Loving Memory of
Jean Cramer
Beloved Mother and Grandmother - An Inspiration of Energy and Humor
Joanne and Leo Davis
In Loving Memory of
Ida & Harry Weber
Esther & Sol Hirsch
Estelle & Stuart Beckerman
In Loving Memory of LGO D Í11Í VI
Esther Dinin & Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of Beloved Parents & Sister
Bessie & I.H. Edwards
Delores (Dodie) Cohen
Marsha Berdit
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
In Loving Memory of
Shmiiel Feiq
Yakov Feig, Denise Sherman
Joshua & Anna
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jason Freedman
Marilyn D. Freedman
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank and Daphne Woodard
In Loving Memory of
Monte Graff, Myrna Margolis & Grace Radford
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yudowin
Max and Jean Shmunes
Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim, Taha
llana & Ross Shmunes
In Loving Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
84
===== PAGE 87 =====
fl
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Annette Grauer
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele & Alay
In Loving Memory of
Lester Greenfield - Steven Greenfield
Judy, Scott & Cynthia Greenfield
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Esther and Sam Rosenblum
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
David & Rae Kaufman
Sigmund & Bessie Lipson
Martin & Mimi Kaufman
In Memory of Our Son
Jonathan Roth
And Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal and Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
Anne & Harry Krokow
Judie & Kal Levinson
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of - BGmard KGSSlGr father & grandfather,
EdWdrd SieCjlG father & grandfather, StG113 S Í 6Q1G mother & grandmother,
Rabbi Harry Jolt greatunde
Laurette, Mark, Jonathan & Michael Kessler
In Loving Memory of
Bernard Jay Shainbrown
The Shainbrown Family & Loved Ones
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Zoja Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik
In Loving Memory of
Sam Louis Silberstein
Delores Silberstein and Family
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Zoja Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Richard & Tammy Lesnik & Family
In Beloved Memory of
Carl Jay
Rose Jay Sonenstein
Arlene Faracchio
To Honor the Memory of Beloved Parents and Brother
Sara, Albert and Norman Mannis
Libby Katz & Family
In Loving Memory of
David S. Stark, Bernice G. Stark
Charles 1. Senrick, May R. Senrick
Bruce, Kathy, Aaron & Rachel Stark
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson
Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
Edward Allen Mervis
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney Norton
In Loving Memory of
Murry Wolfson
Ruby Price and Ben & Gussie Baker
Renee Wolfson Moses
In Loving Memory of
Irene Neadle and Lori Scardino
Susan, Jeff, Melissa & Sarah Neadle
In Loving Memory of
Herbert Zucker
Dan, Sam & Esther Zucker
In Loving Memory of
Julia Neighoff Newlen
Kym SJ Newlen
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker
Jerry Zucker
Zipora Zucker
°1
Contact the Center office or view the Center's website
to learn more about purchasing family or individual plots
at
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Memorial Park
(New Center Cemetery)
904-292-1000
www. j axj ewishcenter.com/cemetery.html
85
===== PAGE 88 =====
»• ¡imm m
W _
I I n éÉÍII
A,LX
Locally-owned,
sustainably-sourced &
seasonally-inspired
since 1QQQ.
Award winning cuisine
with a city-hip vibe.
Craving more ?
www.BistroX.com
,1
THE LOOP
umitmmtmnirnifniiirriiii nmmmmmmmumummmumutmmmmimuamtimmmmtiim \ r *************
¥$? T$.
The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-2210
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e-Loop Club
1440 San Marco Boulevard
© @bistroabc 904-398-1949
minutes from downtown in Listone San Marco
Bistro Abe
86
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 89 =====
► Galinsky Academy 4]
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to announce the launch of the Galinsky
Academy. The Galinsky Academy will bring together under one umbrella, all of the
Center’s schools: the DuBow Preschool, the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious
School, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and Makom Hebrew High program. It
represents the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s commitment that all of our children will
benefit from the finest teachers, an engaged clergy, the highest-quality curriculum, and
the most cutting-edge technology. Galinsky Academy will be a 21st century learning
organization like no other.
The Academy is named for Samuel and Esther Galinsky, of blessed memory,
whose significant gift to Jewish education has already had a lasting impact in our
community. Samuel and Esther Galinsky were unassuming members of Center. They
participated in synagogue life and were respected members of the congregation who
cared about Jewish education, but had no children of their own. Elpon their passing,
Samuel and Esther Galinsky bequeathed the Jacksonville Jewish Center a powerful
and unexpected gift, $3 million, to assist the children of this community in receiving a
Jewish education.
In that same vain, the DuBow family has made the first endowment gift to the
Galinsky Academy. The DuBow family have been major supporters and contributor of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and its schools for decades. They have been active leaders of our congregation, with past president Laurie
and current president Michael, providing inspiring direction and influencing the growth and stability of the Center.
The leadership is confident that this will be the first of many Academy-endowed gifts that will allow our schools to
deliver on our promises and inspire our children to be their best.
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Alyse Nathans
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
The Jewish Community Foundation
of Northeast Florida
What will your legacy be?
A bequest in your Will to the Jacksonville Jewish Center
can inspire future generations, educate children, provide for elderly,
and assure our rich Jewish heritage and traditions continue.
Those that came before us built this community.
How do you want to be remembered?
create a jewish
LEGACY
NORTHEAST FLORIDA
Create Your Jewish Legacy
Please remember the Center and the Jewish
community in your Will and estate planning.
Our Jewish Community Foundation is here to help
structure a personal legacy plan that is meaningful to you.
Create A Jewish Legacy is a program of the Jewish Federations of North America
and is sponsored and presented by the Jewish Community Foundation of Northeast Florida, Inc. in partners with:
BETKMEL
/I7/r ffieaifie* ~'Ji/Huyeyar
F tz CFaim
Synagogue
4$
JCA
ipr wish
i*jFAMILV&
COMMUNITY
HERVIOS
Community
AJUance
FACKSON VILLI _\
T\S! iewish £ /
ENTER
JACKSONVILLE
JEWISH FEDERATION
Jewish Community
Federation
driver Garden
Excellent* .n A<Ju!t Cere end Settees
Congregation
Ahavath Chesed
For a confidential, no obligation conversation please contact us at:
Phone: 904.394.0720 # Fax: 904.394.0956 • P.O. Box 24847 • Jacksonville, FL 32241
www.iewishfoundationnefl.org • www.createaiewishlegacviax.org
Become our fan on Facebook • Visit us on YouTube “Celebration CJL”
Broadcast Y<
88
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 91 =====
Galinsky Academy
From generation to generation the importance and significance of a Jewish
education has been a cornerstone of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. L’Dor V’Dor
annual campaign for education at the Jacksonville Jewish Center was developed by
stakeholders in the community who recognize the value of the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School, the DuBow Preschool,
and Makom Hebrew High. The goal of the campaign is to annually provide financial
support that will ensure the sustainability of these vital institutions.
All gifts made to the L’Dor V’Dor campaign are vital to the advancement of the
Galinsky Academy. Your contribution will help our schools develop and maintain a
challenging curriculum, reflective of our mission to provide the highest quality of
education to our children.
Interested parties can become donors to the L’Dor V’Dor annual campaign through
many different opportunities. Please contact Don Kriss at 904-292-1000 or email
dkriss@jaxjewishcenter.org
ANNUAL CAMPAIGN
L'dor V'dor
ATTh
===== PAGE 92 =====
p-§Otít Anniversary Celebration of the Day School
Martin j. Gottlieb
Day School
Innovating Education. Living Tradition.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center hosted a weekend
full of four events celebrating 50 years of education
and achievements at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
(formerly known as the Foundation School and the
Solomon Schechter Day School). Chairs, Bruce Horovitz
and Andrea Mail, and honorary chairs, Linda and Laurie
DuBow & Debbie and Mel Gottlieb, along with many
volunteers and Center staff, worked together for a year
to plan an inspirational 50th Anniversary Celebration.
The weekend began with Shabbat morning services,
co-chaired by Arlene Yegelwel and Marsha Pollock,
honoring the past and present teachers and faculty of
the Day School. In addition, Edith Horovitz received
the 2012 David Gaffney Leadership in Education Award
presented by visiting Rabbi Emeritus, David Gaffney.
The Student Reunion, “Chamesh de Mayo,” took
place Saturday evening with over 175 guests. Co¬
chairs Sheri Trager Weiss and Brent Trager along with
the committee, planned the evening that began with a
beautiful Havdalah service. Guests proceeded into the
social hall after receiving name tags displaying the
class that they were in when attending the Day School,
liana Manassee led Israeli dancing, something everyone
remembered doing while attending the Day School.
Sunday morning the PTA sponsored a Family Luau,
chaired by Rebecca Fixel. Guests swam in the Yegewel
Pool and were entertained by Polynesian dancers and the
MJGDS Dance Team, while eating a luau-themed lunch
under a giant tent.
The weekend culminated with the 50th Anniversary
Extravaganza. The Sunday evening event was co-chaired
by Andrea Mail and Jeanine Rogozinski. The evening
included a cocktail hour, a sit down dinner, a photo
gallery, and a slide show that brought smiles and tears to
the 375 guests.
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
91
mnm
===== PAGE 94 =====
I»-50th Anniversary Celebration of the Day School
MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB
Day School
Innovating Education. Living Tradition
YEARS
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
-westec El
SECURITY
SECURITY A COMMUNICATIONS A AUDIO/VIDEO
LIGHTING CONTROL A STRUCTURED WIRING A CCTV
ACCESS CONTROL A CENTRAL VAC A CONNECTED HOME
since 1968
one mission “Quality ”
sales • service • install
1714 Cesery Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
FL: (904) 743-8444 GA: (912) 264-8679
Fax: (904) 743-8466
LIC. EF0001226
LIC. LU405163
It’s Our
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. That s the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the very
best in quality, selection and service.
Publix
IT’S BEEN OUR PLEASURE.
904-631-6333
Jacksonville
904-302-3577
Beaches
Vaughan & Son Pest Control
Serving Northeast Florida Since 1976
COMMERCIAL RESIDENTIAL
www. ridmypest. com
John Vaughan, ACE jvaughank@bellsouth.net
Certified Entomologist RO. Box 440190
Certified Pest Control Operator Jacksonville, FL 32222-0190
Patten School Bus Service, Inc.
Field Trips, Business/Social Functions
Birthday Parties All Ages, Family
Reunions, Weddings, No Job Too Small
Richard & Judith Patten
Office: 904-246-3085
Cell: 904-631-3433
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, FI 32233
Fax: 904-247-6778
E-mail: pattenbus@yahoo.com
LAW OFFICES
TERRELL HOGAN ELLIS YEGELWEL, P.A.
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
r
CANCER
SPECIALISTS
of NORTH FLORIDA
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
14546 Old St. Augustine Rd.
Bldg. I, Ste.317
Jacksonville, FL 32258
Phone: 904.260.9445
Fax: 904.260.0005
2161 Kingsley Ave.
Ste. 200
Orange Park, FL 32073
Phone: 904.272.3139
Fax: 904.272.6521
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202
(904) 632-2424
CancerSpecialistsNF.com
94
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 97 =====
Galinsky Academy
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
Rebecca Fixel
PTA President
The Galinsky Academy works diligently to provide an enriching year
for the students of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, the DuBow Preschool
and the Bernard and Alice Selevan Religious School. I am excited to be your
president again for the 2012-2013 school year!
The PTA contibutes to the educational experience of our children by
offering programs and events, equipment and technology, and a whole lot
more! Some of the outstanding programming and services throughout the year
include: Red Ribbon Week, Shabbat Boxes, Vision Screening, Kaleidoscope
Day, Holiday Observance and the publication of the MJGDS yearbook.
Other exciting events our families look forward to are our Father/Daughter
Dance, Mother/Son Bowling, Grand Friends Day, the Purim Carnival and
Family Roller Skating Nights.
Fundraising is a huge component of PTA as our funds are used to purchase
and support education in our schools. Our most successful fundraiser is the
annual Chai Family Fun Run. Other fundraising events for the 2012-2013 school
year will be magazine, kosher cookie dough and Entertainment Books sales.
In 2011-2012 the PTA raised funds for video monitors in both the MJGDS and DuBow Preschool lobbies. Our
themed basket fundraiser raised money for new appliances in the preschool kitchen. PTA also provided food for
our holiday celebrations and first grade consecrations. Every year, every teacher receives money for use in their
classroom for non-perishable items. For the Day School’s
50th anniversary weekend, our PTA was able to provide
families with a complementary luau celebration lunch.
The Parent Teacher Association strives to involve every
parent in our schools. Volunteers are crucial to the success
of our PTA and 1 encourage you to get involved.
PTA Officers
President
Rebecca Fixel
VP of Programming
Andrea Mail & Nancy Davis
VP of Membership
Galit Hill
VP of Services
Yakov Feig & Shireen Chafetz
Treasurer
Tammy Schemer
Secretary
Cindy Handmaker
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
► DuBow Preschool 4
“Whoever teaches his son teaches not only his son but also his son’s son—and so
on to the end of generations.” - Talmud, Kiddushin, 30a
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool has been proudly named the DuBow
Preschool. The mission of the preschool has been to offer a supportive, creative, safe,
loving and developmental^ appropriate environment for the youngest members of
our community for over 68 years. The DuBow Preschool provides a rich program in
academics and Jewish living.
The school embraces the philosophy that young children learn best by doing.
We feel learning necessitates active thinking and experimenting, so that children can
discover their world and everything in it. The goal of our curriculum is to assist children
to become inquisitive explorers, enthusiastic, and self-confident; teaching them how to
learn. The DuBow Preschool’s programs are a result of careful and detailed planning
in accordance with the best available knowledge of child growth and development. The
programs are designed to meet the individual child’s needs and to promote continuous
growth with an emphasis on preparing each child to be successful in an academically
rigorous elementary school program. Utilizing a program that is inspired by Jewish
values, the DuBow Preschool stimulates each child’s social, emotional, physical and cognitive development.
Jewish values and studies are joyfully integrated into our curriculum through storytelling, art, cooking, music,
dance, prayer and time with the Rabbis and Hazzan. Jewish holidays are celebrated through activities and customs
designed to introduce our preschoolers to their rich Jewish heritage. We model and encourage kindness, respect,
compassion, confidence and responsibility.
As we welcome new and returning families and staff back, the 2012-2013 school year will definitely be one to
remember at the DuBow Preschool. This year we open the doors of our new state-of-the art facility and add new
enhancements to our already strong program. Our new Discovery Studio integrates hands-on exploratory learning
into our daily program. The school is becoming a leader in 21st century early childhood instructional technology.
The Parparim (3 yr. olds) and Tzeeporim (4 yr. olds) classrooms now have computer stations, iPads and interactive
tech tools to help our teachers better meet the individual and creative needs of each child.
I invite the entire community to come take a tour of our beautiful new DuBow Preschool, and to learn more
about our unique school.
On behalf of my faculty, and my daughters Cayla and Julia, I wish you a Shana Tovah Umetuka, a good and
sweet new year.
- Shereen Canady
Shereen Canady
Director
Chair - Lynda Gridley
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Rebecca Fixel
PE Teacher
HHI
Dina Kirshbaum Zina Levitsky
Administrative Music
Assistant Teacher
Greg Nagel
Exploration & Discovery
Program Coordinator
96
===== PAGE 99 =====
DuBow Preschool
PLAYTIME AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
Doobonim
Teachers:
Ms. Mary Jane Williamson
& Ms. Jennie DeBardeleben
Madyson Bell
Reba Gould
Sophie Hammer
Cayla Olitzky
Sam Resnick
Kofim I
Teachers:
Ms. Cheryl Gartner
& Ms. Susan Hughes
Zach Bomser
Mason Gridley
Jayden Leach
Itamar Ohayon
Ita Shapiro
Vivi Weil
Eli Zagagi
Kofim II
Teachers:
Ms. Robin Carlos
& Ms. Robyn Bell
Chloe Baker
Brooke Lynn Bonanno
Eytan Grumberg
Hannah Kaufman
Hank Shapiro
Adam Tesler
Isabella Turchin
Nathan Widens
98
===== PAGE 101 =====
uBow Preschool
Parparim
Teachers:
Ms. Esther Ohayon
& Ms. Janet Kriss
Ashton Brodsky
Kagan Gould
Kyra Jaffa
Gabriel Kaye
Josh Lewis
Charlie Milian
Maytal Mitzmacher
Danielle Ruckh
Remy Sadowsky
Adrielle Schwartz
Itamar Socher
Lizzie Teitelbaum
Alana Werwa
Andrew Wolpoff
Tzeeporim I
Teachers:
Ms. Jennifer Zuniga
& Ms. Robin Vitiello
Danial Amoyal
Brooke Gridley
Jacob Levy
Eli Marks
Efrat Ohayon
Charlie Resnick
Jacob Taylor
Leia Taylor
Natalie Wawzynski
Tzeeporim II
Teachers:
Ms. Hanna Bendit &
Ms. Lordzee Exantus
Collin Carlos
Zoe Carpenter
Evelyn Epstein
Liza Finelt
Sean Griswold
Sadie Handmaker
Morgan Nathans
Katya Sniriova
Amelia Tesler
Orion Thomton-Ochoa
Ari Widens
Blake Zaner
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
SHALOM BABY, A GREAT PLACE TO BEGIN!
The DuBow Preschool’s Shalom Baby program will begin its seventh year this fall. Our special program offers
bonding time for parents, babies and toddlers. Each class offers songs, stories, circle time, crafts, special visitors and
hot topic discussions.
Early childhood experts agree that there are numerous benefits of having friends and socializing at a young age.
Friendships will add spice to your child’s life. They can help children learn new skills, increase their vocabulary, and
provide them with lots of opportunities to learn to share and cooperate with others. It also offers a chance for parents
to network and get support. Early childhood is a unique, exciting and special time in a family’s life. Many friendships
that begin among parents in playgroups such as Shalom Baby continue and grow in years to come. If you are interested
in learning more, please call Shereen Canady at 268-4200 ext. 143.
100
===== PAGE 103 =====
Kids Club
Ivy Kfare
Lead Teacher
The Galinsky Academy is proud to provide an excellent before and after school program
for children ages one through twelve. We also offer outstanding winter and spring break
camps as well as fun, active and enriching days when school is not in session.
We strive to provide the highest quality program, where parents are assured of a safe,
healthy and happy environment for their children. We purposefully designed our program
to offer both educational and social enrichment. Parents can feel comfortable knowing their
children are interacting with peers, participating in fun and engaging indoor and outdoor
activities.
Our MJGDS elementary students who join us after school have supervised daily
homework and study period, snack, followed by outdoor sports and activities. Mornings
and afternoons are always fun and busy at Kids Club!
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
Ia— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A SCHECHTER NETWORK DAY SCHOOL
What an incredible year 2011-2012 was and how excited we are for 2012-
2013! I want to thank the parents for giving us the most sacred gift - the honor of
entrusting us with the education of their children. I especially want to thank the
teachers and the staff for their hard work; our accomplishments this past year were
only possible because of your effort, time and love.
Space prohibits exposition, but please allow me to snapshot some of the
accomplishments from the 2011 -2012 school year and some exciting things to look
forward to in the upcoming year:
Transparency
Through the school website, classroom blogs, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr,
Vimeo, etc. - you are welcome to see what we are up to at all times! We added an
Annual Alumni Survey to our Annual Faculty and Parent Surveys. We also added
“blogfolios” for each student in Grade 3-8.
Academic Achievement:
In 2011-2012,65% of Students in Grades 4, 5 & 7 qualified for the Duke TIPS
program. All our graduating 8th graders have successfully matriculated into their
schools of choice for the second year in a row! We also successfully transitioned into a new math curriculum
- Singapore Math.
Differentiated Instruction:
Our school’s philosophy is “A Floor, But No Ceiling” and is reflected in our individual approach to education.
Thanks to a grant from Koleinujax - working with Jewish Family Service and the Foundation - we added
additional staff and training to ensure that each child in our school who has a special need has a documented
IEP and is receiving appropriate accommodations and services.
Middle School Athletics
The MJGDS Marlins took to the field this year for the first time ever! We competed in Girls Volleyball.
Soon we will announce at least one new sport for 2012-2013!
FC/S Re-Accreditation
We successfully came through our five-year re-accreditation with the Florida Council of Independent
Schools with a clean record and accommodations for technology and professional development!
Creating a Community of Kindness
As part of the new Galinksy Academy, we will launch a new anti-bullying/positive behavior promotion
program in the 2012-13 school year called “Creating a Community of Kindness”. It will incorporate parent
workshops, teacher training and student interventions in order to guarantee our families a safe and healthy
environment for their children.
My wife, Jaimee, and daughters, Eliana and Maytal, join me in wishing the entire community a shana
tovah umetuka.
Jon Mitzmacher
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Gaby Bubis
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Talie Zaifert
Director of Marketing
& Admissions
Robyn
Sabatt-Waring
102
===== PAGE 105 =====
2012-2013 MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB DAY SCHOOL STAFF
Lower School General Studies Faculty
Mrs. Arlene Yegelwel & Megan DiMarco
Ms. Pamela Lewis & Kara Alford
Ms. Amy Stein & Mrs. Shannon McVearry
Mr. Seth Carpenter & Mrs. Carla Bernard
Mrs. Stephanie Teitelbaum & Sara Luettchau
Mrs. Shelly Zavon
Lower School Jewish Studies Faculty
Morah Edith (Ita) Horovitz & Morah Mazal Spalter
Morah Robin (Rachel) Morris & Morah Hannah Bendit
Morah Rivka Cohen
Morah Liat Walker & Morah Mazal Spalter
Morah Rivka Cohen
Morah Liat Walker
Morah Rivkah Ohayon
Morah Mazal Spalter
Middle School Faculty
Mrs. Susan Burkhart
Mrs. Judy Reppert
Mrs. Deb Kuhr
Mrs. Lauren Resnick
Mrs. Cathleen Toglia
Morah Rivka Ohayon
Morah Edith (Ita) Horovitz
Rabbi Jesse Olitzky
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Resource Teachers
Mrs. Jeanine Hoff
Mrs. Shana Gutterman
Coach Jared Goldman
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
21st Century Learning Team
Mrs. Andrea Hernandez
Mrs. Silvia Tolisano
Mrs. Karin Hallett
Mrs. Jo-Ann Kagan
Mrs. Kim Glasgal
MJGDS Administrative Team
Mrs. Robyn Waring
Mrs. Talie Zaifert
Mrs. Edith Horovitz
Dr. Jon Mitzmacher
Kindergarten
First Grade
Second Grade
Third Grade
Fourth Grade
Fifth Grade
Kitah Gan
KitahAlef
Kitah Bet:
Kitah Gimmel
Kitah Dalet
Kitah Hay
Kitah Bet-Gimmel Resource Teacher
Kitah Dalet-Hay Resource Teacher
Science
Social Studies
Language Arts
Middle School Mathematics
Middle School Mathematics
Hebrew & Rabbinics
Hebrew & Mitzvot
Hebrew & Bible
Rabbinics
Music
Art
PE
Jewish Music & Tefillah
Director of Teaching & Learning
21st Century Learning Specialist
Library & Media Specialist
Academic Resource Specialist
Technology Coordinator
Executive Assistant
Admissions & Marketing Director
Middle School Vice-Principal
Head of School
===== PAGE 106 =====
i*— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A YEAR IN THE LIFE
104
===== PAGE 107 =====
P MJGDS 2011-2012 CLASSES 4
Kindergarten
Teachers: Arlene Yegelwel,
Lauren Resnick
and Edith Horovitz
Students:
Masha Bezverkh, Danny Bomser,
Izabella Davis, Lily Davis,
Nati Erlich, Hayden Garber,
Lucy Gould, Jacob Gross,
Ethan Logvinov, Sophia Milian,
Madelyn Millrood, Jacob Morgenthal,
Jacob Rutansky, Jett Scharf,
George Setzer, Elliana Tesler,
Veronika Turchin, Taha Zagagi,
Evan Wolpoff
First Grade
Teachers:
Kristi O’Neil, Marlene Watkins,
Robin Morris and Hanna Bendit
Students:
May Amoyal, Daniel Bubis,
Jona Burkhard, Isaac Davis,
Josh DeBardeleben, Anna Feig,
Eva Gridley, Daisy Handmaker,
Moti Hill, Elad Homski,
Moses Jaffa, Eliana Mitzmacher,
Ariel Ohayon, Elizabeth Rutansky,
Saylor Scharf, Nadav Socher,
Aleeya Spector, Mason Teitelbaum
105
===== PAGE 108 =====
\ ► MJGDS 2011-2012 CLASSES 4
Second Grade
Teachers:
Amy Stein,
Shannon McVearry
and Rivka Cohen
Students:
Lial Amoyal, Noah Bomser,
Tal Burkhard, Benjamin Davis,
Nahila Davis, Julia DeBardeleben,
Abigail Fixel, Zoe Garber,
Jack Hernandez, Benjamin Howard,
Sage Kaye, Jacob Levy,
Jacob Sommers, Nate Sussman,
Gabriel Widens, Isabel Zhukov
Third Grade
Teachers: Marjie Rogozinski,
Carla Bernard and Liat Walker
Students:
Parker Balotin, Rebecca Burstein,
Julia Canady, Benjamin Chafetz,
Ayden Israel, Eliana Jaffa,
Evan Levy, Jasmine Mail,
Ronen Marlowe, Joshua Miller,
Zachary Mizrahi, Arin Nathans,
Elad Ohayon, Zachary Rosin-Borrousch,
Natan Shcherbakov,
Emily Teitelbaum, Ariella Tesler,
Griffith Werwa, Lily Zager,
Jeremy Zaifert, Samantha Zimmerman
Fourth Grade
Teachers:
Stephanie Teitelbaum
and Rivka Cohen
Students:
Ben Arnold, Jamie Bielski,
Rebecca Bubis, Liam Heger,
Yoni Homsky, Elior Lubliner,
Itamar Lubliner, Zoe Mail,
Evelyn Mizrahi,
Zachary Shainbrown,
Jonah Widens
106
===== PAGE 109 =====
► MJGDS 2011-2012 CLASSES <4
Fifth Grade
Teachers:
Shelly Zavon and
Liat Walker
Students:
Casey Balotin, Cayla Canady,
Sarah Chisholm, Ethan Garber,
Barbara Goldstein, Jake Gould,
Brianna Grossman, Justin Heger,
Lily Hernandez, Shoshana Howard,
Rachel Levy, Talya Pames,
Noah Rosin-Borrousch,
Sarah Schemer, Sydney Teitelbaum
Sixth Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Judy Reppert
Students:
Jilliyn Chisholm, Shira DuBow,
Joshua Feig, Edyn Gottlieb,
Hannah Gross, Ryan Heger,
Allie Israel, Sabrina Mail,
Max Mizrahi, Daniel Nabert,
Rachel Olive, Samuel Sommers,
Shelby Weiss, Nathan Zager,
Reesa Zaifert, Joshua Zimmerman
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
P MJGDS 2011-2012 CLASSES 4
Seventh Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Deb Kuhr
Students:
Julia Kahn
Aaron Kitay
Avichai Lubliner
Ryan Mizrahi
Joey Plotkin
Rachel Spector
Eighth Grade
Homeroom Teacher:
Susan Burkhart
Students:
Joel Cohen
Douglas Nabert
Rebecca Nathans
1 lyssa Ward
108
===== PAGE 111 =====
109
===== PAGE 112 =====
►— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —<4
Twenty-one Jewish day schools of different religious orientations came together
in Jacksonville at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School for edJEWcon, a ground-breaking
conference designed to demonstrate to teams of day school educators how to implement
a 21st-century approach to curriculum and instruction. The integration of technology and
digital media into teaching and learning are essential tools to engage all learners. This
innovative conference raised the bar and showed the way for participants to acquire new understandings and gain
needed skills. The conference with just over 100 participants reached an audience on Twitter of over 100,000 in
under 24 hours. Sponsored by the Avi Chai Foundation and the Schechter Day School Network, with guest keynote
speakers, Heidi Hayes Jacobs and Angela Maiers, this conference was like no other. A Twitter feed, #edjewcon,
contained over 600 tweets mentioning things learned, thanking MJGDS for this incredible conference and helping
the schools and agencies in attendance, and those following the conference via Twitter, network with one another.
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School has been a leader in 21st Century Learning Skills for the past 2 years,
and now schools across the country are using MJGDS as a model to learn from. Thanks to the vision of Andrea
Hernandez and Silvia Tolisano, MJGDS 21st Century Learning Specialists, and Head of School, Dr. Jon Mitzmacher,
edJEWcon was born, and Jewish Day Schools across North America are benefitting from that vision. “My mind is
I a twitter. I’m all blogged out. And I can’t spend any more
II time in the App store. I’m uncomfortable, in brain pain,
|| and petrified of what I don’t know. And I couldn’t be more
j excited or invigorated about it!” Taken from a blog entry of
I an edJEWcon attendee.
Andrea Hernandez, one of the conferences organizers
• j and presenters concluded: We often talk about 21st century
I learning in terms of the skills needed to be successful in
j this technological world. One of those important skills is
II collaboration. edJEWcon is collaboration at its best.
A 21st Century leaching & Learning Institute
no
===== PAGE 113 =====
For the first time in 50 years, the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School, a Kindergarten through Eighth Grade
school made up of 126 students, has dipped its toe
into Middle School athletics. The Lady Marlins
Volleyball team has made history as the first
competitive team sport at MJGDS.
Dance Team
Coach Zaifert
Casey Balotin
Shira DuBow
Hannah Gross
Rebecca Nathans
Sydney Teitelbaum
Shelby Weiss
Reesa Zaifert
Volleyball Team
Coach Goldman
Cayla Canady
Hannah Gross
Lily Hernandez
Shoshana Howard
Julia Kahn
Sabrina Mail
Rebecca Nathans
Rachel Olive
Talia Pames
Sarah Schemer
Rachel Spector
Shelby Weiss
111
===== PAGE 114 =====
\r Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Our Religious School has moved forward by leaps and bounds!
Take a walk down the hallways on Sunday mornings and Wednesday evenings...
you’ll see children working interactively with smartboards or Skyping with an 11
year-old “mensch” from Ottawa...you’II smell holiday treats, such as apples and
honey or latkes...You’ll notice amazing art projects, musical enthusiasm, dramatic
interpretations.. .and you’ll feel the laughter, ruach, and warmth of a close-knit family!
Through the generous sharing by the MJGDS of smartboards and laptops, we’ve
marched into the 21st Century. Now with the entire virtual world at our fingertips,
our students are “visiting” museums around the world, important areas of Israel (live
Kotel, holiday observations in Jerusalem, etc), and Jewish heroes-all in the comfort
and confines of our classrooms. Interactive Hebrew exercises and games stimulate
reading and prayer advancement.
Chosen as one of only 4 schools in the country by JTS/Melton Research Center,
we very successfully piloted a new curriculum in our 3rd grade, incorporating the use
of technology and the understanding of Religious School dynamics. We continue to
work closely with this exciting project, which hopes to soon include a 4th and a 5th
grade program.
We’re kept busy with special programs as well. Visitors such as Bible Raps, the
Jacksonville Bullies Lacrosse team, and the teen Ramat Gan Israeli Dancers were educational and entertaining in
2011-2012. We joined the congregation for the Purim carnival and dinner/shpiel, community service day, PTA
Chai Run, Community University, tiyul to shul, and we provided lots of help as sacred books and a Torah was
buried in the cemetery. We enjoyed our own favorites such as Pizza in the Hut, Sukkah decorating day, World
Wide Wrap, and our model seders (with guests from the Islamic Center).
One of the best changes of this year was the addition of the former Beth Shalom students. As we blended
our communities, we learned from, and with, each other. New friendships have been formed, and a strong, long-
lasting spiritual bond has been readied.
We look forward to a progressive and healthy and happy new year!
L’Shana Tovah from my family to yours,
Lois B Tompkins
Lois Tompkins
Director
Co-Chairs -
Faye Mizrahi &
Stacy Leach
===== PAGE 115 =====
P- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
113
===== PAGE 116 =====
p- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
CLASSES OF 2011-2012
First Grade - Alef
Andrew Herbst
Ava Jaffa
Brooke Saye
Alexandra Selevan
Elli Trager
Brooke Trager
Ashley Zunic
Second Grade -
Dalia Dryden
Samantha Letts
Dustin Sandler
Sky Stuart
Third Grade - Gimel
Allie Bielski
Veronica Bryant
Devin Ewing
Sean Ewing
Julia Grosse
Noah Gutterman
Orli Gutterman
Sydney Herbst
Maiah Jaffa
Rebecca Katz
Jagger Leach
Sydney Leach
Laura Rogovin
Sydni Rudowitz
Eryn Saye
Jacob Selevan
Leah Zimmerman
Kindergarten - Gan
Avigail Barak
Dante Gaviglio
Andrew Goldman
Joshua Katz
Maya Letts
Abigail Rotenberg
Joel Silverstein
Sara Wasserman
Landon Wawzynski
Fourth Grade - Dalet
Madison Abraham
Jacob Anchel
Eliza Aretz
Amelia Ernas
Kesha Ewing
Hallie Fine
Zachary Fine
Jacob Lansaw
Ethan Levine
Ethan Plotkin
Kylie Sanders
Hailey Stuart
Alexander Wawzynski
Jolie Weiss
114
===== PAGE 117 =====
P- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
CLASSES OF 2011-2012
Fifth Grade - Hay
Rose Blumenfeld
Alex Cywes
Claire Cywes
Jacqueline Emas
Danielle Fetner
Madison Grosse
Naomi Herman
Julia Plotkin
Gil Sapolsky
Hannah Silverstein
Arielle Wajsman
Sabrina Zilberman
Brooke Zimmerman
Wendell Zimmerman
Alyssa Zunic
Sixth Grade - Vav
Jacob Abraham
Kenny Hilbert
Ellis Levine
Joel Margol
Zarra Marlowe
Daniel Osachy
Montgomery Phillips
Lance Schlecter
Danielle Snyder
Micah Pames
Ally Wolfson
Bennett Zimmerman
Eighth Grade - Chet
Jake Fetner
Eli Mizrahi
Brooke Sapolsky
Seventh Grade - Zayin
Michaela Anchel
Briahna Ewing
Sam Goldstein
Jennie Gordon
Ari Howard
Jordan Levine
Ben Miller
Jared Plotkin
Brodie Rutkowski
Alexander Wajsman
Liam Wirsansky
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Co-Chairs
Faye Mizrahi *
Stacey Leach
MAKOM: What an amazing year! MAKOM
Hebrew High saw its numbers rise in its second year
oi existence. Students enjoyed the opportunity to learn
about Israel, and Jewish ethics while having important
conversations about God, current events, and Jewish identity in America.
Electives ran the gamut from the arts to Jews in sports to Jewish dance & film.
This year’s highlights included a number of special programs and tiyulim
(trips). We were blessed to have workshops by The Bible Raps and Arie Hasit,
program coordinator for Ramah’s semester in Israel. Our MAKOM on “Hot”
Wheels theme brought us to Christinas, FL for airboat rides followed by a journey
to Daytona to go-cart and visit the International Speedway. A number of students
participated in the Panim el Panim Conference in Washington D.C. in conjunction
with our senior year program, Siyyum. As we strengthen our connection with
our USY chapter, we hope that we continue our social action work and Shabbat
presence in the community. MAKOM is the “place” to be for a great social
atmosphere, engaging learning opportunities, and lasting memories. A big yasher
koach and todah rabah to all of our students, faculty, and parents for making
MAKOM such a meaningful experience!!
S
116
===== PAGE 119 =====
fl
Youth Activities
m
CAMP KI TOV
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Upper Camp Director
Summer 2012 at Camp Ki Tov was another HUGE success!! Almost half
the staff from the prior year returned to camp excited to see the growth of
returning campers and eager to meet new campers. The children arrived
the first day excited and ready to show their spirit with hopes of receiving
the coveted “spirit stick.” This summer, campers explored new activities
such as hockey and tennis. They also enjoyed ice skating, eating snow
cones every afternoon, and joining in their favorite camp songs and cheers. Cooking was a weekly
activity led by our very own CIT’s. We welcomed Karianne Jaffa (a St. Johns County Science
Teacher) weekly for silly science experiments. The highlights of the summer definitely included our
new gaga pit, archery, and especially fishing.
Once again, each week’s activities revolved around themes such as Under the Big Top, The
Olympics and Nickelodeon Days. Over the course of the summer we ventured out to the ice skating
rink, the bowling alley, the San Marco Movie Theater, the beach and more.
Throughout the summer we were incredibly fortunate to have both Rabbi Olitzky and Hazzan
Holzer lead interesting Judaic-related activities and spend Shabbat with all age groups. Once more,
we were visited by counselors from Israel who brought the spirit and love of Israel to our campus.
Our objective this summer was to build on the momentum from previous years and we more than
achieved this goal. It took the involvement and support from many to make it happen. It is because
of the cohesive efforts of our clergy and administration, the loving parents, and the tremendous staff
of young men and women that Summer 2012 that Camp Ki Tov was another awesome success!!
Have a wonderful, happy and healthy year and we look forward to creating more memories with your children
during summer 2013 at Camp Ki Tov!!
Shereen Canady
Preschool Camp Director
Rabbi Jesse Olitzky
Camp Rabbi
L’ Shana Tovah,
Stephanie Teitelbaum Shereen Canady
Upper Camp Director Preschool Camp Director
117
===== PAGE 120 =====
(¡
Youth Activities
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is fortunate to have a large representation of youth participating in summer
programs. These programs are sponsored through the Conservative Movement and each one offers a great summer
opportunity for informal enrichment and meaningful education.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center sent 43 children to
camp this past summer. There are many opportuntities
to experience Camp Ramah Darom during the
summer. In addition to a four or eight week session
Camp Ramah Darom offers:
TASTE OF RAMAH
• An introductory program for children entering 3rd
or 4th grade to expose them to the magic of Camp
Ramah Darom
CAMP RAMAH DAROM
Michael Appel
Eli Mizrahi
Casey Balotin
Max Mizrahi
Parker Balotin
Ryan Mizrahi
Allie Bielski
Daniel Nabert
Cayla Canady
Douglas Nabert
Julia Canady
Montgomery Phillips
Gabi Cohen
Ethan Plotkin
Joel Cohen
Jared Plotkin
Ian Davis
Joey Plotkin
Jennifer Gordon
Noah Rosin-Borrousch
Jake Gould
Zachary Rosin-Borrousch
Hannah Gross
Micah Rubin
Lily Hernandez
Sarit Sandler
Aaron Kitay
Brooke Sapolsky
Shira Kitay
Gil Sapolsky
Evan Levy
Jacob Selevan
Rachel Levy
Alexander Wajsman
Avichai Lubliner
Shelby Weiss
Elior Lubliner
Nathan Zager
Itamar Lubliner
Brooke Zimmerman
Benjamin Miller
Josh Zimmerman
Sarah Miller
SUMMER FAMILY CAMP
• During the week, adults enjoy relaxation, recreation, and exciting classes taught by Jewish educators
while children participate in camp activities.
GRANDPARENT WEEKEND
• An opportunity to experience what your grandchildren do during the summer and learn why they love camp so much.
118
===== PAGE 121 =====
Youth Activities
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
On the Ramah Israel Seminar, Ramah campers spend six weeks on an
exciting and fun-filled in-depth program, complete with hikes, archaeology,
desert treks, simulation games and an incredible variety of hands-on
experiences! The program focuses on contemporary Israel in the context
of Jewish history, the Jewish tradition and the Middle East. A pre-Seminar
option is to spend eight days in Poland, emphasizing the vitality of Jewish
life prior to the Holocaust.
We are proud to have the following youth participate in these programs:
Ramah Israel Seminar Avi Rubin
We would like to take this opportunity to thank
everyone involved in funding our summer
scholarship programs:
Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth
Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Israel
Scholarship Fund, Center Sisterhood, Center
Youth Department, Horty T. Gendzier Men’s Club
Summer Scholarship Fund, Joan Fevin Gift of
Israel Program through the Jacksonville Jewish
Federation, Myra Their Fazarus Fund, Sylvia
Shorstein Scholarship Fund, Debbie Katz Ramah
Scholarship Fund.
119
===== PAGE 122 =====
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP
Real Estate Closings • Title Insurance
Leases • Wills and Probate
Business Law and Corporations
Real Estate Brokerage Law
Sawgrass
Asset Management, L.L.C.
3000-8 HARTLEY ROAD
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32257
A Florida-based
Registered Investment Advisor
Phone: 262-4242
fox 262-3717
website: www.ryanandmarks.com
Jeffrey B. Marks
Board Certified Real Estate Lawyer
jeff@ryanandmarks.com
William B. Ryan, Jr.
bill@ryanandmarks.com
MORRIS & MORRIS PA, CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
To Your Needs
• ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
• ESTATES AND TRUSTS
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 737-4241
Serving the Investment Needs of
Institutional Clients
Throughout Florida
ANDREW M. CANTOR, CFA, Principal
DAVID A. FURFINE, CFA, Partner
1579 The Greens Way, Suite 20
Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
904-493-5500
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
Incandescent
Flourescent
Quartz Halogen
Metal Halide
High Pressure Sodium
Mercury Vapor
Low Pressure Sodium
Miniature
Sealed Beam
Photo
Stage/Studio
Projection
Fiber Optic
Medical
Scientific
Micrographic
Sockets
Photo Controls
Flourescent Ballasts
Electronic Ballasts
HID Ballasts
Tube Guards
Carl Cushnir • Lighting Lenses
• Batteries
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc,
144 Stockton Street • Jacksonville, FL 3*2204
Local 904-260-2444 • Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
1211
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 123 =====
fr— Center Youth Department
A MESSAGE FROM THE YOUTH DIRECTOR
Welcome! You have just arrived at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Youth
Department. We are the premier youth program in Northeast Florida for teens
and children of all ages. What we create here at the Youth Department is a
home, a warm, loving and safe environment for Jewish youth to come together
to celebrate their lives. From social programming to social action programming,
we try to run the gamut of life to help our youth develop into creative, socially
active, thinking Jewish adults. We have a wonderful sense of family in our youth
department and we are always looking for ways to welcome more young people
and be the best we can possibly be.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center firmly believes in supporting the youth of
our synagogue. Towards this end we offer a variety of programs for children of
all ages. We have three active and successful youth groups that serve our youth
from fourth to twelfth grade. These groups offer the opportunity for preteens and
teens to strengthen their identification with Judaism and with the synagogue, as
well as to socialize and interact with their Jewish peers and friends.
Our goal and mission is to provide meaningful Jewish experiences that will leave a lasting impression on
our youth, helping them to become the Jewish leaders of tomorrow. Youth groups at the Center are a fantastic
way to meet, mingle, and make new friends. If you haven’t joined yet what are you waiting for??? Join
the most amazing youth group around and make friends and memories that last forever.
Gayle D. Bailys
Gayle Bailys
Director
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
Shari Shuman Rabbi Olitzky
The Youth Commission oversees all
youth organizations and programs sponsored
by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the
Center Day Camp. The committee is made up
of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that the
future of Conservative Judaism can be secured
through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth
Groups, the Youth Commission encourages our
youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah
Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities for our children
to share wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States.
The Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue
and community. Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are
sent that bring warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by
keeping us updated on their school mailing and email addresses.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is to bridge the invisible gap between the
home, the school and the synagogue. All of our youth
activities combined offer a unique opportunity to
stimulate educational, spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and Youth Director,
sets the standards and policies for these programs.
121
===== PAGE 124 =====
Our expert panel of psychologists and
Ph.D. organizational consultants put
the genius in Assessment Technologies
Group (ATG). Utilizing decades of
industry experience, our team combines
scientific practices with state-of-the-art
technology to produce concise, easy-
to-understand reporting.
Assessment Technologies Group is a
full service industrial/organizational
consultancy that provides insightful
analysis that powers better human
resource decisions. Whether you're
evaluating a job candidate or focusing
on improving employee performance,
ATG can help. The illustration at right
depicts our four areas of ingenuity
and how our services work
harmoniously to help you build your
own genius team. A phone call or
email is all you need to get started.
ATGenius
<c?
%>•
O'
o'?
LsAd,
£
#
5
QC
O
FuturesLeaders
TeamTech
Global
Diversity
& Culture
Organization
Structure
Organization Audits
Business Process
Design
Corporate Retreats
Strategy & Goal
Cascading
Talent-Driving
Compensation
Workforce
Planning
Hiring Management
Selection Support
Scoreable Structured Interview™
MAXXAttain Scorecard™
Headline News™
■ p”
j Assessment
A Technologies
Group
4887 Belfort Road, Suite 105 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | 904.332.7227 or 800.737.5622 assessment-tech.com
122
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 125 =====
Center Youth Groups
CHALUTZIM • GRADES 4 AND 5
OFFICERS
CO-PRESIDENTS
Elior Lubliner, Itamar Lubliner
VICE PRESIDENT Social Action
Maiah Jaffa
VICE PRESIDENT Programming
Eliza Aretz
CO-SECRETARIES
Ethan Levine, Laura Rogovin
123
===== PAGE 126 =====
^ecíi terra nía
0 RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
' ltuJL
V Qvfa&óZtLí
3877 Baymeadows Road
just off San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 731-4492
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
I 1:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
www.greekrestaurani.com
A-ONE
ELECTRICAL
SERVICE, INC
Serving All of Northeast Florida
EC-675
My clients include
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Philip Bloom
JOHN FLYNN
Owner
(904) 626-0032
BC
Philip H. Bloom
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
CERTIFIED AGING IN PLACE SPECIALIST
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904) 880-4667 • CELL (904) 993-4445
CGC036197
Free Water Testing
i
License # W-32
Affordable watfK
CONDITIONING* SOFTENING •PURIFICATIO
3
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
CERTIFIED
WATER
SPECIALIST
water
XkV Quality
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
AffordableWaterJax.com
£cm and Sm, ££C.
lawn & landscape services
Licensed Irrigation Installation, Maintenance & Repair
We treat your property as if it were our own
LOUIS SCHWARTZ
Horticulturist, B.S., M.S.
SPECIALIZING IN RESIDENTIAL & COMMERCIAL
OVER 30 YEARS PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
LICENSED AND INSURED
904-476-4703 E-MAIL louisandsons@comcast.net
BERMAN
BROS.. INC.
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
2500 Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 353-3694
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
124
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 127 =====
Center Youth Groups
KADIMA • GRADES 6, 7, 8
OFFICERS
CO-PRESIDENTS
Aaron Kitay, Joey Plotkin
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS SOCIAL ACTION
Hannah Gross, Reesa Zaifert
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS PROGRAMMING
Sam Goldstein, Avichai Lubliner
CO-SECRETARIES
Jake Gould, Hannah Silverstein
125
===== PAGE 128 =====
ARE BUGS AND WEEDS
A PAIN IN YOUR GRASS?
Lawn and Shrub Spraying • Indoor Pest Management
Termite Protection • Rodent Control • Fumigation
Garden Center and Landscape
BUGS WEEDS TERMITES RODENTS
Ask about our Crabgrass and Mosquito Treatments!
Call for your FREE estimate
(904) 733-7488
VANGUARD REALTY
The Paige Wajsman Team
Realtor®
Cell: 904-476-4120
Office: 904-269-7117
Email: paige@paigewajsman.com
Website: www.paigewajsman.com
Thconhy&wfxyr y&ur yxpport.
WLsHincpycrwco
Healthy ctvulHappy
New Year!
& Sheet TVietat (fa.
0
SINCE 1914
Exemplary customer service has been
our tradition for over 91 years.
3139 Walnut Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
(904) 354-4125
Fax (904) 354-4796
Email: since1914@bellsouth.net
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your
glass needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
Serving Northeast Florida
& Southeast Georgia
Locations to Better Serve You.
354-4643
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-4391 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
//
Thanks for your Patronage
9670 San Jose Blvd.
268-5949
//
126
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 129 =====
Center Youth Groups
UNITED SYNAGOGUE YOUTH • GRADES 9 12
OFFICERS
CO-PRESIDENTS
Jenna Levine, Hannah Mizrahi
CO VICE PRESIDENTS RELIGIOUS ED
Avi Rubin, Micah Rubin
VP MEMBERSHIP / KADIMA
Leslie Schemer
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS SOCIAL ACTION
Blair DeCrispino, Sarah Miller
CO-VICE PRESIDENTS ISRAELI AFFAIRS
Shira Kitay, Noah Levin
VICE PRESIDENT COMMUNICATION
Michael Appel
SECRETARY
Eli Mizrahi
VP PROGRAMMING
Charles DuBow
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
Wash everyday for only $30
when you join the
Monthly Wash Club
Valid at any CarbuX
Free Vacuums!
Free Mat Machines!
Raise money For your non-profit
with CarbuX FUNdraising
Check out FUNdraising § cartuxcafW35h.com
Mandarin
mss San Jose 8lvd,
Jacksonville FI, 52123
904.288.9744
Northside
1555 Dunn Ave,
Jacksonville FI, jm8
904.696.1444
Beaches
nm Beach Blvd.
Jacksonville Ft, IUU
904.992.9255
carbuxcarwash.com
facebook I twitter^
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
(904) 398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility
3599 University Boulevard S. Suite #804
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
346-3333
Fine Family Dining
Greek Cuisine
BDT Concepts, Inc.
www. bdtconcepts. com
Brian Williams
bwilliams@bdtconcepts.com
New & Compatible Toner Cartridges
Printers • Fax Machines • Point of Sale
Sales * Service * Supplies
5105 Philips Highway • Jacksonville, FL 32247
(904) 262-2590 • (800) 736-5199 • Fax: (904) 262-2565
Family Owned
Buckeye Cleaning Center-Jacksonville
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH - 733.1199 FAX 733.1269
SINCE
□ pen 6
LU N C H:
Mon. - Fri
11:00-2:30
Days a Week
dinner
Mon. - Sat
5:00 - 11:00
Shane Pipher
General Manager
4820 Executive Park Ct. - Ste. 102, Jacksonville. FL 32216
904/739-7700 • Fax 904/739-7714 • Cellular 904/874-4468
E-Mail spipher@buckeyeintemational.com
128
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 131 =====
■'1
y- Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service -<i
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you want. The main number
for the JJC switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits are busy, a recorded message will offer step-by-step
instructions to the extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department or person, simply dial: 268-4200
and follow the recorded instructions. If your party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity to
leave a voice message or return to the switchboard.
Here is a list of helpful extenstions: Dial 268-4200, then...
110 Rose Tincher, Receptionist
111 Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Edi tor
112 Don Kriss, Executive Director
113 Lori Schoettler, Director of Finance
and Operations
115 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
115 Cassie Vichozsky,
Rabbi Lubliner’s Executive Assistant
117 Leslie Manucy, Bookkeeping Dept.
120 Day School Computer Lab
129 Library - Karin Hallet, Librarian
134 Rabbi Jesse Olitzky
142 Margo’s Catering
143 Preschool Office
144 Shereen Canady,
Early Childhood Director
145 Ivy Kfare
146 Lois Tompkins,
Religious School Director
147 Talie Zaifert, Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School Director of Admissions
and Marketing
148 Jon Mitzmacher, Head of School
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
148 Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring,
Executive Assistant
149 Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
150 Brent Ganey, Facilities Supervisor
151 Kim Winters, Bookkeeping Dept.
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Hazzan Jesse Holzer
224 Scott Zimmerman, Ritual Director
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Coordinator
129
===== PAGE 132 =====
2013 VW CC
i 2013 Acura
Acura of Orange Park
AcuraOfOrangePark.com (904) 777-5600
Volkswagen of Orange Park
VWofOrangePark.com
(904) 777-0071
2013 Audi
mmm
Hyundai of Orange Park mammmm
Hyundai0f0rangePark.com (904) 899-0900
Audi Jacksonville
(904) 565-4000
AudiJax.com
Westside Hyundai
WestsideHyundai.com
(904) 384-0050
Fiat of Orange Park
Fiat0f0rangePark.com (904) 777-0079
Orange Park Mitsubishi
MitsubishiJax.com (904) 777-0079
Jack Hanania’s
COLLISION CENTER
1481 Wells Road Orange Park, FL 32073
904-269-7685
All Makes. All Models.
Maserati of Jacksonville coming soon!
VISIT US AT HANANIAAUTOS.COM
Jack Hanania’s
Acura of i Audi 1 Fiat of 1 Hyundai of I Orange Park I Volkswagen of 1 Westside
Orange Park I Jacksonville § Orange Park I Orange Park I Mitsubishi 1 Orange Park 1 Hyundai
proudly supports the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
130
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 133 =====
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257 • Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 • Fax: (904) 268-5292
This is for informational purposes. It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of August 10,2012
A
131
===== PAGE 134 =====
i
EMBASSY SUITES®
Jacksonville - Baymeadows
9300 Baymeadows Rd, Jacksonville, FL 32256
jacksonville.embassysuites.com
One for you, one for the kids.
You’re welcome.
When you stay with Embassy Suites, you get more. Like a spacious
two-room suite, complimentary drinks at our evening Manager’s
Reception* and free cooked to order breakfast. It all adds up to more
reasons to stay.
MORE REASONS TO STAY®
For reservations, call 800-362-2779; Group Sales, Luisa Arespacochaga 904-899-9510,
orvisltembassysuitesjax.com
Offer subject to availability; date restrictions and length-of-stay requirements may apply. Advance reservations required. ‘Service |_|1__| qj |\j
of alcoholic beverages subject to state and local laws. Must be of legal drinking age. ™ indicates a trademark of Hilton Worldwide. HILTON WORLDWIDE
©2011 Hilton Worldwide.
132
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 135 =====
B
133
===== PAGE 136 =====
PartyCity
NOBODY HAS MORE PARTY FOR LESS
biggest selection
AT THE
LOWEST PRICES!
Party Supplies, Party Favors,
Balloons & Helium, Cards, Invitations,
Gift Wrap, Seasonal Decorations,
Catering Supplies,
Costume Shop Open Year 'Round
Open 7 Days • 6 Nights
11112-12 San Jose Blvd.
9400 Atlantic Blvd. 6001 Argyle Forest Blvd.
262-2800 425-3124 777-1318
134
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 137 =====

===== PAGE 138 =====
When you vacation, why leave the best of home behind? At Homewood Suites, you can enjoy a real kitchen
with a full-size fridge, and a complimentary full, hot breakfast, plus a pool to play in. And we provide all this
because we think life on the road should be more about life, and less about the road.
So stay with us and MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME®.
Homewood Suites by Hilton® Jacksonville-South/St. Johns Ctr.
10434 Midtown Parkway, Jacksonville, FL 32246
(904) 641 “7988 | jacksonvillesouth.homewoodsuites.com | 1-800-CALL-HOME®
i A HILTON
FTHHONORS
© 2012 Hilton Worldwide
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
BY HILTON
136
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 139 =====

===== PAGE 140 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, inc.
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 388-2696
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CLC09184
GAINESVILLE, LLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS
TELEPHONE: (501) 220-6977
DAYTONA, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (386) 546-6039
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
138
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 141 =====
c
139
===== PAGE 142 =====
We Know
Joints and Muscles
Foot and Ankle
Pain Management
HeekinW orthopedic
Specialists
Because Your Mobility Matters
904-634-0640
www . heek inortho. com
•Tft
■
From left to right
Rahul Deshmukh, MD
Gavan Duffy, MD
Chris Goll, MD
R. David Heekin, MD, FACS
Robert Hurford, PhD, MD
Kenneth Cintron, MD
Kevin Murphy, MD
Paul Shirley, MD
Timothy Sternberg, DMD, MD
CenterONE Office
10475 Centurion Pkwy N, Suite 220
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Orange Park Office
2300 Park Ave, Suite 203
Orange Park, FL 32073
Beaches Office
232 Ponte Vedra Park Drive
Ponte Vedra, FL 32082
Riverside Office
2627 Riverside Ave, Suite 300
Jacksonville, FL 32204
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
JJJJI
IWW]
KNOWLEDGE
Jim Smith’s upper school art students get a real insider’s look
at what It takes to design and build unique floats, sculptures
and theatrical sets. You see, the faculty at Bolles is like no
other—Jim recently studied at a sculpture company that builds
floats in New Orleans. And all that he learned there was brought
directly back to his students at Bolles. Add to this a classroom
full of diverse cultures and backgrounds, and it’s easy to see
his students will practice and celebrate the fine art of learning.
From great teachers like Jim, a known sculptor himself, and
other thought-stimulating faculty, Bolles students receive an
extra advantage as well as a real world education. We call it
THE BOLLES KNOWLEDGE.
If you think your child would benefit from faculty
who have experienced learning all over the globe,
contact us today. You both will gain from it tomorrow.
Request your FREE Kit for Success by visiting
www.BollesSuccessKit.org or call (904)256-5030.
THE IE]
BOLLES
SCHOOL
ALL THINGS POSSIBLE
142
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====
D
143
===== PAGE 146 =====
1942
1939
We’ve grown up together
Family owned and operated since 1905, we know the importance of tradition and community. That’s
why at Claude Nolan Cadillac, we’re proud supporters of the Jacksonville Jewish Center because like
our family, they have served our community for over a century.
SINCE ?
1905
4700 Southside at Gate Pkwy. | 904.642.5111 | www.claudenolan.com
CLAUDE NOLAN CADILLAC
BEGIN A LASTING RELATIONSHIP
144
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====
E
145
===== PAGE 148 =====
or our
m
i
h/fiufr-'
aw¿
St. Johns Country Day School
EVERYTH I h
3100 Doctors Lake Drive Orange Park, Florida 32073
904.264.9572 www.sjcds.net
Welcoming families from PK3 - Grade 12
146
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====
F
147
===== PAGE 150 =====
Jacksonville
Orthopaedic
Institute
Northeast Florida's Most Respected Name in Orthopaedics®
We are proud to be members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center!
Garry S. Kitay, MD
Hand, Elbow b Shoulder Minimally
Invasive b Joint Replacement Surgery,
Microvascular Surgery
SAN MARCO
Michael S. Scharf, MD
Adult Spine Surgery,
Hip Reconstruction
SAN MARCO
Appointment Line: 904.346.3465
JOI provides high quality, comprehensive services for individuals of all ages in order
to promote and restore health and fitness to the highest level of function.
Patient care is coordinated so that all aspects of care are smoothly integrated and
streamlined from initial diagnosis through completion of treatment and rehabilitation.
joionline.net
Join us on Facebook!
f
Exclusive Sports Medicine Provider
JRCKSONUIUE
JAGUARS
148
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====

===== PAGE 152 =====
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., RA.
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ear, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 262-7“ ENT” (7368)
www.ent4kids.net
Eliot J. Safer
Attorney at Law
DUSS KENNEY
SAFER HAMPTON & JOOS, PA
4348 Southpoint Boulevard Telephone: 904.543.4300
Suite 101 Facsimile: 904.543.4301
Jacksonville, Florida 32216 Email: esafer@jaxfirm.com
150
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====
G
151
===== PAGE 154 =====
The Private Bank
WELLS
FARGO
I believe in dedication:
to my values,
my family, my work.
I need someone
who understands
my priorities.
I need someone
who knows
what it's like to be me.
With you when
At Wells Fargo Private Bank, we understand that your dedication to your family and community
is as important as your commitment to your business. That’s why we offer a dedicated team of
local professionals who take the time to understand your unique needs so you can focus your time
and energy into what’s most important—when it’s most important. To learn more about our wealth
management solutions, contact:
John Pisan
Regional Managing Director
(407) 649-5491
john.pisan@wellsfargo.com
wellsfargoprivatebank.com
Together we’ll go far
Investment and Insurance Products: ► NOT FDIC Insured ► NO Bank Guarantee ► MAY Lose Value
LENDER
Wells Fargo Private Bank provides products and services through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and its various affiliates and subsidiaries. Financial Advisors are registered representatives of Wells Fargo
Advisors, LLC (member SIPC), a registered broker-dealer and separate non-bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. Insurance products are available through insurance subsidiaries of Wells Fargo &
Company and underwritten by non-affiliated Insurance Companies. Not available in all states. © 2012 Wells Fargo Bank N.A. Member FDIC. NMLSR ID 399801
152
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====

===== PAGE 156 =====
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
PRESIDENT
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
FOOTBALL
FANATICS
AVENUES MALL
519-0099
ORANGE PARK MALL
269-0639
WWW.FOOTBALLFANATICS.COM
BEST WISHES FOR A
HAPPY & HEALTHY NEW YEAR
154
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 157 =====

===== PAGE 158 =====
NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
NEW LOCATION: 8081 PHILLIPS HWY. STE 20* JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
“Highest in Guest Satisfaction Among
Upscale Hotel Chains.”
-J.D Power and Associates
hotelindigo ,com/jd
Located in Tapestry Park
www.hoteldeerwoodpark.com
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
E.H.Thompson Company
“Food Service Equipment and Supplies Since 1912
& North Florida’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer”
INNOVATIVE
FOODSERVICE.
company
M hotel
©INDIGO
Heavy Duty
Cooking Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Products
Furniture
Custom Fabrication
Fax:
(904) 354-4448
Inspired service. Fresh Design.
• China, Glass & Silver
• Kitchen Supplies
• Bar Equipment
• Chemicals
• Refrigerators
• Bakery Equipment
TOLL FREE:
1-800-780-1555
358-
1555
156
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 159 =====
H
157
===== PAGE 160 =====
Minuteman
Press
Proud Member of the
® Jacksonville Business Community
The First & Last Step
In Printing
PRINTING
Letterhead
Envelopes
OTHER SERVICES
• Graphic Design
* Cross Media Campaigns
(PURLS & Email Blasts)
Newsletters
Brochures
Carbonless Forms
Books
Business Cards
Flyers
On-Line Ordering
• Variable Data
• Mail Services
• Lists
• Color Copying
• Faxes
• Advertising Specialties
• High Speed Copying
• Rubber Stamps
•Wedding Invitations
• Holiday Cards
4185 Sunbeam Road, Suite 100 • Jacksonville, FL 32257
tel: (904) 733-5578 • fax: (904) 733-6568
sales@mmpjax.com • www.mmpjax.com
- A locally-owned, family-run business -
158
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====
www.cruisersgrill.com
5613 San Jose Blvd. Suite 1
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-737-BURG (2874)
319 23rd Ave., South
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-270-0356
3 St. George Street
St. Augustine, FL 32084
904-824-6993
9734 Deerlake Court, Ste. 11
Jacksonville, FL 32246
904-646-2874
CRAIG MORGENTHAL, MD, FACS
GENERAL & LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
BARIATRIC SURGERY
Baptist Medical Pavilion
836 Prudential Dr. #1107
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Phone(904)398-0033
Fax (904) 398-6774
www.nflsurgeons.com
¿Pubiet' SÍ’imouAirtc, ¿fnv.
(90+) 737-1344
I^exus GS - Hummer
Infmiti FX4S - QX56
Excursion - Magnum
Land Yacht — 300
07 Escalade with Spa
Susie sot it Gom' on, _ # . ,
Susicsumoxom
A Gift of Mazel Tov Bonds Helps Support Every Aspect of Israel’s Economy,
Allowing for Advances in High-Tech, Biotechnology and Communications
PURCHASE ISRAEL BONDS ONLINE • ISRAELBONDS.COM
SRAEL© BONDS
Development Corporation for Israel/Israel Bonds
12600 South Belcher Road, Suite 101A • Largo, FL 33773
727.539.6445 • 800.622.8017 • tampa@israelbonds.com
Reva Pearlstein, Assistant Director
Monica DiGiovanni, Registered Represenative
Follow Israel Bonds on Facebook and Twitter
This Is not an offering, which can be made only by prospectus. Read the prospectus carefully before investing to fully evaluate the risks associated with investing in Israel bonds.
Issues subject to availability. Member FINRA Photos: Aleksandr Kutsayev, Corbis, Comstock, istockphoto.com
Thank you
Jacksonville Jewish Center
for your patronage
NORTH FLORIDA SURGEONS
BAPTIST DOWNTOWN DIVISION
Drs. Bowers, Crump, Felger, Hodgett,
Morgenthal & Polley
MAZEL TOV BONDS
160
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 163 =====
I
K
161
===== PAGE 164 =====
ITS Easy As 1-2-3
TO Be PEST FREL
BRANDON
Pest Control
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Palm Coast 447.0013
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
TERMIDOR' 2941 Dawn Rd. | Jacksonville FL 32207
WWW. PESTFREE .com
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGISTS
N Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA, Medical Director
Mark A Cohen, MD, MOHS Surgeon
Bruce Paley, DO • William Garvin, MD (ret)
Angela Y Armstrong, ARNP
Diseases, Laser and Surgery of the Hair, Skin and Nails
“Specializing in the Comprehensive Treatment for
Sun Damaged and Aging Skin”
Tumescent Liposuction • MOHS Surgery
The Quicklift MD- mini face, neck & brow lifts
Intense Pulse Light Laser for Sun Damaged Skin
Chemical Peels • Laser Resurfacing
Laser Hair Reduction and Laser Removal of Vascular &
Pigmented Lesions & Wrinkles
Botoxtm • Juvedermtm# Sculptratm« Restylanetm
‘Designated a Platinum Botox Injector since 2004
“Expertise, Experience and the Latest Technology
FOR ALL YOUR SKIN CARE PROBLEMS”
2055 Professional Center Drive
Orange Park, FL 32073
(904) 276-4500
www.dermatologyandlasercenter.net
dd'to'? nw-Q bm nro
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
Termites
» Subterranean
• Formosan
• Drywood
• Pre-Construction Wood
& Soil Treatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
Pests
* Ants | Roaches | Fleas
» Carpenter Ant Specialists
* Annually, Quarterly, Monthly
Fire Ants
♦ Guaranteed Annual
Fire Ant Program
for Lawns
Wishing you a year full of peace,
health and happiness.
Scot and Alexandra Ackerman
904.880.5522
10881 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32259
www.firstcoastoncology.com
DLC
Dermatology
& LASER
CENTER
162
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 165 =====

===== PAGE 166 =====
Bar /Bat Mltzvah Parties
joQitb Shabbat Dinners
J Weddings/Receptions
Any Special Occasion
Free transportation ^
and from the synag°9
for hotel guests.
Ramada
MANDARIN
The Pozin family invites you be our guest at our family owned
& operated hotel. We wish you health & happiness this year.
-295 & San Jose Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32257
904.268.8080 I www.jaxramada.com
IVito
ÍÜ
Weather Engineers, Inc.
Air Conditioning • Heating • Refrigeration Specialist
J. DANIEL GRIFFIN
President
1000 Edison Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32204-2819
904 356-3963 • Fax 356-4969
Call us for all your cleaning needs.
You never know when the unexpected
will happen.
Carpet Cleaning....Tile Floor
Cleaning....Wood Floor
Cleaning....Furniture & Drapery
Cleaning
process üílaáter, 3nc.
Family owned and operated for over 30 years.
(904) 725-0440
Italian Restaurant
The One and Only
The Original Family
owned and operated
authentic homemade
Italian Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
Serving Jacksonville for
28 years at the same location
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
www.vitosjax.com
vitosjax@comcast.net
164
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 167 =====
L
165
===== PAGE 168 =====
HANG. FINISH. SPRAY. SAND
Mark lee
President
Drywall
Office: 904.374.9824
Fax: 904.374.9859
Ceil: 904.703.6685
gatordrvwall@comcast.net
(^enable
Marketing & Media
Howard Wolpoff
904-451-8252
@EnableMarketing
howard@enableyourmarketing.com
www.enableyourmarketing.com
Brown & Brown
Superior Installations, Inc.
Professional, guaranteed
carpet installations and repairs.
Darían Brown
(904) 703 - 0967
Bbinstallation@comcast.net
I invite you to read my website,
JOELBRESSLER.COM
You will find information about preventing, treating,
mitigating and reversing many diseases through
Nutrition. I have made it my life’s project to help others
who may have these diseases, such as cardiovascular
problems, various types of cancer and what causes
them, diabetes, A.L.S., depression, arthritis,
stroke, osteoporosis, obesity, alcoholism,
Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s and many others.
Joel Bressler
WE BUY GOLD
Highest Prices Paid
Whether you’re looking for an insurance appraisal, jewelry repair, watch
repair, 14K and 18K gold chains, charms, rings and bracelets. Diamonds of
all sizes, precious and semi-precious stones. Seiko watches, silver jewelry
and the largest inventory of gold Judaic jewelry in Jacksonville.
La Tienda Jewelry is your complete source for all your jewelry needs,
with over 42 years of experience!
EXPERT JEWELRY
AND WATCH REPAIR
Hours of Operation
Monday - Thursday 9:00am - 6:00pm
Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm
6059 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Tel: 904.731.4646
Fax: 904.731.4625
JGraff@LaTiendaJewelry.com
www. LaTiendaJewel ry.com
166
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 169 =====

===== PAGE 170 =====
nuil ¡
===== PAGE 171 =====
M
169
===== PAGE 172 =====

===== PAGE 173 =====

===== PAGE 174 =====
N
O
P
172
===== PAGE 175 =====

===== PAGE 176 =====
R
174
===== PAGE 177 =====

===== PAGE 178 =====

===== PAGE 179 =====
s
177
===== PAGE 180 =====

===== PAGE 181 =====

===== PAGE 182 =====

===== PAGE 183 =====

===== PAGE 184 =====

===== PAGE 185 =====
T
183
===== PAGE 186 =====
V
184
===== PAGE 187 =====
w
185
===== PAGE 188 =====

===== PAGE 189 =====
Y
Z
187
===== PAGE 190 =====
FARM ©FORK
"FERNANDINA
29 South Third Street
Femandina Beach, FL 32034
904-277-7919
www.29SouthRestaurant.com
188
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 191 =====
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s
Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubavitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim 262-3565
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Community Foundation of
Northeast Florida 394-0720
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Jewish Federation of Jacksonville 448-5000
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Senior Services 260-1818
189
===== PAGE 192 =====
September 2012
Elul 5772 - Tishr
i
ei 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Elul 14 September 1
Shabbat Ends 8:25 pm
lb z
16 3
17 4
18 5
19 6
20 7
21 8
Labor Day
Bldg Closed
Light Candles 7:23 pm
Oneg Service 7:30 pm
3rd Annual Joint Selihot Program 8:30 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:16 pm
”22 W
23 10
24 11
25 12
26 13
27 14
28 15
Light Candles 7:15 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:07 pm
"23 TF
Érev Rosh Hashanah
Light Candles 7:12 pm
Tishrei 1 17
2 18
3 19
4 20
5 21
6 22
Tashlich Programs
6:00 pm
Rosh Hashanah
Light Candles 8:05 pm
Rosh Hashanah
Holiday Ends 8:03 pm
K-8 Back to School
Night 6:00 pm
Light Candles 7:06 pm
Shabbat Ends 7:58 pm
7 23
8 24
9 25
10 26
11 27
12 28
13 29
Erev of Yom Kippur
Light Candles 7:01 pm
Yom Kippur
Light Candles 6:57 pm
Shabbat Ends 7:49 pm
14 30
Érev Sukkot
Light Candles 6:55
October 2012
Tishrei 5773 - Cheshvan 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Tishrei 15 October 1
16 2
17 3
18 4
19 5
20 6
Sukkot
Light Candles 7:47 pm
Sukkot
Sukkot
Sukkot
Sukkot Fest 5:30 pm
Light Candles 6:49 pm
Adult Sukkot
Dinner 7:00 pm
Sukkot
Ramah Shabbat Sukkot
Shabbat Ends 7:41 pm
21 /
Sukkot
Light Candles 6:46 pm
22 8
CT>
CO
CM
24 10
25 11
26 12
27 13
Shemini Atzeret
Young Family Simchat
Torah Program 5:30 pm
Light Candles 7:39 pm
Simchat Torah
Holiday Ends 7:38 pm
Gross
B M itzvah
Light Candles 6:41 pm
Shabbat tnds 7:33 pm
Ü8 IT
29 15
30 16
Cheshvan 1 17
2 18
3 19
4 20
Light Candles 6:33 pm
Shabbat Ends 7:26 pm
5 21
6 33
7 53
8 37
9 33
73 35
_
| Howard
B M itzvah |
Light Candles 6:26 pm
Shabbat Ends 7:19 om
12 28
73 55
74 5S
73 ^
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
November 2012
Cheshvan 5773 - Kislev 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Cheshvan 16 Nov 1
18 3
16
30
Light Candles 6:20 pm
Oneg Service 7:30 pm
Shabbat Ends 7:14 pm
TS T
20 5
21 6
22 7
23 8
24 9
25 10
S’hood Luncheon
11:30 am
Weiss
B M itzvah
Light Candles 5:15 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:10 om
26 11
27 12
28 13
29 14
Kislev 1 15
2 16
3 17
Kadima Convention
Light Candles 5:11 pm
Kadima Convention
Shabbat Ends 6:07 pm
"3 TF
Kadima Convention
5 19
6 20
7 21
8 22
9 23
10 24
Thanksgiving Day
Light Candles 5:09 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:05 pm
11 25
12 26
13 27
14 28
15 29
15 29
Light Candles 5:08 pm
December 2012
Kislev 5773 - Tevet 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Kislev 17 Dec 1
New Member Shabbat
Tiyyul to Shul
Shabbat Ends 6:04 pm
16 Z
19 3
20 4
21 5
22 6
23 7
24 8
M arg o I
B M itzvah
Light Candles 5:08 pm
Oneg Service 7:30 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:05 pm
T5 W
26 10
27 11
28 12
29 13
Tevet 1 14
2 15
Hanukkah Dinner &
Program 5:00 pm
| Phillips
B M itzvah
Light Candles 5:10 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:07 pm
"3 IF
1 T7
5 18
6 19
7 20
8 5T
"9 55"
Mail
B M itzvah
Light Candles 5:13 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:10 pm
10 23
11 24
12 25
13 26
14 27
IE W
TE 55"
Light Candles 5:17 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:14 pm
17 30
18 31
New Year’s Eve
191
===== PAGE 194 =====
January 2013
Tevet 5773 - Shei
/at 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Tevet19 Jan 1
20 2
21 3
22 4
23 5
New Year’s Day
Bldg. Closed
Light Candles 5:21 pm
Oneg Service 7:30 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:19 pm
24 3
25 7
CO
CO
C\i
27 9
28 10
29 11
Shevat 1 12
Light Candles 5:27 pm
S’hood Shabbat 12:00 am
Shabbat Ends 6:24 pm
2 13
3 14
4 15
5 16
6 17
7 18
8 19
ISchlecter
B M i tz vah|
Light Candles 5:33 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:30 pm
"5 20"
10 21
11 22
CO
C\J
CM
13 24
14 25
15 26
| A Cappella
Shabbaton-1
Light Candles 5:39 pm
Tu B’shvat
Shabbat Ends 6:35 pm
16 27
17 28
18 29
19 30
20 3T
February 2013
Shevat 5773 - Adar 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Shevat 21 Feb 1
22 2
Light Candles 5:45 pm
Oneg Service 7:30 pm
Kindergarten Shabbat
MJGDS Consecration
Shabbat Ends 6:41 pm
23 3
World Wide Wrap 8:00 am
24 4
25 5
26 6
h-
h-
<M
28 8
29 9
| Wolfson
B M i tzva h
Light Candles 5:51 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:46 pm
00
o
o
Adar 1 11
2 12
3 13
4 14
5 15
6 16
Light Candles 5:56 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:52 pm
7 1/
—
CO
T—
00
1§
TÜ 2cJ
Ti 2T
T2 22
Light Candles 6:02 pm
Shabbat Ends 6:57 pm
Purim - Megilah Reading
14 24
Purim
15 25
16 26
C\j
r-
"18 28
192
===== PAGE 195 =====
March 2
Adar 57;
1013
!3 - Nissi
an 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Adar 19 March 1
20 2
Light Candles 6:07 pm
Shabbat Ends 7:01 pm
21 3
22 4
23 5
24 6
25 7
26 8
27 9
USY Convention
Light Candles 6:12 pm
USY Convention
Shabbat Ends 7:06 pm
TB TTF
USY Convention 12:00 am
29 11
Nissan 1 12
2 13
3 14
4 15
5 16
| Gottlieb
B M itzvah |
Light Candles 7:16 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:10 pm
T> i7"
7 18
8 19
9 20
10 21
11 22
12 23
Light Candles 7:21 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:15 pm
13 24
14 25
15 „ 26
16 27
17 28
18 29
19 30
Erev Passover
Light Candles 7:23 pm
Congregational Seder
7:30 pm
Passover
Light Candles 8:17 pm
Passover
Passover
Passover
Light Candles 7:25 pm
Passover
Shabbat Ends 8:19 pm
20 31
Passover Light Candles 7:26
April 2013
Nissan 5773 - Ivar5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Nissan 21 April 1
22 2
23 3
24 4
25 5
26 6
Passover
Light Candles 8:21 pm
Passover
Holiday Ends 8:21 pm
| Marlowe
B M itzvah |
Light Candles 7:29 pm
Oneg Service 8:00 pm
$?habbat Ends 8:24 pm
28 8
29 9
lyar 1 11
2 12
3 13
Light Candles 7:34 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:29 pm
"4 IT
5 15
6 16
7 17
8 18
9 19
10 20
Light Candles 7:38 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:33 pm
n ir
Par 2 Tournament
1:00 pm
T2 22
13 33
15 33
17 3T
| Zimmerman
B M itzvah |
Light Candles 7:42 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:39 pm
18 28
19 29
20 30
193
===== PAGE 196 =====
May 2013
Ivar 5773 - Sivan
5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
lyar 21 May 1
22 2
CO
CO
CM
24 4
| Anchel/Ewing
B M itzvah |
Light Candles 7:47 pm
Oneg Service 8:00 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:44 om
2b 5
26 6
27 7
28 8
29 9
Sivan 1 10
2 11
BASRS Consecration
6:00 pm
Light Candles 7:51 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:49 pm
"3 TF
4 13
5 14
6 15
7 16
8 17
9 18
Light Candles 7:54 pm
Erev Shavuot
Light Candles 8:52 pm
Shavuot
Holiday Ends 8:53 pm
Shavuot
BASRS graduation
6:30 pm
Light Candles 7:56 pm
Siyyum Graduation
Shabbat Ends 8:54 pm
TO TF
11 20
12 2T
13 22
14 23
75 24
lO
CM
CD
Za i f e rt
B M itzvah
Light Candles 8:00 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:59 pm
17 26
18 27
19 28
20 29
21 30
"22 sn
S’hood Luncheon
11:30 am
Family Friday Service
& Dinner 5:30 pm
Light Candles 8:04 pm
June 2013
Sivan 5773 - Tammuz 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Sivan 23 June 1
Shabbat Ends 9:03 pm
24 2
LDVD Celebration 10:00 am
25 3
26 4
27 5
28 6
29 7
30 8
MS Graduation
10:30 am
Light Candles 8:08 pm
Oneg Service 8:00 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:07 pm
Tammuz 1 9
2 10
3 11
4 12
5 13
6 14
7 15
VPK Celebration
11:00 am
Light Candles 8:11 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:10 pm
"8 TF
9 17
10 18
n Í2
1 2Ó
75 2T
T7 22"
Light Candles 8:13 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:12 pm
15 23
"re 2?
17 25
75 25
79 27
"20 25"
"21 20"
Light Candles 8:14 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:13 pm
22 30
194
===== PAGE 197 =====
July 2013
Tammuz 5773 - Av 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Tammuz 23 July 1
24 2
25 3
26 4
27 5
28 6
Light Candles 8:14 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:13 pm
29 /
Av 1 8
2 9
3 10
4 11
5 12
6 13
Light Candles 8:13 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:11 pm
7 14
8 15
9 16
10 17
11 18
12 19
13 20
Light Candles 8:10 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:08 pm
T? 2T
15 22
16 23
Tf 54
T3 53
19 26
"20 57"
Light Candles 8:07 pm
Shabbat Ends 9:03 pm
21 28
22 29
23 ' 30
24 31
August 2013
Av 5773 - Elul 5773
MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SAT/SUN
Av 25 August 1
26 2
CO
h-
CM
Sommers
B M itzvah
Light Candles 8:02 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:58 pm
"28 7
29 5
30 6
Elul 1 7
2 8
3 5
4 10
I Feig
B M itzvah
Light Candles 7:56 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:51 pm
5 11
Adult B’nai Mitzvah Class
11:00 am
6 12
7 13
8 14
9 15
10 16
11 17
D u B o w
B M itzvah
Light Candles 7:50 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:44 pm
12 iW
13 T3
o
CM
T5 5T
75 55
V 55
15 57
Parnés
B M itzvah
Light Candles 7:42 pm
Shabbat Ends 8:36 pm
50 55
21 57
55 55
55 55
o
CO
n-
CM
"55 37
195
===== PAGE 198 =====
VShana Tova
Best Wishes
to Everyone for
a Happy, Healthy, Sweet
New Year
VShana Tova
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Nina & Sophie
196
===== PAGE 199 =====
UShana Tova
Good Health
Happiness and Peace
to Friends and Family
Throughout the Year
The Selevan Family
Jack
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
197
===== PAGE 200 =====
Wishing You a Year
Filled with Love
and Laughter.
The Zimmerman Family
4
198
===== PAGE 201 =====
ÜShana Tova
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Heathly New Year
Laurie & Linda DuBow
Susan & Shira
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Joshua & Samantha
===== PAGE 202 =====
1
L’Shana Tova
1
Good Health, Happiness & Peace
to You and Yours
Throughout the Year
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
L’Shana Tova
Drs. Jeffrey & llene Levenson
Annie Levenson & Peter Ganong
Brian & Eric Levenson
200
===== PAGE 203 =====
L’Shana Tova
May the Coming Year
Bring to you all the Blessings
of Health, Peace & Joy
The Shorstein Family
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Jack & Tricia
Bettman
L’Shana Tova
Wishing you a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Harriet & Ernie Brodsky
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Ansley & Ashton Brodsky
201
===== PAGE 204 =====
1
L’Shana Tova
1
Best Wishes
for a Healthy & Happy
New Year
Merle & Ron Cherry
Marc, Jenny, Ethan
& Bradley
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin, Amy & Dylan
Nathan, Diane
Elizabeth, Emily
& Laura Goldman
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Gail, Paul
& Liza Furman
and
Sylvia Gottlieb
Renee & Alan Gordon
Ronnie & Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natalie
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Elbe Claire
Dana, Jack & Georgia
202
===== PAGE 205 =====
L’Shana Tova
May the Coming Year
Bring You Joy
& Happiness
Good Health & Peace
Bruce, Edith, Sam
Max & Mindy Horovitz
ttSCKfl bu
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
—High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
A Year of Peace &
Blessing to all the Members
of the Center Family
nsiE nau
Shana Tova
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan
Avichai, Elior
& Itamar Lubliner
VShana Tova
We wish all our friends
& relatives a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Debby & Alan Katz
and F amily
Our Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
& Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
203
===== PAGE 206 =====
ü
L’Shana Tova
npinai mía mwh
May this be a year of
Happiness, Health
And Peace for us all
Rabbi Jesse, Andrea
& Cayla Olitzky
Wishing Everyone a
Very Happy & Healthy
New Year
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
& Ethan Plotkin
A very Happy &
Healthy New Year to
Rabbi Lubliner & family.
Rabbi Olitzky & family and
Hazzan Holzer & family and
to the entire congregation
Hope to see all of you
on Shabbat.
Barbara Parker
Jeffrey & Debbie Parker & Family
Dr. Larry & Stacie Wilf & Family
■DTDfi rDita natf1?
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew, Dede & Antia Lily
Morry & Rachel
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi & Louis
Sara & Brian Binder
204
===== PAGE 207 =====
r ► — L’Shana Tova 4 }
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
Best Wishes for a
New Year
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Alan & Ellen
Rachel & Jesse
Ellen, Barry
Adam & Lauren
& Dena Setzer
Gabe Rosner
Best Wishes
Best Wishes for a
for a Healthy &
Healthy & Happy
Happy New Year
New Year
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Michael & Lauren Setzer
Janet & Michael
Scharf
Benjamin, Melanie, George
& Zachary Setzer
Faye & Ari Schuchman
205
===== PAGE 208 =====
VShana Tova ■*
VShana Tova
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Greg & Barbara Arnold
VShana Tova
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
Josh & Carly
For the New Year
& Always...
Health, Happiness
& Peace
to You & Yours
The Weitzen Family
Jerry & Dianne
Michael, Mangala
Maya & Joseph
Leah, Tim & Skye Seymour
Mandy & Jeremy Harris
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
Wishing Everyone a
Happy & Healthy New Year
The Berger Family
Brad & Ruthie
Eric, Tori & Hailey
Happy New Year
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
& Jodi Schneider
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth
Emily & Laura Goldman
206
===== PAGE 209 =====
L’Shana Tova
Happy New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Jodi Schneider
Sincere Wishes for a Healthy
Happy New Year
Jerry Funk
Amy, Jordan &
Abbie Petersen
L’Shana Tova
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley, Izabella & Max
Brian, Amy, Charlotte & Parker
Wishing you Peace, Health
& Prosperity in the
Year to Come
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
May You All Have a Year of
Health, Happiness & Peace
Robin. Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
Best Wishes for a Year
Filled with Health
Happiness & Peace
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Cara
Emily & Erik
After 46 Years It’s
Good to be Back Home!
Happy New Year
Phyllis & Bob Fischer
Happy New Year
The Goldstein Family
Jeff, Doris, Max & Aliza
Ellen & Houman Hemmati
207
===== PAGE 210 =====
A Happy, Healthy
& Peaceful New Year
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
New Year
Elaine Aston Mendelson
L’Shana Tova
Wishing you the
Sweetness of a New Year
Jan, Bruce
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
L’Shana Tova
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
————
May we all be Blessed with a
Year of Health, Joy & Peace!
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Sylvia Lubliner
and Family
r — — - - — ——— — - - — — —i
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay
Whitney & Jillian Rosenberg
Wishing You a Sweet
& Healthy New Year
Wishing you, your Family
& Friends a Wonderful
Warm & Fulfilling New Year
L’Shana Tova
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
& Gabrielle Margol
The Schoettlers
Jim, Lori, Kyle, Katie & Josh
208
===== PAGE 211 =====
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Wishing Everyone a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Nancy & Seeman
Mary & Leonard Selber
and Family
Zimmerman
Cara, Justin & Riley
Our Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Judy & Steve Silverman
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Happy New Year
Anita, Jeffrey & Jessica
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy Eli
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
& Gabriella Eden Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas, Stella Rachel
Daisy Fay & Jerry Mordechai Muzin
Wishing You a Year
Filled with Many Blessings
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Our
Friends, Family & Chavurah
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
Arlene & Evan Yegelwel
Esther & Michael Raffol
Tania Yegelwel
Wishing You a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Larry, Carla, Josh
Geri & Sam Bernard
===== PAGE 212 =====
Best Wishes for the New Year
Best Wishes for a
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
Happy & Healthy New Year
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Health & Happiness
Carole Goldberg & Family
Best Wishes to All Our Friends
Best Wishes for a Healthy
Peaceful & Successful New Year
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
Goldstein & Maiman Families
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
La Verne & Andrew Cantor
Adam & Megan Cantor, Sara & Dimitri Kavalieros
Ayden, Elliot & Theodore
Best Wishes on a
Healthy & Happy New Year
The Gottlieb Family
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
L’Shana Tova
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family
Bobbie Heyman & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Anita Dittman
Ricky, Elaine & Lauren Mack
Mark & Erica Gottlieb
Gary & Arlene Schwartz
L’Shana Tova
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh & Tara Kornblum
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Lester, Sandy & Bobbi Edelstein
Mindy, Walker & Rachel Whaley
Best Wishes for a
Peaceful & Healthy New Year
The Krestul Family
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
L’Shana Tova
Janet & Don Kriss
Ben & Pat Frisch & Family
210
===== PAGE 213 =====
[ ► L’Shana Tova 4 *
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
“No Act of IDPI, No Matter
How Small, Is Ever Wasted”
Love, Judy Naftulin Geller Nevel
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Health & Happiness
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
VShana Tova
Kathy, Morrie & Ashley Lois Osterer
Natalie, Eli, Esther Shira
Simcha Leah & Batya Yaela Menaged
Jessica, Victor & Shayna Yvette Hassid
Melissa & Douglas Storch
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
1
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
1
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee, Mischa & Aaron Pollock
I
Warmest Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
1
Barbara & Bennie Margol
Wishing You a Year of Good Health
Happiness, Contentment & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
i;
May the Coming Year be a Happy One
for You & Yours
1
Marilyn & Mike Mass
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
VShana Tova
Dr. Edward & Judy Mizrahi
and Family
Best Wishes, Good Health & Happy New Year
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol, Douglas, Zita, Tzuriel
Shmuel Chaim & Shalva Weinstein
VShana Tova
Faye, Steven, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Wishing You a Year of Good
Health & Peace
George & Ellen Rubens
Joshua, Cara, Jacob, Zachary & Levi
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Robin, Jeffery, Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron, Noa & Vered Stember
Wishing You a Healthy
& Happy New Year
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
211
===== PAGE 214 =====
r "i
I ► L’Shana Tova gj 1
Best Wishes for a Year
of Peace, Health & Happiness
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
Wishing Everyone a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Edward, Millie
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
May the Coming Year bring you Joy &
Happiness, Good Health & Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
Wishing You a Fruitful Year
Full of Love & Happiness
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael and Hilda Warfield
L’Shana Tova Tikatavn
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Lisa & Stefanie
Ivy, Joshua & Nathan Jack Weingram
L’Shana Tova
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Kyler & Taryn
For the New Year & Always
Health, Happiness & Peace
Dr. Kenneth & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige &
Henry Benjamin, Elizabeth & Sarah
L’Shana Tova
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
L’Shana Tova Tikatavu
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Wishing Your Family a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Beth, Howie, Evan
Andrew & Emma Wolpoff
Wishing our Family and Friends
a Healthy, Happy, Peaceful
& Prosperous New Year
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
L’Shana Tova
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Happy New Year
Estelle & Stuart Beckerman
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Carole & Barry Sinoff
L’Shana Tova
Mort & Vera Benjamin
Happy New Year
Marsha Berdit & Family
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
Greetings & Best Wishes
Edward E. Bernard
Happy New Year
Gertrude Bernhardt & Family
212
===== PAGE 215 =====
W J-y OfIJllM
/i IUVA |
L’Shana Tova
Ken and Jeryl Bodack
L’Shana Tova
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Annette Grauer
Happy New Year
Bonnie Gelman
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Philip & Linda Bloom
Lauren, Sasha & Charlie
L’Shana Tova
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
Wishing You a Healthy & Happy New Year
Naomie & Bob Bossen
L’Shana Tova
Neil, Minda, Josh & Jennie Gordon
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year
May Grann & Family
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Becky Bromberg
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben Hoffenberg
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
1 , , . ... ....
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
A Happy & Healthy New Year to all Our Fellow Congregants
Allan & Kathy Cohen
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Arthur Hurwitz and Family
To one and all, have a wonderful New Year
Jerry & Kathy Cohn
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
L’Shana Tova
Sandi Driben
A Happy Healthy New Year
Sheldon & Harriett Kaplan, Lee, Kevin & Darleen
A Happy & Peaceful New Year
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
Wishing You a New Year filled with many
Blessings of Peace, Health & Happiness
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Alan Edelstein
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy Year
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof & Family
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Martin, Betty, Angela & Joshua Edwards
Happy New Year
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Happy New Year from Our Family to Yours!
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline & Amelia Ernas
l—
A Happy & Healthy New Year to All
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Arlene Faracchio
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hy Kliman & Family
L’Shana Tova to All
Heather, Lenny, Jeremy, David & Shira Ferman
Peace, Good Health & Happiness for the New Year
Jack Koolik
===== PAGE 216 =====
i ► L’Shana Tova 41
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Jason & Lauren Rubin
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Arlene, Jerry, Jason & Ingrid Rademan
Alyssa, Matthew & Ella Paige Siegel
A Happy, Healthy New Year
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
Happy & Healthy New Year
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
Our Best Wishes for a Happy, Healthy New Year
Naomi & Larry Lazar
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Happy New Year
Richard & Tammy Lesnik & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Devon, Perrin, Avi & Micah Rubin
New Year’s Greetings
Kal & Judith Levinson
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Bernard & Celia Sachs
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
May This New Year Bring Happiness & Peace to You
& Those You Love
Frances Schemer & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jeff and Penny Marks
Happy New Year
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair, Erin
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
Happy New Year
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg & Sharon Michaels
A Happy & Healthy New Year
David, Priscilla, Jason
Matthew & Shoshana Schmerer
Happy New Year
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Dena, Jonathan, Debra, Sara & Bruce
Happy New Year
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
L’Shana Tova u ‘Metuka!
Susan, Jeff, Melissa & Sarah Neadle
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim, Talia, liana & Ross Shmunes
L’Shana Tova u ‘Metuka
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Maura, Alex, Hannah & Joel Silverstein
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Barbara & Philip Pakula
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Family & Friends
Doris & Fred Singer
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
Best Wishes for a Peaceful New Year
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Martin & Charles Pett
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Joan & Ben Talpalar
Happiness, Peace & Good Health
Ron & Lita Poehlman
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Rose Tincher
214
===== PAGE 217 =====
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Rexine, Charles & Asher Trager
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year to All
Harry & Dot Verstandig
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Sumner & Joan Waitz
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow & Family
Wishing You a Sweet & Healthy New Year
Todd, Lara, Griffith & Alana Werwa
Happy New Year
Daniel, Cathy, Life, Mari, Travis
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin, George & Zachary Setzer
Wishing you a Happy & Healthy New Year
Zipora Zucker
Dr. Mark & Roz Abramson & Family
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler & Family
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Gail & Neil Baron
Brian & Judie Benwick
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Yakov Feig, Denise Sherman, Joshua & Anna
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Etta Fialkow
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Rose Goldberg
Helen Goldman & Family
Sol & Hilda Goldman
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Diane & Allen Gray & Family
Roz Hecht
Faye, Dan & Milly Hedrick
The Honigmans
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Mimi & Marty Kaufman & Family
Walter & Sylvia Kraemer
Dorothy S. Legum
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Phyllis Paul Lewis & Family
Clara & Milton Mann
Carol & Harvey Matoren
Hilda Mazo & Family
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
Lillian Meizlik
Judith B. Mizrahi
Jeanne Nussbaum & Family
Rebecca & Donald Perlin
Leon Robins & Family
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
William Rose
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Mr. & Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
Ann & Leon Silke & Family
Lynn Sussman
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier & Family
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Tompkins
Sandra Weiss & Family
Carole & Howard Wolpin
Elsie Yellin
Benjamin Zimmerman
===== PAGE 218 =====
r
181
im
" 'Uk.
7~he Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Board oj Directors,
Cler^Lj
and Staff
ola a
Wish J
Bajppu and
Health
'ear
m liiiii
JACKSONVILLE
1SKS JEWISH
■9* 'J C ENTER
216
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Oar Advertisers
===== PAGE 219 =====
P—Directory of Advertisers
29 South Restaurant
188
c
F
Cady Custom Trim
....26
Farmers Market
2
A
Cady Homes & Remodeling, Inc
....26
First Coast Oncology -
162
A A Susies Limousine, Inc
160
Cakes and More by Catrina
44
Scot Ackerman M.D.
A-ONE Electrical Service, Inc
124
Cancer Specialists of North Florida -
94
Football Fanatics
54
Abramson, Mark L. M.D
128
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
Ackerman, Scot M.D.
CarBux Carwash
...128
G
First Coast Oncology
.162
Catering by Liz Grenamyer
49
Gator Drywall
166
Acura of Orange Park
.130
Claude Nolan Cadillac
...144
Gay, W.W. -
A Fantasy in Flowers
...54
Coldwell Banker
...126
Mechanical Contractor, Inc
138
Affordable Water
,124
Vanguard Realty, Paige Wajsman
George H. Hewell and
AIC
...34
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy
12
Son Funeral Homes
63
Assessment Technologies Group -
Craig Morgenthal, MD, FACS -
...160
Goldfield, Ira E. CLU ChFC
8
Stephen Pollan
,122
North Florida Surgeons
Greene-Hazel &
Athens Café
,128
Cruisers Grill
...160
Associates, Inc Inside Back Cover
Atlantic Security
...94
Robert Handmaker
Grenamyer, Liz Catering by
49
Audi Jacksonville
.130
D
H
B
Dan Harris PhotoArt
45
Hair Cuttery
56
Balotin, Scott M. -
Daniel L. Wohl,M.D.,P.A. -
...150
Ham, Bob Eyewear
126
Digger Capital Management, Inc
...42
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
Hardage - Giddens Funeral Homes
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
D’Land Entertainment
49
and Cemeteries
62
Barzak, Rabbi Israel J. - Certified Mohel
...47
Development Corporation for
Harris L. Rittenberg D.M.D
126
BDT Concepts, Inc
.128
Israel State of Israel Bonds
...160
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside, CPA
124
Berman Bros., Inc
.124
Digger Capital Management, Inc. -
42
Heeken Orthopedic Specialist
140
Beachvlew Event Rentals & Design
...55
Scott M. Balotin
Hewell, George H. and Son
Bistro AIX
...86
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center -
...162
Funeral Homes
63
Blosam Constructors, Inc. -
.124
N. Fred Eaglstein D.O., P.A.
Homewood Suites Hilton -
Philip H. Bloom
Duss Kenney Safer -
St. Johns Town Center
136
Bob Ham Eyewear
.126
Hampton and Joos. P.A.-
...150
Hotel INDIGO
156
Borland-Groover Clinic-
...18
Eliot J. Safer
Hyundai of Orange Park
130
Lawrence S. Goldberg MD
Mark L. Fleisher MD
E
1
Brandon Pest Control-
.162
Eaglstein, Fred N. D.O., P.A. -
...162
Impressions -
45
Stuart Herman
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center
Randee Steinberg
Brown & Brown Superior Installations, Inc. 166
E.H. Thompson Company
...156
Shari Saye
Brumos Motor Cars Inside Front Cover
Eliot J. Safer-
...150
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU ChFC
8
Brumos Autowerks
Duss Kenney
Israel Bonds
160
Brumos Collision Centers
Safer Hampton and Joos, P.A.
Brumos Porsche
Embassy Suites Hotel
,...132
Brumos Racing
Enable Marketing & Media -
....166
Bubis, Jeffrey A. D.O., FACOI, FACP -
...94
Howard Wolpoff
Cancer Specialists of North Florida
Enza’s Restaurant
56
Buckeye Cleaning Center-Jacksonville....
.128
Espling Jewelers
48
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc
-20
Evergreen Cemetery
62
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
Bressler, Joel 160
217
===== PAGE 220 =====
fe—Directory of Advertisers
J
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 130
Acura or Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Fiat of Orange Park
Hanania Collision Center
Hyundai of Orange Park
Maserati of Jacksonville
Miami Acura
Orange Park Mitsubishi
Volkswagen of Orange Park
Westside Hyundai
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc. ■ 120
Carl Cushnir
Joel Bressler 166
JOI - Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute - 148
Michael S. Scharf, MD
Garry S. Kitay, MD
JNF - Jewish National Fund 16
K
Kaplan, Sheldon J. Ph.D. & Associates 46
Kirby Rentals, LLC 48
Kuhn Flowers 52
L
LaTienda Jewelry And Pawn 166
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 126
Lexus of Jacksonville Inside Front Cover
Lexus of Orange Park Inside Front Cove
Louis and Sons, LLC 124
IVI
Magnetix Entertainment 54
Marks, Jeffrey B.
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 120
Margo’s Catering 44
Mark L. Abramson M.D 128
Mark Spivak’s -
Institute of Fine Arts Dance Extention.... 46
Mediterrania Restaurant 124
Mercedes-Benz of
Orange Park Inside Front Cover
Minuteman Press 158
Morris & Morris P.A., CPA- 120
Joel C. Morris
N
North Florida Surgeons - 160
Craig Morgenthal, MD, FACS
0
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixiology 56
P
Paige Wajsman - 126
Coldwell Banker, Vanguard Realty
Party City -
The Discount Party Super Store -
Dana Zaifert 134
Patten School Bus Services, Inc 94
Piner’s Lock & Safe 128
PRI Productions 50
Process Master, Inc 164
Publix 94
R
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak - Certified Mohel 47
Ramada Conference Center - 164
Fred Pozin
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D 126
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic 12
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 120
Jeffrey B. Marks
S
Safer, Eliot J. - Duss Kenney 150
Safer Hampton & Joos, P.A.
Sandler, Jeffrey M.D., FACS - Back Cover
Bartram Park Family ENT
SawGrass Asset Management, LLC 120
Andrew M. Cantor, CFA, Principal
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D. & Associates 46
Shorstein, Michael A. - 34
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys at Law, P.A.
smart Center Jacksonville... Inside Front Cover
Solstice Lawn Care LLC 1
Stephens Roofing & Sheet Metal Co 126
St. Johns Country Day School 146
Southern Monument Company, Incorported ..60
Spivak’s Mark -
Institute of Fine Art Dance Extention 46
Sprinter Inside Front Cover
Stein Mart 48
Susan DuBow & Nancy Lantinberg 52
Event planning
T
Tallis Photograph 57
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions Inc 154
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A.- 94
Evan J. Yegelwel
The Brumos Companies -...Inside Front Cover
Brumos Autowerks
Brumos Collision Center
Brumos Motor Car - Mercedes-Benz
Brumos Porsche
Brumos Racing
Lexus of Jacksonville
Lexus of Orange Park
Mercedes-Benz of Orange Park
smart Center of Jacksonville
Sprinter
The Bolles School 142
The Loop Pizza Grill 86
The Wells & Drew Companies 47
Thompson, E.H. Company 156
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 126
Tumbling Kids - Gymnastics and Fitness 46
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency - 10
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Vaughan & Son Pest Control 94
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 164
Volkswagen of Orange Park 130
W
Wajsman, Paige- 126
Coldwell Banker, Vanguard Realty
Watson Plumbling 42
Weather Engineers, Inc 164
Wells Fargo Private Bank 152
Westside Hyundia 130
Winn Dixie 14
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D., P.A.- Pediatric and
Adolescent Otolaryngology 150
W.W. Gay-
Mechanical Contractors, Inc 138
Y
Yegelwel, Evan J.
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A 94
218
===== PAGE 221 =====
í ► Advertisers Classified 4
Accountants - Certified Public
Hartman, Biitch & Gartside CPA 124
Morris & Morris P.A., CPA 120
Joel C. Morris, JD,MBA,CPA
Adoptions
Shorstein & Kelly - Attorneys At Law P.A... 34
Michael A. Shorstein
Air Conditioning - Heating Commercial
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions, Inc 154
Weather Engineers, Inc 164
Apparel Children
Stein Mart 48
Apparel Men
Stein Mart 48
Apparel Women
Stein Mart 48
Attorneys
Duss Kenney Safer Hampton & Joos, P.A. ..150
Eliot J. Safer
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 120
Jeffrey B. Marks
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys At Law, P.A 34
Michael A. Shorstein
Terrall Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A 94
Evan J. Yegelwel
Audio -Visual - Equipment
Renting - Leasing
PRI Productions 50
Automobile Dealers
Claude Nolan Cadillac 144
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 130
Acura or Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Fiat of Orange Park
Hanania Collision Center
Hyundai of Orange Park
Maserati of Jacksonville
Miami Acura
Orange Park Mitsubishi
Volkswagen of Orange Park
Westside Hyundai
The Brumos Companies ....Inside Front Cover
Brumos Autowerks
Brumos Collision Centers
Brumos Motor Car - Mercedes-Benz
Brumos Porsche
Brumos Racing
The Brumos Companies (continued)
Lexus of Jacksonville
Lexus of Orange Park
Mercedes-Benz of Orange Park
smart Center Jacksonville
Sprinter
Bakers - Baked Goods
Cakes and More by Catrina 44
Balloons - Novelty - Decorative
Kuhn Flowers 52
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store 134
Dana Zaifert
Banks
Well Fargo Private Bank 152
Battery Supplies
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery Inc 120
Carl Cushnir
Beauty Salons - Services - Supply
Hair Cuttery 156
Beverage Catering
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 56
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
A-ONE Electrical Service 124
Blosam Constructors, Inc 124
Philip H. Bloom
Cady Homes & Remodeling, Inc 26
Gator Drywall 166
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc 138
Custom Trim Contractors
Cady Custom Trim 26
Cady Homes & Remodeling, Inc.
Business Process Design
Assessment Technologies Group 122
Stephen Pollan
Calligraphers
Impressions 45
Randee Steinberg
Shari Saye
Car Wash and
Detail Express Service
CarBux Carwash 128
Carpet Installation & Repair
Brown & Brown Superior Installations, Inc .166
Carpet - Rug - Cleaners
Process Master Inc 164
Caterers
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 49
Margo’s Catering 44
Caterering Supplies
Party City -
The Discount Party Super Store -
Dana Zaifert 134
E.H. Thompson Company 156
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery 62
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Home and
Cemeteries 62
Chemicals
Buckeye Cleaning Center-Jacksonville 128
E.H. Thompson Company 156
Communications
AIC 26
Atlantic Security 94
Computers - Supplies - Parts
BDT Concepts, Inc 128
Costumes
Party City -
The Discount Party Super Store -
Dana Zaifert 134
Counselors
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D. & Associates 46
Dancing Instruction
Mark Spivak’s Institute of Fine Arts Dance
Extension 46
Decorator Linens
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 55
Kirby Rentals, LLC 48
PRI 50
219
===== PAGE 222 =====
I ► Advertisers Classified 4
Dentist
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 126
Dermatologists
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center 162
N. Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA
Drywall Contractors
Gator Drywall 166
Elder Accounting
Morris & Morris PA, CPS 120
Joel C. Morris, JD, MBA, CPA
Engravers - Stationary
Impressions 45
The Wells & Drew Companies 47
Entertainment
D’Land Entertainment 49
Magnetix Entertainment 54
PRI 50
Susan DuBow & Nancy Lantinberg 52
Event planning
Estate Planning
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc... 20
Allan A. Cohen CFP, CPA/PFS
Event Planning
Beachvlew Event Rentals & Design 55
Kirby Rentals, LLC 48
PRI Productions 50
Susan DuBow & Nancy Lantinberg 52
Event planning
Eye Glass Frames
Bob Ham Eyewear 126
Financial Planners
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc... 20
Allan A. Cohen
Fine Jewelry
Espling Jewelers 48
La Tienda Jewelry And Pawn 166
Florists
A Fantasy In Flowers 54
Kuhn Flowers 52
Food Service -
Equipment-Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 156
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell and Son Funeral Homes... 63
Hardage-GIddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 62
Gift - Specialty
Football Fanatics 154
Glass - Automobile - Plate
Window - Residential - Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 126
Graphic Design
Minuteman Press 158
PRI Productions 50
Grocers
Publix 94
Winn Dixie 14
Gymnastics - Fitness
Tumbling Kids 46
Hotels
Embassy Suites Hotel 132
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 136
Hotel INDIGO 156
Ramada Conference Center 164
Fred Pozin
Human Resources
Assessment Technologies Group 122
Stephen Pollan
Insurance
Greene-Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Inside Back Cover
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 10
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Investment Advisors
Digger Capital Management Inc 42
Scott M. Balotin
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc... 20
Allan A. Cohen CFP, CPA/PFS
SawGrass Asset Management LLC 120
Andrew M. Canor CFA, Principal
Invitations - Announcements
Impressions 45
Randee Steinberg
Shari Saye
Party City - The Discount Party Super Store .134
Dana Zaifert
Irrigation Installation
Maintenance & Repair
Louis and Sons, LLC 124
Israel Bonds
Development Corporation for Israel 160
State of Israel Bonds
Jewelry - Repairing
Espling Jewelers 48
La Tienda Jewelry And Pawn 166
Kosher Products
Publix 94
Winn Dixie 14
Lawn Service - Landscape
Louis and Sons, LLC 124
Solstice Lawncare 1
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 126
Leadership Development - Training
Assessment Tchnologies Group 122
Stephen Pollan
Light Bulbs-Tubes
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc 120
Carl Cushnir
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 160
Locks - Locksmith
Plner’s Lock & Safe 128
Mechanical Contractor
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc 138
Medical - Dental Centers
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
Borland - Groover Clinic 18
Cancer Specialist of North Florida 94
CPT- Center for Physical Therapy 12
Daniel I.Wohl, M.D..P.A 150
220
===== PAGE 223 =====
P Advertisers Classified
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center 162
First Coast Oncology 162
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 126
Heeken Orthopedic Specialist 140
JOI • Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute.... 148
Mark L. Abramson, M.D 128
North Florida Surgeons 160
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A 12
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 126
Mohel - Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 47
Monuments - Markers
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated 60
National Organizations
JNF - Jewish National Fund 16
Nurseries - Plants - Dish Gardens
A Fantasy in Flowers 54
Farmers Market 2
Kuhn Flowers 52
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 126
Nutrition
Joel Bressler 166
Opticians
Bob Ham Eyewear 126
Organic - Ethnic
Specialty Produce
Farmers Market 2
Organization Design Development
Assessment Technologies Group 122
Stephen Pollan
Orthopedic Specialists
Heekin Orthopedic Specialist 140
JOI - Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute.... 148
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic 12
Party Supplies - Party Favors
Party City -
The Discount Party Super Store -
Dana Zaifert 134
Pawnbrokers
La Tienda Jewelry And Pawn 166
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 162
Stuart Herman
Trad’s Garden Center & Pest Control 126
Vaughan & Son Pest Control 94
Photo Booth
Dan Harris PhotoArt 45
Photography
Dan Harris PhotoArt 45
Tallis Photograph 57
Physicians - Psychologists
Counselers
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility 128
Bartram Park Family ENT Back Cover
Jeffrey Sandler, M.D.,FACS
Borland - Groover Clinic 18
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murray L, Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd I. Sack, M.D.
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
Steve S. Harvey, M.D.
Jose M. Nieto, D.O.
Scott T. Cooper, M.D.
Apurv K. Varia, M.D.
Michael B. Ibach, M.D.
M.Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.d.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D,
John M. Peterson, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Hong T. Tek, M. D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Augusto Lopez -Torrez, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
Michael E. Herman D.O.
Thomas J. Flannery M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Ben Pineau, M.D.
W.A. (Sandra) Hoogerwerf, M.D.
Linda DiTeodoro, M.D.
Andrew R. Brown, M.D.
George T. Nassar, M.D.
JoeG. Khoury, M.D.
Ali Lankarani, M.D.
Debbie Williams, PA-C
Ngoclan Dinh, M.D.
Kevin M. Comar, M.D.
William F. Foody, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP, PhD
Kristen I. Cerasi, PA-C
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Laura Boudreaux, ARNP
Cancer Specialist of North Florida 94
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO,FACOI,FACP
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy 12
Sam Rogozinski
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D.,P.A. Pediatric and
Adolescent Otoloryngology 150
DLC - Dermatology & Laser Center 162
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O., P.A.
Mark A. Cohen, M.D., MOHS
Bruce Paley, D.O.
Angela Y. Armstrong, ARNP
First Coast Oncology 162
Scot Ackerman, M.D.
Ryan Perkins, M.D.
Paul Ossi, M.D.
Heeken Orthopedic Specialist 140
Rahul Deshmukh, MD
Gavan Duffy, MD
Chris Goll, MD
R. David Heekin, MD, FACS
Robert Hurford, PhD, MD
Kenneth Cintron, MD
Kevin Murphy, MD
Paul Shirley, MD
Timothy Sternberg, DMD, MD
JOI - Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute.... 148
Garry S. Kitay, M.D.
Michael S. Scharf, M.D.
North Florida Surgeons 160
Craig Morgenthal, M.D.,FACS
Drs. Bower, Crump, Felger, Hodgett,
Morgenthal & Polley
221
===== PAGE 224 =====
► Advertisers Classified 4}
Physicians - Psychologists
Counselors (Continued)
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A 12
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D & Associates 46
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 124
Plumbling ■ Contractors
Watson Plumbing 42
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc.... 138
Printers
Minuteman Press 158
Produce
Farmers Market 2
Psychologists
Sheldon J. Kaplan, PhD & Associates 46
Real Estate
Paige Wajsman - Coldwell Banker 126
Vanguard Realty
Refrigeration Specialists
Weather Engineers, Inc 164
Rental Services
Beachview Event Rental & Design 55
Kirby Rentals LLC 48
Restaurants
29 South Restaurant 188
Athens Café 128
Bistro AIX 86
Cruisers Grill 160
Enza’s Italian Restaurant 56
Mediterrania Restaurant 124
The Loop Pizza Grill 86
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 164
Restaurant Equipment - Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 156
Retirement Planning
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc... 20
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
Roofing - Contractors
Stephens Roofing & Sheet Metal Co 126
Safes - Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Safe 128
Schools Academic
Secondary & Elementary
St. Johns Country Day School 146
The Bolles School 142
School Bus Rental
Patten School Bus Services, Inc 94
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealers
Berman Bros., Inc 124
Security Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 94
Security Surveillance Equipment
AIC 26
Signs - Granite
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated .60
Specialists - Liver &
Digestive Diseases
Borland - Groover Clinic 18
Spine - Joint Reconstruction
Heekin Orthopedic Specialist 140
JOI - Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute.... 148
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic 12
Sports Apparel - Gifts
Football Fanatics 154
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
CPT - Center for Physical Therapy 12
Heekin Orthopedic Specialist 140
JOI - Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute.... 148
Surgery - Bariatric - General
Laparoscopic
North Florida Surgeons 160
Craig Morgenthal, M.D..FACS
Tax Planning - Preparation
Morris & Morris PA, CPA 120
Joel C. Morris, JD, MBA, CPA
Therapists
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D & Associates 46
Tile & Wood Floor Cleaning
Process Master, Inc 162
Toner Cartridges
BCT Concepts, Inc 128
Tub - Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 126
Tumbling
Tumbling Kids 46
Video Production Services
PRI Production 50
Voice - Data Specialists
AIC 26
Water Filters • Purifiers
Affordable Water 124
Wedding Cakes
Cakes and More by Catrina 40
Wedding - Catering Accessories
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 55
Kirby Rentals LLC 48
Wedding Consultant - Planning
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 55
Kirby Rentals LLC 48
PRI Productions 50
Wealth Management Specialists
Butensky & Cohen Financial Security, Inc... 20
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
Wills and Probate
Ryan and Marks Attorneys, LLP 120
222
===== PAGE 225 =====
Working Locally, Thinking Globally
GREENE-HAZEL
& Associates, Inc.
904.398.1234 • greenehazel.com
===== PAGE 226 =====
ENTIRE
Don’t miss any more sweet nothings in life.
1. Can you hear but not understand?
2. Do you prefer the TV or radio louder than others do?
3. Do you have difficulty understanding in groups of people?
4. Do you find yourself complaining that people are mumbling?
5. Are you continuously asking people to repeat themselves?
6. Do you avoid group meetings or social occasions where hearing
is difficult?
If you answered “yes” to at least two of these questions, you should have
your hearing tested. Having a comprehensive hearing evaluation and
consultation with certified Audiologist Jodi Green is the first step to
better hearing. Make an appointment today!
Certified Audiologist Jodi Green, MA, CCC-A
• Comprehensive hearing and balance evaluations
• Hearing aid dispensing with 30 day trial period
• Hearing aid repairs
• Assistive Listening Devices
• Custom fit recreational molds
Board Certified Otolaryngologist
Jeffrey Sandler, MD, FACS
• Minimal Invasive Sinus Surgery / In Office Sinus Surgery
• Head and Neck Surgery
• Thyroid and Endocrine Surgery /Treatment
• Sleep Apnea/Snoring
• Throat Problems
Bartram Park Family ENT
o
UtL *
WKhÉl
For appointments please call
904-446-9191
JEFFREY SANDLER, MD, FACS
13241 Bartram Park Blvd., Suite 801
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
(Near the Kohl’s/Publix Shopping Center, Old St. Augustine Rd.West of 1-95
www.jaxfamilyent.com
