ewish Community Council

“Israel has become the principal authority-giving element in Jewish life today.
... Israel appears to have ended a period lasting well over a century during
which there was no clear-cut source of authority in Jewish life.

... The fact that Israel has become the new source of authority represents a

break with tradition . . provides a means for uniting a people with very diverse
beliefs.” (Elazar)

Israel is the force and symbol that most excites Jews today in the United
States and, naturally, in Jacksonville. Since funding for Israel is so important
and high priority, the Jacksonville Jewish Community Council has become the
important and focal organization in Jacksonville. It is the focal point of almost
all the Jewish organizations in the city. Because all other Jewish American com-
munities are included in the above sentiment, the Council is linked through a
somewhat loose organizational network to all aspects of Israeli, national and
regional endeavors.

The continuing Israeli-Arab crisis, emphasized by the wars of 1967 and 1973,

i has served to confirm and establish the realization that not only are Jews bound ce 8
Ted Cohn, President together by religious affiliation, but they are bound together as a people by a Gerald Goldsmith
common fate. Executive Director

The Jacksonville community has begun to realize that in order to be a part of the total Jewish community, it must also develop itself into a
strong and knowledgeable community in Jacksonville. The Council is one of the prime Jewish sources of funds for River Garden and Jewish
Family & Children’s Service. Not only does the Council allocate funds to ADL, but it works in conjunction with the ADL Regional Office in
Miami in stemming anti-Semitism which has reared its head recently in our state.

This past summer the Council, in cooperation with the four synagogues of Jacksonville, has undertaken a survey of the conditions of Jewish
education in Jacksonville. The survey has been published and the Council has already allocated a significant sum to be used when proper solu-
tions and recommendations are adopted by all concerned.

The Council has a program, based on anational guidelines, for the development of the future leaders of the Jacksonville community. Men
and women from all synagogues and organizations recommend those whom they wish for this training, so that a continuity of competent and
interested leaders in all phases of Jewish life will carry on the community’s work.

The Women’s Council of Presidents and the Women’s Educational Program that the Council sponsors, ensures both harmony and en-
thused, well-informed leaders in our community.

Through Council allocation, a number of Jewish Russian families have been brought in to Jacksonville. This has been a new endeavor and
the Council has collected all its resources to make this project a smooth-running and more successful endeavor than ever in the future.

One definition of Judaism includes the phrase . . . “and asense of peoplehood” . .. The members of the Jewish community in Jacksonville,
through the Jewish Community Council and the host of Jewish organizations, are developing a sense of unity and of responsibility for the
physical and spiritual welfare of the Jewish people locally and for all other Jews wherever they may be. E. Theodore Cohn, President

 

‘i

 

 
 

 

4
3
:

 

 

to R; Jack Price, 1978 Cannosien Gheimen ernie foclierme Minister E. Thasdaw @ohn Moncicnor John J. feeninan and Jack Newsom from
Yitzhak Rabin; Mickey Kersun, Chai Dinner Chairman. the Mayor’s office, proclaim Holocaust Week.

permssenen

Education Day - Sponsored by Women’s
Division. L-R; Mimi Kersun, President

 

 

 

 

1977-78, Dr. Joyce Brothers, Lois a oe :
Chepenik, Education Chairwoman. Past Presidents - L-R; Arnold Vandroff, Al Schneider, Harry “My Shalom”, My Peace Awards

Gendzier, Jack Becker, Joel Goldman, Ben Friedman, to our “budding” artists.
Edgar Felson.

231
