iver Garden

Hebrew Home for the Aged

Administrative

Sidney Entman, Executive Director

Mrs. Frank Dyal, Associate Administrator
Martin Goetz, Associate Administrator
Dr. Malcolm Ford, Medical Director

Officers

Serving with Coleman are: Jack Schwager, president-elect; Martin
Wolf, treasurer; Peter Winterfield, secretary; and Minnie Schreiber, chairman
of the Board of Trustees. Also serving as vice-presidents are Lewis Meisel, a oe
Admissions Board Chairman; Co-Chairman, Herman Paul and Dr. Michael Jack Coleman
Greenburg; Eli Becker, House Committee; Mrs. Joseph Bernstein, Public
Relations; Mrs. Roy Jd. Sloat, Life Enrichment; and Dr. Harry Yoffee, Medical Director.

Elected to the Endowment Board were Norman Hofheimer, Chairman, and Joe Becker, Dr. Sam Witten,
Ike Witten, and Martin Wolf.

Newly elected to the Board of Trustees for a three-year term are: Eli Becker, Sidney Berkowitz, Ted Cohn,
Mrs. Phillip N. Coleman, Mrs. Jack Dorman, Bennett Hirsch, Norman Hofheimer, Albert Kofka, Lewis Meisel,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mizrahi, Herman Paul, Jack Price, Mrs. Moe Safer, Minnie Schreiber, Jack Schwager,
Alfred Seitner, Dr. Harry Yoffee and Sam Spevak.

Continuing to serve on the Board of Trustees are: Mrs. Joseph Bernstein, Donald Cohn, Aaron Block,
Jack Coleman, Harry Gendzier, Gus Dobbie, Sheldon Gendzier, William Dubow, Mrs. Abe Horovitz, S. William
Goldstein, Mrs. Nathan Newman, Dr. Michael Greenburg, Mrs. Roy J. Sloat, Arthur Gutman, Lou Small, Sol
Katz, Brent Turbow, Irving Klepper, Ike Witten, Dr. Melvin Newman, Dr. Sam Witten, Franklin Reinstine,
Peter Winterfield, Mrs. Jack Schwager, Mrs. Sam Witten, Mrs. Ike Witten, and Martin Wolf.

 

Calendar of Activities:

3rd Monday of each month - Admissions Board - 8:00 P.M.
4th Monday of each month - Board of Trustees - 8:00 P.M.
Anniversary Day - March 25, 1978, 2-5 P.M.

By a coincidence of the calendar, this year’s anniversary day, March 25, 1978 was the same Sunday and date of the month
when River Garden held its first Open House March 25, 1946. Since that date, there has been continuing progress in meeting
the needs of the Jewish Communities of Florida. From a colonial mansion housing 12 residents to a modern, specially
designed facility serving 190 frail and elderly reflects the concerns and interests of our people in observing the Fifth
Commandment “Honor thy Father and Mother... ”

In an era, when the miracles of medical sciences has extended life for many for beyond the three score and ten, River
Garden anticipated the needs of those elderly who might require a protected environment and provided these services in a
home like atmosphere. There are many problems in provided these services in a home like atmosphere. There are many
problems in providing medical, nursing, dietary and other services essential to the basic activities for daily living for 190
residents on a 24 hour basis for 365 days in the year. All too often, the individual gets lost in the mechanics of providing
services and that intangible element of “caring” so necessary to nurture life gets lost.

235
