National Council of Jewish Women

 

President. a oe ce Sybil Ansbacher

UP Administration <......+.. 4... - Eileen Kaufman

V.P. Community Service ......... Leonore Michelson

VP PublicAfiais <6. Honey Donziger

ViP Membershipes.:<.. 0536 ks Joanne Davis

UEP Program 3. 2c em a ce Elaine Roberts
4RCCONdING SeChelan):<3 44. ee Mary Levin

Corresponding Secretary ..............- Idlene Slaff

Financial Secretary... 6 s245..5. ss oc Eunice Zisser

Mreasurern: 2... bees Dorothy Shlafer : | ee
Parliamentarian. .0.23745 2405... Janet Mason ~

L to R; Past President, Ruth Slutzah, Joanne Davis, Honey Donziger, Elaine
Roberts, Lenore Michelson, Sybil Ansbacher, Eileen Kaufman.

National Council of Jewish Women is an organization which, in the spirit of Judaism, is dedicated to furthering human welfare in the Jewish
and general community, locally, nationally, and internationally.

Our community service projects include: Pre-school vision testing to discover sight problems in the young child; service to foreign born; the
“Art Enrichment Program” which trains volunteers at the Art Museum to bring and discuss art in the public and private schools. The Mental
Health Forum, in coalition with the Mental Health Association, which attracts over 2000 participants yearly; and a film of the Mock Trial,
“Pursuit of Privacy”, produced by our Section is available for educational use through the Haydon Burns Library.

In Israel, National Council of Jewish Women’s Educational Research Center is an innovative program for education of the disadvantaged.
Fellowships for Israeli teachers and social workers who wish to study in our country and the continued maintenance of NCJW’s Hebrew
University High School are all projects which are helping to educate Israel’s youth.

NCJW’s legislative group, “Talk and Tour” and our advocacy programs have been educational for our members and effective in promoting
Council’s concerns on a national, state and local level. Members have been active in coalition with League of Women Voters in a successful
voter registration project.

A trip to Tallahassee during the legislative session is available to all members and puts into action many of our priorities as well as being an
exhilarating experience.

Our Regular Membership Meetings are the third Wednesday of the month. The programs are:
Sept. 20, 1978 - Brunch with Dr. Sheldon Kaplan, Guest Speaker
Oct. 18, 1978 - Evening meeting with former State Senator Jack Matthews discussing Constitutional Revision
Nov. 15, 1978 - Luncheon for Paid Up Members, Fashions by Clothes Collection
Nov. 26, 1978 - Bargainata
Jan. 17, 1979 - Luncheon, “Women in Power”
March 21, 1979 - “Council goes to The Movies”
April 26, 1979 - Mental Health Forum
May 16, 1979 - Installation

US Cag hap C ag hag Tag hig Tip tip hig hag Cig tag tage Cag Tag Cap hag Tag Uap tag tag Cag Vag tip Cag Cag hag tig tag Gag tap Tag Cag tag tap Cag tag ean tag tap tap ag Cap hag Cap Sag apt ag ap tap tag tap Cag tape ip tag tag tap ag tag Cag tape ag tape ag Canta Cag Cag Cag tag tag ag tape ag tag ea pep tape ap tinea tap tan tap tentang tap tanta teeta Tee Eee Cag Cen Cae Cee Tee eae Capa ea et

es
cs

LL LL La LW UL La a

TW nas

gearher? et

LT UT La La

WEDDINGS, PORTRAITS, BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS |
Commercial and Social Functions
“We want you to be in pictures”

LO Lo Lo Lo La a Lo Lo

LL La La aw

2052 San Marco Boulevard Phone (904) 396-6986

mMoIUwwuwWWwWWwUvWvUUU Wu ww wu ww www ww WLULW WU II WLI ILIIIULILILULULILULUWLULULUILII I ULLIILULJ III WLIILILILO LLL LULL LL LL Lo wy

2951
