PreSIGCn eee ee i alee Alan Taffet
Vice-Presidents:
Membership= 69 se ee Irvin Rothstein
Public Relations 3.5 ee ee ae Abe Bielski
PVOGraMmmMinG. ook a se Dr. Milton Mann
PrOlCClSice ee ae Joel Bressler
EGUGGHON. 2 ro he ae en a Rabbi Gary Perras
eV CASULCh sO ee et ns Ann Shmunes
ICCOMGINGSeCChCIONW) 2.5.56 -54..-- 25. Wendy Honigman
@orresponding Secreiany 7.32.5. ..2- 2 5. =: Lillian Meizlik
Ghairmanofthe Board <..3....:.... Dr. Joseph Honigman

 

Board Members: __ Jack Becker, Cantor A. Marton, Leonard

Selber, Hyman Selber, Al Weinstein, Isadore Moscovitz,
David Goodman, Emanuel Ehrlich, Jay Graff, Mike Dunay.

“A PROCLAMATION OF JEWISH COMMITTMENT TO ZIONISM”

When in the course of human events is becomes necessary for the Jewish People to
involve themselves with each other and to assume, among the peoples of the earth their
rightful place which the laws of nature and of natures God entitle them, a decent respect
for themselves must be evinced and requires they should act with self interest, declare the
cause which will save them to be their cause and loudly and proudly proclaim themselves

to be Zionists.

We hold these truths to be self evident, to shirk from this proclamation now 1s to
beckon the wolf to the door and into the house, to forget history 1s to relive tt, and for the
support of this proclamation with the love of God we mutually pledge to each other our

lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.

A. Taffet

Qe

Founded in 1897, the Zionist Organization of America has been a moving spirit toward
the establishment and maintenance of a free, secure, and independent STATE OF
ISRAEL. To be Zionist is to be committed to Israel and the future of the Jewish people.

The Jacksonville district of ZOA has held meetings all year to coordinate committee
activities involving Programs, Public Relations, Membership, and Response to Media.

On April 2, 1978 ZOA sponsored a gala banquet for the Jewish National Fund to honor
the memory of Fran Wilensky. This was the most successful JNF banquet in recent
years.

The President attended the 80th National Convention in Israel and the National
Executive Council in Washington, D.C. and reported to the membership.

An energetic and successful campaign was waged to elect a ZOA slate at the 29th
World Zionist Congress in Jerusalem, attended by Jack Becker.

The objective of ZOA is to interpret and improve the Israeli and Jewish image before
the bar of American public opinion and articulate the Zionist position for our elected
officials to foster American support for Israel and counter the Arab propaganda
campaign.

Commit yourself to the preservation of Jewish identity and dignity everywhere by
becoming a member of ZOA. Any ZOA officer will provide you with membership,
information; or call Irvin Rothstein at 396-3898.

ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT

P.O. BOX 23780
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
32217

 

LR. ST. Alan Taffet, Dr. Milton Mann, Rabbi Gary Perras, Abe Bielski, Joel

Bressler, seated; Cantor Abraham Marton, Pearl Marton, Ina Taffet.

Alan Taffet on the way to
Allon Mare West Bank
Settlement, at Green
Line of 1948.

 

Alan and Ina Taffet at National Conference of
ZOA held in Washington, D.C.

241
