Solomon Schechter Day School P.T.A.

Solomon Schechter P.T.A.

The Solomon Schechter P.T.A. has been one of the most supportive groups
of the Day School. Formed in 1967, it continues to strive to encourage better
relationships between the parents and teachers. Through its programming,
parents and teachers are advised on many important issues. This past year,

Carol Delaney, M. Ed., at the University of North Florida, discussed “How to Officers of P.T.A.
Help your Child Learn”. It was a most informative program. Dr. Leon Spotts, President... . 602... «......-.... Rhoda.Goldstein
consultant to our Day School Hebrew Department, spoke to the group and Vice-Presidents
expressed his satisfaction and enthusiasm of the way in which the school was Fund Raising .........4.:........, Shirley Bieski
achieving its goals. Programs ..2..2.................. SueAlterman
Special projects of the P.T.A. for this coming year include; A Book and Membership .................... Chary Greenburg
Poster Fair, Sale of Magazine Subscriptions, A Dinner Theatre and a special RecordingSecretary ................. Marilyn Mass
treat for the youngsters during the Winter vacation - lunch and movies to be Corresponding Secretary ........... CarolynKrestul
held at the Center. Treasurer ........e..eeceeeeeeee+s. Sharon Witten
The very successful Student Council is advised by aP.T.A. representative. Flospitality.. =... bok ose Diane Weitzen
One program that has met with tasty success is the Hot Lunch program. JAVON OA BS ce rsh is ee 1Sabel Balotin
One Wednesday a month a hot lunch is served. On the other Wednesdays Holiday Observance ............... JudyH. Mizrahi
sandwiches are prepared. Both have been accepted very well by the students Student Council Advisor ................. SuziRoey
and teachers. P.T.A. has worked very hard to make the Day School a fine EunchiRrogram........ weeseese.. Harriet Brodsky
school of learning. Through their fund-raising programs, audio-visual equip- BookFair....... Bi ae ..++e.-.--. Ellen Schnipper
ment and athletic equipment are purchased. We are proud of these accom- Librannc 2 ee Eee ot ee .. Idlene Slaff
plishments and look forward to an even better year. Parliamentarian ....... Sse eee ... Horty Gendzier

On the following page are pictures of the Beauty
Pageant that was chaired by Shirley Bielski and
Suzi Roey. Not only was it a financial success but

it was a fun evening. Special thanks to the Center
family for its support and to the men who were great
sports.

 
 
 

STUDENT COUNCIL SCHOOL STORE

STUDENT COUNCIL OFFICERS; L-R; Beth Mizrahi, Secretary, Melissa
Roey, Vice-President, P.T.A. Advisor, Shirley Bielski, Robin Selber, Treasurer,
Seth Movsovitz, President. The school store is one of the very successful en-
deavors of the council. It performs a service as well as being a great fund-raiser.

 

Student Council Representatives

Front Row L-R; Robin Selber, Beth Mizrahi, Seth
Movsovitz, Melissa Roey, 2nd Row; Simeon Abramson,
Ellis Mass, Douglas Witten, 3rd Row; Alyse Slaff, Muffie
Proctor, Cindy Goldstein, Eric Levy, 4th Row; Miriam
Krestul, Stacey Sena, Sabrina Katz, Stephanie Katz.

STUDENT COUNCIL CAR WASH

Washing cars was a great way of raising money to buy the self-mounting pencil
sharpeners for each classroom. P.S. It was lots of fun too!!!

55
