Services

 

Officers
President 3... ee Samuel Friedlander
Vice Presidents 2.55555. 333. Tekla Foster
Martin Wolf
Howard Korn
Milton Mann M.D.
Morris Price M.D.
M. David Epstein
Vreastirer. 3 ee Norman Moss

 

Sam Friedlander, President

Founded 61 years ago as the United Jewish Charities to serve the needy Jews of Jacksonville, and to send money to worthy
Jewish Charities nationally, the Jewish Family & Children’s Services, Inc. became the social work agency of the Jewish
Community. Serving rich and poor, old time families and newcomers, it has, since its professionalization in 1948, served more
than 7,091 families and individuals, more than the number of Jews now estimated to live in Jacksonullle.

The great majority of these persons were served by Lawrence Rackow, the Executive Director who served 25 of these 30
years. He is very ably assisted by Iris Goodstein who proved her competency with all ages, in single or group sessions. In 1977,
490 persons were served in one or more of the four basic programs of the Agency, Counseling, Senior Citizens, Emergency
Assistance and New American programs.

Family problems, especially with children and aging parents and mental health problems exist on all levels. Some families
are beset with many problems and are helped with two or more of our programs.

In the past year, to serve our clients better we added five new groups to our traditional counseling and helping services. The
Friday Afternoon Friendship Group, led by our Director, was started throught the cooperation of River Garden and the
Walter Slaff Memorial Fund. The isolated and boarding home residents completed a year of weekly Sabbath services, meals,
parties and discussions. The “Over 40 Singles Rap Group” led by Allan Kaufman and Iris Goodstein, completed its pilot 10
weeks series, was highly successful and will continue under Mrs. Goodstein. “The Men’s Only Club” at River Garden, led
weekly by our President, Sam Friedlander, is completing its first year and is highly successful. “Tea and Talk” at River Garden
is led by Iris Goodstein and the Mount Carmel Weekly Discussion Group is six months old and is led by Jean Seckeler.

So far three new Russian families were resettled compared with one the previous year. Word is that U.S.S.R. is letting many,
many more out. Will they continue to do so? Will we in Jacksonville do our share? Many volunteers, doctors, dentists, lawyers,
retired persons all are helping. Can you help us? Can we help you? .... Call 396-2941. |

 

233
