Our Executive Director

Dear Ely:

When I was approached by the Jacksonville Jewish Center to become
its Executive Director, there were a few thoughts across my mind. Being
a New Yorker, the first question was “Where is Jacksonville?” To me,
all of Florida was pretty much the same. Then I asked, “What is the
Jewish Center?” Well this question is still being answered.

I found out that Jacksonville is a working industrial northeast Florida
city unlike Miami as it could be. It is a city with a growth outlook and
cultural opportunities that far outstrip its population. Well, throw one idea
of Florida out the window. It is like one borough of the City of New York,
but smaller than Brooklyn. It has an enviroment favorable to raising
Joshua and supplying my whole family a place to live.

The Jewish community in Jacksonville astounds me. Everyone who
wishes to can have a chance to participate in the Jewish Experience. It }
was refreshing to find such involvement in the community on every level, A
youth, young marrieds, middle life people, Seniors. Everyone here Jonathan E Koll
seems to know that their survival as a people is intrinsically linked to their |
living as a community. There has been great contribution to this city both philanthropically and economically by the Jewish
community, I found.

As of yet, we have not explored all the surrounding territories. I understand that you could end up a perpetual tourist in the
southeast as we are located near all of the states in the area. We do hope to get to those places, too.

What is the Jewish Center? This one could fill this note to a point ad infinitum. There are a lot of people here. I came at the
end of an outgoing administration that had succeeded in bringing into line a tenuous financial situation. The incoming adminis-
tration is one of excitement and involvement. They believe, as I, that a synagogue is a place for people, a Bet Am. They call
for involvement of everyone in all phases of the work.

There are committees for everything . . . . a Finance Committee, Membership, House, Ritual, Youth, Adult Activities,
Education Committees. Interestingly enough all are well peopled. They do have a lot of work here. The re-vitalization of the
Center will depend on how hard they work. The Educaton and Youth Committees have ajump on the others with the coming of
Dov Kentof. He is the Director of these-programs and could, if we harness his energy, supply the electricity for the:place for at
least six months. The Membership Committee has expanded its operation, not only to bring people to the Center, but help
all of the community with its hospitality approach.

The facilities are beautiful. With the building being only 3 years old, all of the potentials have not been realized. Now, we are in
the process of furnishing the interior of the Sanctuary so our worship experience can be even more complete. The pool, gym and
tennis courts are nice to have around, believe me.

I work with a great staff. Florence Robin and Esther Fishler are the secretaries, and being new here, I could be lost without
them. Mr. Kenneth Bowden and Inez Achord are my right hands in the financial end. Blanche Slott is a woman with a coat of
many colors, if it is winter, she is coordinating activities, caterers and Bar and Bat Mitzvahs; if it is summer, she is running the
Day Camp.

They have a full time Day School for kids from age 3 to sixth grade. Josh is going there this year. When he gets older, I under-
stand that academically it’s a great place to be.

Well, that’s about all for now. Ely, Jacksonville is a nice place to be. The living is slower, the climate abit nicer, the apartment
a lot bigger and the people are friendly. The Jewish Center is a great place at which to work.

I feel that this year will be a banner year for us all.

Regards from Shirley and Josh for a Healthy, Safe New Year,

Regards,
Jon

 

29
