Cantor’s 30th Concert

Featured:

Cantor David Lefkowitz ..................... Guest
Soloist ............... Augmented with Terry Parker
Soloist 233 a Waune Balley

Chorus

 

$e
; ;
as

j

 

e

The Proud Marton Family, L-R; Bill Rubenstein, Barbara, Pearl
Cantor Marton, Shelley Bobb and her husband Manny.

 

 

ee
~

} Bo i a is ee h eee $ 2

The Choral Society conducted by Ronald Zapen and Wayne Bailey, augmented with Terry Parker Chorus,
delighted the quests with musical selections from the Sacred Service byErnest Bloch, PartI andII. Andamost
moving “Eli Yivneh Haagilil” and concluded with Halleluyah.

I wish to take this opportunity to thank the congregation and to express my appreciation to the Leadership for the testimonial dinner in honor
of my thirty-one years as Cantor of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Coming to Jacksonville in September 1946, to a comparatively smaller con-
gregation than exists now, and finding the position open to all facets of synagogue life, I found myself serving in all capacities for eight months. ~

The congregation at that time needed a volunteer chorus to enhance the religious services. Consequently, the Center Choral Society was organized
consisting of a group of dedicated men and women who presented concerts of Jewish music annually and enhanced the Friday night services.
They also provided some of the finest liturgical music for the High Holy Days. This choral group went on to present thirty consecutive concerts —
dedicated to the Cantor’s Assembly, and for that I am very grateful to each and every member of the Choral Society.

In the religious school the children’s choir, namely the Center Glee Club, often appeared with the Choral Society and their particular contribution
was Israeli, Chasidic and Yiddish music. At times this group consisted of as many as 70 children.

In 1947 it was necessary to organize a Talit and Tefflin Club for the sole purpose of teaching the boys Bar Mitzvah skills and prayer. This club grew
to a membership of between 75 and 80 boys and for 26 years its success was a source of pride to me. In those years it was necessary for a Cantor
to also serve as an educator and it was my privilege to serve as a full staff member of the Hebrew school for 27 years.

The most meaningful contribution I made was the preparation of approximately 1400 Bar and Bat Mitzvahs. Our close association led to lasting
friendships. I enjoyed officiating at the many weddings uniting loved ones and shared the deep sense of loss in times of sorrow. Of all the services
performed I felt the visitations of the sick of the Jewish community was most deeply appreciated.

Pearl and I derived great pleasure seeing our daughters Barbara and Shelley married at the Jacksonville Jewish Center where the children had grown
up and celebrated their Bat Mitzvahs.

Jewish history and Jewish problems created a sense of urgency
towards the State of Israel, therefore, I dedicated my life to the cause
of “Zionism”. Having served seven years as President of the local
Z. O. A., I feel the need to instill in the younger generation a sense
of responsibility to continue to serve the State of Israel and the
Jewish people.

These 32 years have been very challenging and at the same time
greatly rewarding.

Pearl and I wish everyone a most happy and healthy New Year.
SHALOM AL YISRAEL
Abraham Marton

 

 
 

Cantor David Lefkowitz, guest soloist, augmented with Terry 21
Parker Chorus and soloist Wayne Bailey.

we
