ORT of Jacksonville

ORT, the Organization for Rehabilitation through Training, is an
international organization which for almost a century has brought
freedom to world Jewry. ORT operates in 30 countries with 76,500
students learning 90 trades in 800 training units. They represent
people gaining an education and a future career in architectural
drawing, telecommunications, avionics, hotel management, machine
design, computer technology and more. Special programs are avail-
able for the physically handicapped, the aged, and language training
programs for immigrants bound for English speaking countries.
Different courses for different people with different needs and qualifi-
cations are offered.

Jacksonville Area Council helps support the ORT program and
consists of five Chapters each meeting at different times to serve the
needs of all the women in the community. The Area Council is the body
which services the five ORT chapters.

The following are the officers of the Area Council and the Five
Chapters and their meeting days:

 

ORT AREA COUNCIL — Seated (left to right): Dinah Kossoff, Recording Secretary; Sylvia Davidson, Parliamentarian; Paula Klausner,
President; Anita Warschoff, Vice-President (Membership); Madelyn Glossman, Vice-President (Education). Standing (left to right): Joanne
LeDoyen, Treasurer; Sue Ann Blumenthal, Corresponding Secretary; Karen Backilman, Financial Secretary; Judy Greenhut, Vice-President
(Special Projects). Missing from picture: Terry Rosin.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Officers of Chapters
Jacksonville Area Council

Afternoon Chapter - President - Marsha Pollock

President .2....3:255....-....... Paula Klausner Meets second Monday Afternoon of Month
Vice-Presidents .............. Madelyn Glossman Beauclerc Chapter - President = Paula Gordon

ete oe es UUdIGreenhut Meets first Friday Morning of Month

Ce ee ee es CMY, OSIM. Evening Chapter - President - Betty Edwards

Vie eee foe gobs eee ee CAIEG VV arSchnopt Meets first Tuesday Evening of the Month
Corresponding Secretary .... SueAnnBlumenthal South Jacksonville Chapter - President - Chris Arab
RecordingSecretary .............. DinahKossoff Meets first Thursday Morning
FinancialSecretary ............ KarenBackilman Riverfront Chapter - Precident Claire Gamee

Treasurer <..........:.-...... JoAnnLeDoven Meets first Tuesday Evening

 

253
