U.S.Y.’ers Terri Katz, Jay Plotkin, Susan DuBow, Lawrence Ansbacher kibbitzing with Gene Kornblum.

Well, here we are again looking back on another great year of Jax. U.S.Y. Thanks to an able-bodied board and the very
capable leadership of our loving parents, alias aavisors Bob and Barbara Cantor, we are able to say that 1977-1978 was
another successful campaign for the §5§ members of our group.

This year was one of the most successful in recent times in the area of 9th graders, the youngest members of our group.
We had some 20 active 9th graders who proved a great asset to the group. A large reason for this is due to a program held
last summer. The program, a cookout and swim party at the Day Camp was designed for 9th graders, prospective
members, and a few borderline members. The new board along with some of our stronger members spent the day talking
to the new kids and explaining what U.S.Y. is all about. The 3§ who attended went away with some new feelings about
U.S.Y. Later in the summer we also had our traditional trip down Itchatucknee Springs. Once we got the inner tubes on
the bus, we all managed to have a good time.

The regular year started off with a bang with a ‘Get To Know Each Other And Make Your Own Sundae Party” and an
“Anything Goes Night’’. Both were under the very capable leadership of Programming Vice-President, Terri Katz, and
averaged some 45 people per event. As the year moved on we all began to get ready for the fall Sub-Regional Convention
which was held in Jacksonville on November 11-13. U.S.Y.’ers from Orlando to Sarasota came expecting atypically great
Jacksonville Convention - and they weren’t disappointed. Chairmen Lawrence Ansbacher and Nathan Gendzier worked
extremely hard to create a weekend that was worthy of an International Chapter Recognition Award.

Throughout this past year the cry has been heard all over at conventions around the state that Jax. U.S.Y. is moving on
and onward. We continued from convention to convention from Hayrides to Square Dances and from Skating Parties to
Walk-a-thons. This year we had several achievements from our members, and our club, that the whole congregation can
be proud. We had a Regional Officer, a Sub-Regional Officer, several members of the Regional Projects Board and also
sent five delegates to the International Convention in Toronto. We also won an award for our large contribution to the
Tikun Olam (a U.S.Y. based charity). Things are looking to continue along the same lines next year as we already have
another Regional Officer elected and several members of the Projects Board. Also two of the three Regional Conventions
will be hosted by members of Jax. U.S.Y. We are on the way to contributing even more to Tikun Olam next year.

As you can see, it was a very productive year for the members of J.U.S.Y. and things are taking shape for next year. In
conclusion, I just want to say that I hope our new officers elected in September can be as proud as we are of this year. It
has been a year where great strides in religious and social action programs have continued to take place. Pregrams such
as our River Garden Shabbats and our U.S.Y. services are all very inspiring. Overall it has been a year to remember and

those that were a part of it will not soon forget it. Jay Plotkin
RegionalSecretary ........................0.. Lawrence Ansbacher, Hanegeu
Sub-Regional V Po a re Jay Plotkin, Mercaz
Projects Board 4.3. eS Andye Honigman, Israeli Affairs

Lawrence Ansbacher, Creative Prayer
Adele Levy, Regalia
Co-Chairmen Regional Convention

Jay Plotkin ee ae a ee Jacksonville, Florida
Sophia Markowitz. 6 re Oe Miami, Florida
New Sub-Regional President ................... 0. 0c cece ccc Jay Plotkin

Delegates to International Convention, Canada, December 1977
Lawrence Ansbacher
Nathan Gendzier
Andye Honigman
Jay Plotkin

Help Us Help Others

Tikun Olam Rak Base

 

211
