UL LG

WHO DEPRIVES US OF OUR RIGHTS?

We have the right to speak our mind, the right to have a family, the right to work,
the right to a good life, the right to worship as we see fit.

We all realize how much these and other of our deepest
rights are threatened today. We’re ready to struggle
to protect our rights from being taken from us by others.

Yet we don't always see that the security of our rights
can be taken from us . . . by ourselves.

There is no way, for example, to enjoy our right to a
family without fulfilling our duty to care for our children.

It is no different with other rights. All experience and
history makes clear that no right stands alone.

We can enjoy a right only by accepting the duty
which is the other side.

THE RIGHT TO SPEAK OUR MIND

is inseparable from our duty to listen; to give those
around us the same rights of expression we want for
ourselves.

THE RIGHT TO HAVE A FAMILY

is made meaningless if we postpone spending time with
them. It is a familiar delusion to think that our greatest
duty is to provide those we love with material security
alone. They may need our presence and active love
even more.

THE RIGHT TO WORK

to earn our livelihood in ways consistent with our
talent is taken for granted. But we fail our duty when we
do not give our work a full measure of integrity and
effort.

THE RIGHT TO A GOOD LIFE

cannot be “given” to us. We are given only the oppor-
tunity. There still remains our duty and action to achieve
it. The ability to reflect on the precious gift of time;

to give of ourselves, not only of our means; to sense that
we are never so old that we cannot learn is fundamental
to a good life.

THE RIGHT TO WORSHIP GOD

is so important when we see how much evil in human
affairs comes from the tendency to mistake a part
of life - - power, status, possession, for the whole of it.

Even in our beliefs, the right to worship God is also
the duty not to fall into the idolatry of worshipping
any part of this creation as though it were the whole.

IT IS CLEAR, THEN, THAT TO ENJOY

OUR RIGHTS WE MUST FULFILL

OUR DUTIES.

Our individual rights are insured only when we achieve
a society where all are concerned with their duties
and only then.

East Coast Fruit Co.

LOUIS PORTNOY —

WALTER PORTNOY

AND FAMILIES

LUO LL La La TW ooo ooo ooo oor ooo oo ooo oo ooo

Patronize Our Advertisers — They Deserve Your Support

S

TW WWW Wa ue

OL

TWWUWUWWWwoWw oa

TLL

JL LO Lo
