Samuel Thier

M PS a0 aA Df KX To Ae
YS A JV Y Bx sa Po eas
a Dy) a5 NOS sui aan xo

It hath been told thee Oman, what is good, and what
The Lord doth require of Thee:
Only to do justly and to love mercy,
And to walk humbly with thy God.
Micah 6:8

This verse describes Papa so well, that it seems almost
unnecessary to say more. This was Papa’s favorite verse -
one which he made sure to teach us all. He did more than just
teach us the words though. He provided us a living example.
No man has ever adhered so completely to the principle of
loving and having faith in his fellow man. As such, his deeds
were all ones of justice, mercy and love.

Papa’s strength as a teacher, a friend, as Father, Grand-
father or as a family role was his attitude towards his own
actions. They came so naturally, with such love and humility.
He saw the best in all situations and brought it out with his
own special humor. A lesson taught this way - - with love and
dignity yet made fun by humor - - can never be forgotten.

 

Edith Gendzier
Granddaughter of
Sam Thier

It is with a great sense of loss that the members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center pay tribute to Sam Thier.
Sam served the Center in so many ways. He was a member and a Chairman of many committees including
Membership, Religious, Education, Executive and Cemetery. His personal devotion and commitment to Jewish
values was demonstrated by his participation in daily minyan and Shabbat and holiday services. He was especially
devoted to the men and women at River Garden Home for the Aged. Rabbi Gaffney referred to Sam as the
“Davaner Extraordinaire”. And rightly so. His traditional “davening” at Minha Services on Yom Kippur at the

Center was always an inspiration for the entire congregation. A beautiful Jewish legend has it that the world exists
by reason of 36 righteous people who by their tenderness, modesty and dignity the community is sustained. Sam
Thier was a rare person who succeeded in creating an atmosphere and aura with the ability to inspire others by a
sense of presence. This year there will be an emptiness at High Holiday Services because of his absence. But his
memory lingers . . . his family carries on, with the same love and devotion to the synagogue that he loved. We are
all better people because we knew Sam.

 

i
