Progressive Credit Union

 

President = 2 ee oa es Moe B. Safer
Vice-President ......... ae Reta ee ieee Edwin Presser
SCCreiGny 2 ee ee David Gradman
MCQSUICr 2s Oe eee Joseph Cohen
DireGlors. ee W. Z. Goldberg
Samuel Schuster

Associate Directors ..........eccccee. Jordan Ansbacher
Nathan V. Gross

Wallace Rubenstein

Murray B. Glickstein

Credit Committee ............ .... Mac Presser, Chairman
Irwin Gendzier

Eugene Henry

Audit Committee ............. William E. Papet, Chairman
Milton Hecht

Eli Brody

The Progressive Credit Union was established, and is operated to serve the financial needs of its members consisting of men
and women of the Jacksonville Jewish Community.

In 1977, we assisted many Jacksonville businessmen and families with loans for automobiles, appliances, marriages, and other
worthwhile personal needs. Under a special program designed to aid students with College tuition, 32 Jewish students were
assisted in their higher education. The Student Loan Program is fully guaranteed by the U. S. Government.

All members receive free Life Insurance on their savings, up to $2,000.00. All loans are covered with free Credit Life Insurance
for the full outstanding balances. With all of our extra services rendered, the ratio charged for interest is lower than that of other
lending institutions in the area. All Savings are insured up to $40,000.00 by the Florida Credit Union Guarantee Company. |

We extend a cordial invitation for all to join with us in the Progressive Credit Union to build a stronger Jewish Community
in Jacksonville. For further information, please call Mr. Joe Cohen at 354-4770.

 

Organized in 1960, Cassia Garden Circle, an affiliate of the Garden Club of Jacksonville, is a
group of Jewish women who are interested in gardening. Many of the charter members are still
active in the group.

Cassia is a group of tropical trees, shrubs and plants with compound leaves, yellow flowers and
long pods, found in Israel. The Garden Club meets monthly. Programs have included Japanese
Flower Arranging, bonsai, hanging baskets, underwater arrangements and potpourri. Many
exciting plans have been made for next year’s programming. Spend an interesting morning, and
enjoy a light lunch with some pleasant ladies. If you are interested call Rhoda Goldstein 733-7275.

Officers
President 8 ee Tootsie Hecht
Vice-President @3 25.33 ee Rhoda Goldstein
Recording Secretary 2... 0. .v nese ek Joan Puldy
Corresponding Secretary ...........eeceee- Bobbi Margol

 

TVCGSUTOR oo ee Diane Goldsmith
