Mt. Carmel Gardens

President... Israel Schemer
lst Vice-President ..... beeen coe. Kitty Flanselman
2nd Vice-President ................ .. Jennie Riolino
3rd Vice-President -..3.....5.. 2... .... AlGottlieb
reassure... 0.3. 6: eu oe oe rene Enrich
Secretary. ee a. Pole. Ethel Kor
Mount Carmel Gardens is a Senior Citizens home, seventeen floors high, Corresponding Secretary .......... Pauline Schemer

and 208 apartments. It was originally planned for Jewish tenants, but now
houses about thirty percent Gentiles, all living together as congenial neighbors -
almost like one big family.

Every apartment on each floor is “door” checked every morning by the “floor
captain”, to make sure each individual tenant is okay. Each apartment has an
emergency cord, which can be pulled if a tenant is physically in need of help, this
brings someone to their apartment almost immediately, - - and the rescue
squad is at their door within minutes if necessary. There is a fire and smoke
alarm system throughout the building, which, thank goodness, has only been
used for drills; - the office staff is kindly, courteous and anxious to serve; - and at
night the outside doors are locked, and there is a Security Guard on duty, who
makes hourly checks to be sure all is well.

The tenants have formed a “Mount Carmel Tenants Association’, which has
monthly meetings to discuss the business and problems which may arise. The
“Association” has installed a stereo and sound system, an outdoor barbeque
grill, and a small platform-stage, for the tenants use.

Regular educational activities are available for anyone who cares to attend,
including: once a week - discussion group; - choral group; - health education
and weight control; - oil painting; - creative needle craft; - and ceramics; - twicea
month, book review; - and retirement education.

As for social gatherings, there is a birthday party once a month honoring all
the tenants who have birthdays during that month. These always include
entertainment from volunteer “outsiders”, and refreshments furnished by the
birthday celebrants - and end with dancing to Fannie Kaufman’s piano playing
or to stereo music. Every Saturday night there is a dance held in the auditorium.
Twice a week Bingo games are enjoyed; - and once a month an “extra-party-of-
the-month” is held - each “extra party” is something different. There are cook-
outs and covered dish luncheons. And of course there are trips - to Jekyll
Island, Disney World, White Springs, Jai Alai at Daytona; to Theater
Jacksonville productions, symphonettes, ballets, Broadway South Dinner
Theater, Alhambra Dinner Theater and many others. Once a year there is a
combined Christmas-Chanakah party, complete with menorahs, Christmas
tree, dreidles, colored lights - all the symbols of both holidays - a Santa Claus,
and gifts for all. Of course, there is a New Year’s Eve dinner and dance.

Once a month a Newsletter is published of building and tenant news, and
distributed free to all the tenants. There are two volunteer entertainment
groups: The Carmel Comics, under the leadership of Celia Falis, who have
performed extensively wherever they are invited; also, The Carmel Singers,
under the direction of Mary Lou Weldy, entertain throughout the city; - and all
members of both groups receive R.S.V.P. (Retired Senior Volunteer
Programs) credit. Fannie Kaufman, our piano player, is blind, - but can and will
play anytime, anything and anywhere - whenever she is asked.

This is Mount Carmel Gardens - a high-rise building complex, filled with
contented and friendly Senior Citizens.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Submitted by:
Pauline Schemer

239
