JEWIS
EDUCATIO

THERE’S NO SAYING WHEN

Message by Rabbi Dov Kentof
Educational and Youth Director

 
 

What constitutes the minimum in Jewish Education?

My answer is: There is no minimum in Jewish Education.

Education in its true sense is not the same as learning a skill. Education is not a product or an acquisition.
you cannot acquire the skill to type, to fix a leak, to ride a bicycle.

Education is not merely teaching or learning. No one can sell you, or give you, or deliver you an education, as
one can a book or a picture. you can acquire the ability to type, to fix aleak, or to ride a bicycle, but you cannot
acquire an education. Someone can teach you, and you can learn any number of abilities or attitudes or appre-
ciations, and you may still not have an education.

What, then, is education? It is a continuous, steady progression in which the acquiring of one ability, attitude,
or appreciation leads directly to another, and that in turn to still another, andso on. The test of an education lies
not in the particular content you acquire, but in the need or desire which you feel to add to that content.

Long ago our Rabbis said, “udlo mosif yoseif’ — “He who does not add to his learning, decreases it.”” Years
later, John Dewey, America’s greates philosopher, expressed the same thought when he said, “The most
important attitude that can be formed (in education) is the desire to go on learning.”

Like any education, Jewish education involves certain skills that may be mastered, certain information that
may be acquired, certain attitudes that may be developed. But, also like any education, Jewish education in the
true sense of the term, must be conceived as an on-going process of inspiring students, young and old, with
both the desire and the ability to keep on learning.

Viewed from this angle, the quality of learning is more important than the quantity. In other words, more
important than “How mucthas been learned?” is the question
“How well has learning taken place?”

Quality in education is determined by the learner’s desire
to learn more. And an appetite for learning cannot be acquired
on a diet of teaspoonful doses. A certain amount of quantity
is necessary...

Therefore, Jewish education cannot be ended at any stage
in life. There is no number of years or Jewish study which we
can call enough. There is no list of accomplishments which
separates in itself the educated from the uneducated Jew.
There is no package of facts, no collection of textbooks, no
battery of tests, the mastery or the possession of which justi-
fies the boast of possessing a Jewish education.

The good Jewish teacher will so teach that his pupils want to
go on and on in their Jewish studies. The good Jewish school
encourages and facilitates this desire, and the good Jewish
parent backs up the teacher and the school to his utmost in
word and deed.

On the building of the university there is an inscription which
reads: “Education is not amere means of life. Education is life.”

And that is why you cannot “say when” to Jewish Education.

 

105
