Rabbi’s Message

“LET THEM MAKE ME A SANCTUARY SO THAT I SHALL
DWELL IN THEIR MIDST”
(Exodus XXV.8)

The words above were spoken to our people early in their history. They were still
wanderers in a wasteland, but they were taking their first steps onto the stage of
history. Surrounded in the desert by all kinds of foes, not knowing to what dangers
they would be exposed, they were asked to build a Sanctuary and to place this
Sanctuary in the very center of their encampment. The synagogue was to become
the focal point of their life. We, living so many centuries later, in an utterly different
part of the world under radically different conditions still heed this ancient instruction.
What is the place of this synagogue? . . . What is its goal? . .. What function is it re-
quired to fulfill? . . . for our perplexed and confused age.

The first task of the synagoque is to conserve, to guard against oblivion on the great
insights and concepts that we have developed in the past. To some extent every age
is nihilistic. It would like to think that history begins with it. In the midst of a life that
is constantly changing (as it should), and in a world subject to so many changing
fashions, the synagogue proclaims “Do not destroy the ancient landmarks”. The
greatest achievement of the human being is his history, culture and civilization.
No one generation could accomplish this for itself. There is an accumulation of exper-
ience that no one could attain in one brief life span. Life moves forward as it must,
but the basic nature of the human spirit cannot be destroyed. The synagogue con-
serves for the people of Israel its grand bequests of earlier generations that helped
to ennoble this human spirit.

The second task of the synagogue is to scrutinize, to criticize, to evaluate. We are
called upon to make many decisions . . . as individuals, as Jews, as members of a
community. We need a focal point - the synagogue... and the lessons learned therein
to help evaluate life and our decisions in terms of the highest standards. We need an
ethical code, a direction, that sees the problems of our time from the perspective of a
great background of experience and faith. The synagogue helps to refine our goals
so that we can see our individual and collective paths in the context of life’s highest
principles.

The synagoque seeks to enlarge the lives of people. We tend to live in the presence
of the immediate. We know the world of buildings, roads, plants and factories. There
is within the human being however a dimension not fulfilled by these. No only the facts
of life, but the meaning of life is necessary for a well ordered human existence. The
synagogue enlarges our experience by guiding our perspective to include loftier
visions.

Lastly, the synagogue reminds the Jew that what keeps us together is not a
common sorrow, nor the need for a common defense. We have been touched by
sorrow . .. we have responded to the needs of our brothers. But what unites us is a
common history, a common culture, a common faith and a common hope. A syna-
gogue without holiness, without prayer, without study, without the great moments of
Sabbaths and holidays becomes a faint image of what the Sanctuary was to be.

As we link our lives and those of our loved ones with the synagogue, we commit
ourselves to conserve the best within us, to condemn what is unworthy of us and to
share together this great and glorious faith which is part of us.

As we begin our New Year as a congregation with new officers, new leaders and
new Directors, may we never forget that we share together great illumination of our
synagogue’s purpose so that we may have a Jewish community of dignity, decency
and affection.

Inge and I join in wishing all a healthy and fulfilling New Year.

Rabbi David Gaffney

 

Rabbi David Gaffney

 

 

The Gathieu Gilden
Shalva - 18, Asher - 19

15
