mrrnowu www aaa

=
=

River Garden Auxiliary

OFFICERS
President... or ae Mrs. Jack Dorman
Pirst Vice-President... . .s....655. 3.0 Mrs. Roy Sloat
Second Vice President ................ Mrs. Henry Halpern
Third Vice President................... Mrs. Hymie Fialkow
Financial Secretary .................000% Mrs. Mitchell Peltz
Corresponding Secretary .............. Mrs. Karl Frisch
Recording Secretary ...............000008: Mrs. Roy Brooks
Executiwe Secretary... 25. .2.......635: Mrs. H. C. Sims Ill
General Treasurer .........0..6..5.6..008 Mrs. Martin Wolf
Parliamentanan = 6... Mrs. Sidney Entman

Aging is fast becoming everyone’s business, as the
miracle of modern medicine extends the life span. This
impact on family community has become very significant
and River Garden Auxiliary is helping deal with this
situation.

In this our 50th year, the River Garden Auxiliary with
its over 900 members, pledge to continue completing
successful years of Service and devotion to our Aged, our
Family and Friends at River Garden.

All of our services do not always fit themselves into
special categories, however; some of our services both from
our membership and through financial aide can better be
understood by listing those offered. Some services are
helping to re-decorate the home, expenses toward the
repairs of both the interior and exterior, expenses for the
air-conditioning, the kitchen, infirmary equipment and
hobby shop materials.

This year as in the past our source of income is funded
through our: Tombola, Donor, Social Printing, Tree of Life
and Life Membership. The Linen Shower, always a success,
helps stock the linen closets for the residents and brings in
cash for other: needed supplies.

TILT WW oo oo Lo a a Wo La Wa ea La

GUARDIAN PEST CONTROL

1322 Naldo Avenue Phone 396-7887
Jacksonville, Florida 32207

TWWWWWWWwUUW wv an oo a a to oo oo Wo WU LW LL La Lo LaLa aL Le Lee Lae

 

Programming at River Garden means more than just
Medical Services; we of the Auxiliary bring hours of
manpower, comfort and enjoyment and the knowledge that
someone cares. Through the River Garden Auxiliary we
sponsor The Red Cross Ladies, Special Holiday programs,
Friendly Visits, The River Garden Auxiliary Magazine with
articles by the residents, Ceramic Classes, Painting and Art
Classes and the Project Greenthumb. For Passover we
supply food for Raiford and MacClenny and some of the
members of the Auxiliary attend the services at Raiford
helping conduct services and distribute the food. The
Sunshine Club which is a community club for all senior
citizens and is attended by the local residents through the
drivers program of the Auxiliary.

River Garden Auxiliary attempts to render services to
our residents to fulfill a social atmosphere and the secure
knowledge that one is living at their home away from home.
All these achievements are made possible only through the
zealous efforts of the River Garden Auxiliary board and its
members.

There is always a need for members to serve on new
projects and it is our wish that each of you who read this will
take time and effort to be counted among the many and
extend a helping hand so that our River Garden Home will
always be there for you and you and — me.

Eleanor Dorman, 733-2980

5
5
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
_
S
=
S
SS
~
5
S
S
S
>
=

Compliments

Florida Hardware Co.

PHONE 783-1650
436 Cassat Avenue

Jacksonville, Florida 32205

TOW WWW ao oo oo oo a Wo ao ao aa

MNT WWW WLW WW WWW WWW WLW WWW LoL LO LLL LLL LOL EO LU LLL IPL LLU

237

/
