ISRAEL AWARDS

 

JERUSALEM AWARD

The Jacksonville Jewish Center
in conjunction with State of. Israel Bonds
cordially invites you to a

TESTIMONIAL

for

SAMUEL J. THIER

at which he will be presented the coveted

 
 

SAMUEL THIER

Jerusalem Award

 

representing economic strength and solidarity with Israel
for his dedicated and outstanding service to the Jewish Community

This award was presented to Sam Thier on
October 2, 1977

MAIMONIDES AWARD

 

t

Dr. Samuel G. Rosenthal Dr. Roy Sloat

“LET US STAND SILENT”
in memory of our dearly beloved
sons and daughters who gave their
lives for the liberation of our home-
land and the security of our people.
They gave all they had. They
poured out their very lifeblood for
the freedom of Israel, even as the
living waters quench the thirst of
the arid soil. Not in monuments of
stones or trees shall be preserved
their memory, but in the reverence
and pride which will, until the end of
time, fill the hearts of our people
when their memory is recalled.

“Our hearts are filled to overflow-
ing with praise and thanksgiving
to the Rock of Israel. But let us not
delude ourselves that our work is
finished. We are still at the begin-
ning. The road stretching ahead is
long and hard, and there are still
many obstacles in our way... The
sword is still girded round our loins;
let us not boast as men who have
taken it off.

“On our festive day let us review in
joy and thanksgiving the mighty
deeds of the past and let us resolve
to apply ourselves with all our
might and all our heart to the new
efforts of the future”.

(David Ben Gurion on Israel’s
Independence Day, May 4th, 1949)

Dr. Samuel G. Rosenthal and Dr. Roy Sloat were honored with the Maimonides Award by the State of Israel Bonds at a grand tribute

dinner on Sunday, November 6 at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.

The two men are only the second and third members of the health professions to receive this prestigious award. The first recipient was

Dr. Albert Sabin, who helped develop the polio vaccine.

The award is named for Moses Maimonides, the “Rambam,” outstanding rabbinic authority, codifier of Jewish law, philosopher and

physician. Born in Spain in 1135, he fled to Morocco, then Egypt where he did most of his work.

Dr. Seymour Alpert was the speaker at the dinner. A vice-president of George Washington University, Dr. Alpert is international chairman

for Health and Professions for the State of Israel Bonds.

The Jewish Center is very proud that this award was given to two of its members for their efforts on behalf of Israel and the Jewish

community.

67
