In Memoriam
Fran Wilensky

 

~ oe pee

(Left to right) Billy Wilensky, Danny Wilensky, Yitzhak
Rabin, and Alexander Brest with the Fran Wilensky Award.

 

Fran was founder of Mt. Carmel Gardens where she served as the
Executive Committee and as Vice-President. Many Senior Citizens
have found a happy home at Mt. Carmel and this gave Fran great
pleasure. The young also interested her. Under her capable leader-
ship a program was developed to send high school students to
study in Israel.

For many years she served the Women’s Division of U.J.A., first
as Chairman and then as Honorary Chairman. This past year, for
the first time, the Fran Wilensky Award was given to Alexander

————— : Brest for his contributions to the Jewish Community.
It is most appropriate that we honor Fran Wilensky, of blessed In April a Z.O.A. Banquet for the Jewish National Fund was held

 

memory, in the Community section of the Center Yearbook. For to honor the memory of Fran Wilensky.
it was the entire Jewish Community for which she devoted many The Jewish Community has lost a wonderful lady . . . her good
years of her life. | deeds and generosity will keep her memory alive.

)\ ERED> () EE () <> ( ) EE () E> () ED () EE ( ED () > () > () i>) i> () D> ) GED ) <P ) >) Dp <> () > () EP <> () E> 0) GR 0 <> (

The **Chug Ivri’’ of Jacksonville

Of all the links that bind our people to its past and to its present, one of the strongest is the Hebrew language. Our Hebrew tongue enables us
to display our loyalty and our commitment to our Jewish nation by “speaking its language.”

Our rabbis tell us that one of the mitzvot that enabled Israel to merit its redemption from Egyptian bondage was its having remained steadfast
and loyal to its Hebrew tongue.

Ever since that time Hebrew has been the “lashon ha-kodesh” (the holy tongue) of our people, in our sacred literature as well as a vehicle of
expression and communication among Jews, thus serving as an international language for Jews everywhere. :

It has been only during the past century or less, however, that spoken Hebrew has gained momentum among Jews. In Israel today, Hebrew
has now become the predominant language. Outside of Israel it is also winning wide popularity as a medium of expression.

Apropos of this general trend the “Chug Ivri” (the Hebrew Club) of Jacksonville is doing its part in keeping spoken Hebrew alive asa potent
and dynamic force in the life of the local Jewish community. It was nearly four years ago that this group was organized in its present form by
Shaul Baruch, then Educational Director of the Jacksonville Jewish Center and by Dr. Morris Golomb, its present President. Since that time it
has continued to function as a vehicle of expression for those interested in speaking Hebrew and meeting in delightful Hebrew atmosphere.

For this purpose the Chug Ivri meets monthly in members’ homes where “RAK IVRIT” (only Hebrew) prevails for all talks and discussions.
At each meeting one or more of the members will deliver a short talk or conduct a panel discussion on some topic of general interest. An open
discussion among those present then follows, when everyone may express himself of herself freely. The singing of Hebrew songs is also an
integral part of every Chug Ivri meeting, thereby enabling everyone to enjoy as well as learn the use of the Hebrew language. An informal
atmosphere prevails where all present get to socialize and to partake of refreshments. :

A knowledge of Hebrew is not necessary for membership, and anyone interested in furthering the advance of our Hebrew culture is invited
to join. For further information please contact Dr. Morris Golomb, President, at 733-8170 or the Center, 268-6736.

255
