Girl Scout Troop
No. 162

In the past year the members of Girl Scout Troop No. 162 took
part in many interesting activities. One of the highlights was a play
“A Treasure Without Measure” directed by Ellen Schnipper.
The play was the completion of requirements for the Troop
Dramatics badge. Our troop also participated in the Neighborhood
camping weekend at Camp Kateri. Those girls who attended earned
the Troop Camping badge. In addition to these two special events,
there were many craft projects including macrame, papier mache
and stitchery. We also worked on several requirements for other
badges. Several girls earned individual badges in addition to the
troop badges. One fun activity was baking refreshments in the
Center kitchen for Girl Scout Sabbath. The Girl Scouts and
Brownies participated in Friday Evening services for Girl Scout

Sabbath. Near the end of the year there was a Sunday afternoon
outing at the beach. The final activity was a swim party and cookout
with the Fly-up Ceremony for Brownies who will be going into the
Junior troop in the coming year. The members of the troop were:
Marion Bass, Lisa Greenspoon, Beverly Hyken, Irene Mann,
Melanie Proctor, Lesley Resnick, Elizabeth Schnipper and Jennifer
Warren. Clara Mann, Scout Leader

 

ALL ABOUT GIRL SCOUTS
by

Lisa Greenspoon

Girl Scouts consists of camping, earning badges, learning
new things, playing games and the cookie sale. But Girl Scouts is
more than that . . . it’s helping other people. The three things I liked
best were cooking, camping and the cookie sale.

Girl Scouts is a good experience for every girl. Learning new skills
is a lot of fun. We like to help people that need us. That is the most
important thing of all. I really enjoyed Girl Scouts this year.

 

ATID

ATID is the College Age Organization of Judaism sponsored by the United Synagogue of America. It was formed
and is led by college students and collegians who want to live and learn Judaism and continue their identification with
the Jewish Movement.

ATID invites all college age students who wish to involve themselves in Jewish life and thought.

Our Synagogue is very anxious to keep in touch with all of our youth throughout the year, so parents are urged to
contact the Center office and give us their address at school. Activities are planned during vacation periods to enable
our collegians to get together with their friends. During the Winter break last December, College age youth, under-
graduates, their families and friends shared the joy of Shabbat at special Shabbat Services in our Sanctuary. Our college
students participated in the services and the Dvar Torah and remarks were oriented to topics of their interest and
concerns.

Following the services the students were invited to an informal luncheonin their honor; to socialize and get-together .
... to sing, dance, enjoy the spirit of Shabbat and the renewed associations that they made. It is very important to
encourage our collegians to participate and “keep in touch”.

217
