David Moss

1884-1978

David Moss, Past President of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
died at the age of 93 on June 15, 1978. He served as president
during 1926-1927, and again from 1937-1938. He devoted over 50
years of his life to the synagogue and the Jewish community, and
to the civic affairs of our city.

He was born in Punjest, Roumania, October 7, 1884, and
emigrated to America in 1904. At first he lived with relatives in
Savannah, Georgia and worked there for two years. In 1906 he
moved to Jacksonville. He was the first of six brothers and a sister
to arrive in America, and was instrumental in bringing each of them,
including his parents, to Jacksonville. In 1913 he married Fannie
Frank in Congregation B'nai Israel. They had one son, Norman.

He was actively involved in all areas of the Jewish community,
especially during the years of planning for the synagogue building
at 3rd and Silver Streets. During the 1920’s he participated in the
YMHA fund-raising and programming activities. In the late 1920’s he
was a member of the original group of men who formed what was
then known as the Jewish Welfare Society, and known now as the
Jewish Family and Children’s Services. He was later elected treasurer and served in that capacity for approximately 30 years.
In 1932 he was elected chairman of the Troop Committee of Boy Scout Troop No. 14, sponsored by the Jewish Center, and
served for 5 years.

In 1927 David Moss was selected as a member of the “National Committee of One Thousand” which was formed on the
occasion of the laying of the cornerstone of the Yeshiva College of America. In 1930 he was invited to become a member of the
National Advisory Council of the National Home for Jewish Children in Denver, Colorado.

During a visit to Memphis, Tennessee, in 1932, he observed a group of young people conducting their own services on
Shabbat. They called themselves a Junior Congregation. Upon his return to Jacksonville, he planned the formation of a Junior
Congregation at our synagogue. The success of this activity gave him much pleasure and satisfaction.

He was a life member of the Elks Club, and in 1943, during World WarII, he was chairman of the Scrap Metal Drive sponsored
by the Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce. He was also an active member of their Membership Committee, and received many
citations for his outstanding work. :

He worked for many years on the membership committee of the Zionist Organization of America. The Jewish National
Fund honored him for his untiring work by dedicating a forest in Israel in his name.

For many years he served as Treasurer of the Cemetery Committee, and was instrumental in purchasing the land now known
as the new cemetery at 44th street.

He was a man who loved and lived his Judaism.

 

By Norman Moss
Son of David Moss

The Jacksonville Jewish Center takes this occasion of the publication of this yearbook to mark indelibly in its records its appreciation and
indebtedness to David Moss for the permanent influence he left behind. One can list all of his accomplishments, but that is not sufficient.
David Moss cared for others, young and old alike, he had no preference. His happiness came from the happiness of others.

His dedication went beyondJacksonville . .. Israel was his love. Very few men can take the place of David Moss... many have benefitted from
his life and dedication to Judaism. He built our synagogue with years of hard work and frustration. But he persevered because he believed in
his religion and wanted Jacksonville to have a synagogue of which it could be proud. His dream became a reality . .. we are forever grateful.

19
