pe
IADI

Goals and Objectives

Grades 7-8

y

 

Jewish families today look to the synagogue as the
center for Jewish activity: religious, educational,
social and recreational. A major goal of the syna-
gogue and its school is the education of youth witha
firm base of knowledge; Jewish identification; a
sense of pride in their heritage; and a commitment to
Judaism.

The goal of Kadima is to bring about the inter-
nalization of Jewish values, attitudes and behavior
patterns by supplementing the child’s formal reli-
gious education with informal Jewish learning
experience.

The objectives are simple:
® To recognize the importance of Shabbat and holiday
observance.
® To recognize the need for regular devotion both
individuatly_and in groups.
© To develop an appreciation of, and willingness to
work for the Synagogue.
®© To increase the use of Hebrew in informal settings.
® To establish a communal sense by supporting com-
munity and civic activities such as local charities,
Keren Ami, JNF.
© To recognize the importance of Israel as a modern
center for world Jewry.
© To develop a Jewish identity through music and
dance.
To develop an appreciation of Jewish Family life.
To understand the essential consonance of living as
an American and living as a Jew.

SOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOO OOHDOOOOO OOOO OOO OOOOH OOOO OOO OOO OOOO OOOO OOO OOOO OO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO

YOUNG JUDEA

 

mv

 
 

 

II VAY VAN Was

Te R/S A r
% I fees 1\ 79 \Z" ra av Y.
YVAN VY AVAVAY,

ee \
VIII

KADIMA

The Center is very grateful to Barbara and Eliot
Safer and Ava Hoffenberg who advised the Kadima
group this past year. Through their unselfish efforts
a very cohesive and exciting year was enjoyed by all
Kadimaniks.

This coming year is expected to be even more excit-
ing. Under the guidance of Rabbi Dov Kentof very
special programs have already been planned. If your
child is in the seventh or eighth grade call the Center
now. We are pleased to announce that Barbara and
Eliot Safer will continue as advisors.

Young Judea is the Zionist Youth Movement dedicated to instilling in our youth an appreciation
of our Jewish Heritage, ideals and values. Through youth organizations such as this, Jewish
children can get together in a relaxed atmosphere to discuss topics of interest, perform com-

munity services and socialize.

The Young Judeans that attended Camp Judea in Hendersonville, N.C. were Deborah Bressler,
Judy Bressler, Steven Cohan, Scott Panken, Melissa Roey, Shannon Sussman and Susan
Schwab. Marcia Greenbaum, who served as advisor of the Y oung Judeans this past year, worked
asa C.LT. along with Andrew Ruby at the camp. Ninth graders attended the National Young
Judea Camp, Tel Yehuda in Barryville, N.Y. If your child is in the fifth or sixth grade please

call Rabbi Dov Kentof at 268-6736.

209
