SIMHAT TORAH CELEBRATION —

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1977

CONGREGATION TO HONOR THREE LEADERS FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE

The Festival of Sukkot reaches its joyous climax
on Simhat Torah, the last day of the Holiday. Simhat
Torah is the happiest holiday on the Jewish calendar
because we celebrate our joy and pleasure with the
Torah.

Because of Israel’s perennial love of the Torah,
it has been referred to in Jewish tradition as Israel’s
“bride.” A tradition. evolved in ancient times to honor
the individual called for the last reading of the Torah

—the Hatam Torah or the groom of the Torah. The
person honored to begin the Torah reading from its
beginning is called Hatam Bereshit the groom of
Genesis. We also honor a woman who has made a dis-
tinctive contribution to our Synagogue and to Jewish
life in general—the “Woman of Valor’ honor. We
will honor these individuals at Services on Simhat
Torah morning, Wednesday, October 5,

 

HARRY GENODZIER
Hatan Torah

Harry Gendzier will be honor-
ed as Hatam Torah, the groom of
the Torah. It is an honor truly
merited and deserved.

60 of Harry’s 80 years of life
have been spent in Jacksonville
Throughout the years he has been
a devoted and selfless leader con-
cerned with the multiple needs and
interests of the Jewish community.
Harry was a charter member of
the Hebrew Junior League which
helped to create he idea for the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. He is
a past President of the Jewish
Center and undoubtedly is pleased
to see this tradition carried on in
the person of his son Sheldon. Our

Hatan Torah was Chairman of the

Building Fund for 17 years and his
leadership was marked by dignity,
knowledge and by direction and
innovation.

Harry has served the Jewish com-
munity on a national basis as well.
He served as the President of the
Southeast Region of the United
Synagogue of America and was a

national Vice-President of the
United Synagogue. His years of
active involvement included distin-
guished service as President of
River Garden and President of the
Jacksonville Jewish Community
Council.

Members of his family and the
entire Jewish community is justly
proud of our “Groom of the Torah.”

 

SAMUEL ‘BUD" SHORSTEIN
Hatan Bereshit

Our Hatan Bershit (Bridegroom
of Genesis) this year is Bud Shor-
stein, a most deserved honor. Bud
has been serving as the Chairman
of our “Ein Breira” Building Cam-
paign during its period of greatest
challenge. It was Buddy’s dedica-
tion to the Center, initiative and
love for Jewish life that propelled
him to the forefront of this posi-
tion of responsibility. During his
chairmanship, the Center was able
to meet its wide ranging financial
responsibilities. Buddy’s leadership
and inspiration as an active Board
member has made it possible for
the Building Fund to achieve its
many objectives.

Mrs. Bess Shorstein, Buddy’s
mother, recalls our honoree’s love
for Judaism even at the tender age
of six. Buddy, dismissed from He-
brew School because he was too
young, returned the following day
with every determination to stay.
How lucky we are that he did. He
received his education at the Cen-
ter, was actively involved through
his teen years and continues to be
one of the Center’s bright leaders.

Buddy’s love and devotion to the
Jewish Center is a family affair. It
is said that he and his brother
Jack, our first Building Fund cam-
paign Chairman, are involved in
two partnerships, their accounting
practice and their unselfish dedi-
cation and devotion to the Jackson-
ville Jewish Center. We are proud
of Buddy and convey every best
wish for this most deserved honor.

 

MRS. LEO JACOBSON

"Woman of Valor”

The “Woman of Valor” honor
will be bestowed on Sheila Jacob-
son at Services this Simhat Torah.
Sheila, a tireless dynamo, has been
actively involved in the leadership
of the Jewish Center for many
years. As a co-chairperson of one
of the Center’s most important
committees, the Education Com-
mittee, Sheila has been in close
contact with every facet of the
wide ranging educational program
a the Center. Realizing that qual-
ity education will be possible only
if the necessary funds to make it
possible were available, our “Wo-
man of Valor” honoree assumed
the burden of fund raising for our
Solomon Schechter Day School.

Starting with the “Simcha 13”
affair which celebrated our Day
School’s Bar Mitzvah, Sheila has
consistently chaired every Day
School celebration and Raffle since
then with grace and elegance. Most
important her untiring and devot-
ed efforts have provided the neces-
sary funds to make possible the
quality of Jewish and general edu-
cation with which she is so con-
cerned. In her case, her love of
the synagogue and devotion to
Judaism is also a “family affair.”
Together with her husband Leo,
treasurer of the Jewish Center, and
her lovely family, the Jacobsons
are not only one of the most visible
of families—they are amongst the
vital families we have at the Center.

Services on Simhat Torah Wednesday, October 5
begin at 9:00 a.m. and will include the Hakafot Torah
Scroll Procession. A reception honoring Harry Gend-
zier, Samuel Shorstein and Mrs. Leo Jacobson will
be held immediately following Services.

The entire congregation extends heartfelt con-
gratulations to Harry and Belle Gendzier, the Shor-
stein family and Sheila and Leo Jacobson and their
families on this very special moment in their

lives.

 

e =: = EE
ir | TTT
Se ee errr Ce eee ee ee ny anne
