Cf)E #oob of
Jerusalem
Jerusalem, July 17, 1949.
20 J amuz, 5709.
To my Friends in Jacksonville:
I want to tell you how it feels to be in Israel, es¬
pecially in the city of Jerusalem.
Before I left many of you asked me How does it
feel to be going to Israel? ’ You realized that I was
possessed of a great sense of expectation. My restrained,
even matter-of-fact, replies were deliberate; I wanted to be
free of anticipations bred of fancy.
Years of dedication to Zionism, pent up aspirations
of Jewish statehood now fulfilled, Iife-I ong urging of
support to sustain a struggling Yishuv, public enlighten¬
ment and debate with Jew and non-Jew on the val idity
of the Jewish nationalist position, constant prayer for
Zion s restoration—all these, I feared, mig ht make me
see what wasn t there.
I landed on Lydda airport with Sheheheyony on
my lips, but a determined realist. I wanted to be free
of illusions and safe against disillusionment. Profound
thanksgiving has been reported by travelers arriving in
the Holy Land, but coming down on the sacred soil by
plane evokes instantaneous elation. Step off the run¬
way and you are in touch with hallowed ground. No
wooden piere, no concrete landing platform intervene. I he
shoreline for which you have been scanning eastward
while still over a solid carpet of sea is soon in view
with a fringe of sand dune holding back the waves.
Characteristic vegetation at once begins to fill the land¬
scape, hugging several settled areas. Before you realize
fully that you have arrived to the land of your fathers
the plane s door swings open to the greeting of Brukhim
Ha-b aim. Simultaneously the aroma of sunbaked
earth mixed with sea breeze and cedar penetrate the nos¬
tril s—a sensation that will follow you around from now on.
My mission for the Rabbinical Assembly auspicious¬
ly introduced me to the Holy Land by way of the Holy
City. Space will not permit a step by step account
of edifying and informative experiences along the Road
of Strength and the ascent into modern Jerusalem by way
of the S even Sisters hairpin curves. Now that I have
been here five days including a Shabat I recommend this
itinery unreservedly to every visitor of Israel. Despite
battle scars of a recent war, despite its being a pawn on
the international diplomacy table—perhaps because of
them, as added reasons—Jerusalem is still the King’s
sanctuary, the regal city.’’
Victory fell short of holding the break-through into
the walled Old City and the Shik Jerah junction sancti¬
fied by the lives of Dr. Yasky and his associates. How¬
ever, I saw with what admirable ingenuity Hadassah re¬
located its mercy and welfare service and the Hebrew
University its educational program in borrowed and im-
RABBI SANDER A. TO FI ELD
provised quarters. There is no slack in determination;
the city continues to inspire faith and gracious living.
I just spent Shabat in Jerusalem. Although the
day is observed throughout Israel in traditional spirit,
here it is something special. The «Friday afternoon in¬
creased bustle melts away with the declining rays of sun¬
shine. I attended several synagogues for different por¬
tions of the Sabbath prayers. Languid chants of Sep¬
hardic ritual, lusty cantations of Yemenite patriarchs and
urchins, blended in me with the fervent Hassidic incan¬
tations, even when I worshipped in the modern Jeshurun
synagogue.
Out on the streets joyous reverence prevailed. This
spirit remained unbroken till sunset on Saturday. It
was felt in all sections of the city. Oriental finery in
Sha are Hesed, kaftan and fur cap Sabbath garb of
Eastern Europe, in Meah She arim, westernized attire on
the principle business streets blended in expressing Sab¬
bath tranquility. I inquired from my promenading
companion, a native Yerushalmi, about lustier diversions
that younger Israeli are supposed to indulge in according
to reports. His reply came with indulgence for the
uninitiate and not without considerable pride, Don t
forget; this is Jerusalem.’’
Neither shall 1 forget to repeat the words o f the
Psalm when I leave tomorrow for other parts of the land;
the same blessing I extend to you, my friends back home,
for the coming New Year:
The Lord bless thee out of Zion;
And see thou the good of Jerusalem all the days
of thy life;
And see thy children’s children. Peace be
upon Israel!’’
Sanders A. To)¿eld
II
