Síe-neraí yt an
a
The new unit is to he built west of the present struc¬
ture and will join the rear wing of the existing building.
The new building will be approximately 100 feet in width
by 170 feet in depth and will enclose more than 22,000
square feet.
Auditorium
I he multi-purpose auditorium will be 82 feet in width
and 95 feet in length, with the open floor space measur¬
ing 60 feet in width and 95 feet in length. Along the
eastern line of the open floor space will rise a side bal¬
cony of 300 permanent seats, which will be available for
spectator space for athletic contests and for overflow re¬
quirements for normal auditorium use. The open floor
space itself can accomodate 600 persons comfortably for
banquets, 400 for dinner dances and approximately 900
persons for seated affairs. Thus, the combined use of
the open floor space and side balcony will accomodate
1200 persons comfortably for seated affairs such as High
Holy Day services. 1 he auditorium is so designed that
there will be no columns of any kind, thus providing
good line of vision from any point.
II he auditorium will be decorated in such a manner
that none of the athletic uses of the area will in any way
mar the beauty of the interior. A large stage, 20 feet
in depth and 45 feet in width will cover the nor th wall
of the auditorium. Two dressing rooms and consid¬
erable space in the wings will make the use of the stage
completely adequate. A projection booth in the rear of
the auditorium is included in the plans. Space under
the stage area and under the side balcony should afford
sufficient space for the storage of chairs and banquet
tables.
For better utilization of the auditorium, an electrically
operated roller movable partition wall is planned so as
to divide the area into a northern portion and a southern
portion. 1 he northern portion will be available for a
day to day use as a small gymnasium 60 by 50 feet in
size and will be equipped with proper removable wall and
window guards to protect the interior finish. This por¬
tion can be approached by a separate corridor and can
be entered directly from the locker rooms. The southern
portion will be equipped with a portable sectional platform,
enabling its use for smaller meetings, banquets, and gath¬
erings. This section will be 60 by 45 feet in size and
should be able to accomodate up to 500 persons for seated
gatherings.
First Floor
I T.r 'if
Entrance into the auditorium will be by way of a
spacious lobby opening off the entrance vestibule. Open¬
ing off the lobby will be a ladies powder room and lav¬
atories, men s rest room and check room. To the left
as one enters the building is a spacious lounge, 23 feet
by 37 feet in size, capable of accomodating up to 100 per¬
sons for formal or inlormal gatherings. To the right
as one enters is a combination library and board room,
also 23 feet by 37 feet in area. This room will be
available for many additional uses, being able to accomo¬
date small luncheons and dinners up to 60 persons, and
being adaptable for adult study groups, meetings, etc.
Extending from the main lobby to the side entrance
of the building from the interior court is the suite of ad¬
ministrative offices, consisting of a Rabbi s study, recep¬
tionist s office, staff office, and general secretarial office,
and containing adequate storage facilities, soundproof
mimeograph room.
A 30 foe' court will consume the area between the
present building and the new unit. An open terrace
approximately 50 feet square in area is accessible to both
buildings and can be utilized for the erection of the tem¬
porary Succah.
The area under the side balcony opening onto the
auditorium will be utilized in providing men and ladies
locker rooms and showers, an athletic director s o ffice,
exercise room, and basket storage facilities.
Th e rear of the first floor will be devoted to the kitchen
needs of the institution. The kitchen itself will measure
19 feet by 44 feet in size and is comparable to those found
in restaurants and hotels. A snack bar dispensing
light foods and drinks is adjacent to the kitchen.
Second Floor
1 he secón d fi oor o f the building is devoted to youth
and adult activities. The youth section consists of a
youth lounge opening on to a junior game room and a
junior meeting room. This entire section can be opened
into one area for special youth functions or adult activ¬
ities such as small weddings, gatherings, etc. A special
youth canteen opens off of the lounge. An arts and
crafts room with an adjoining dark room for photography
activities concludes the youth facilities.
The adult lounge on the second floor is capable of
accomodating up to 100 persons for formal or informal
gatherings. Adjoining the lounge is an adult game
room, which is adaptable for providing billiards, checkers,
chess, or other adult activities. A large lobby in the
center of the second floor accomodates a better use of
the adult and youth activities. A projection room for
the showing of films is provided off the second floor lobby.
16
