'Tlovem&e’i
SECOND UNIT OF JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER CONSTRUCTION CEREMONIES SCHEDULED
The dates of November 13th or 20th have been set
tentatively for breaking of ground with construction to
proceed immediately. The dates are tentative depend¬
ing on the convenience of the nationally famous speaker
who is now being contacted to appear at the ceremony.
Working drawings and specifications, culminating
long months of planning, study and campaigning are
about completed by the architectural firm of Marsh and
Saxefby. Bids should open on November 1st. Every¬
thing proceeding on schedule, definite activities should
be noticeable by worshippers coming for High Holiday
services. The buildings now occupying the ground ad¬
jacent to the Center will be in process of demolition.
Collections on outstanding pledges to the Building
Fund is now engaging the interest of the Finance Sub
Committee.
The definite and final plans, approved both by the
Building Committee and the Board of the Center, call
for the erection of an activities building on Third Street
directly west and connected with the present building.
The prominent feature o f the new building is a multi¬
purpose auditorium, equipped with facilites for the vari¬
ous usages to which it can be put. The building will
also contain administrative office and recreational and
social facilities.
In arriving at the final decision, the committee was
influenced by the following factors: the centrality of the
present location, the tremendous cost of duplicating the
existing structure elsewhere, and the years of delay involved
in finding another location.
Courageous planning and confidence in the worth¬
whileness of our objective will enable us to prepare the
foundations and environment for a healthy American
Judaism in Jacksoville. Already we are seeing the ful¬
fillment of a dream cherished by many of our members
and leading citizens. We can be hopeful of achieving
the entire program, with God s help, in the near future.
Let us bear in mind that we saw the fulfillment o f the
Jewish people s dream in Israel on Herzel s slogan, "If
you will it, it is no dream.
Utilization of Present Building
With the erection of the new unit, the auditorium
space in the present building and the space formerly used
for o ffices were then available for expanded educational
facilities. Present plans call for utilizing one half of the
former auditorium exclusively for kindergarten faci lities.
The other half will provide for a combination daily prayer-
school assembly room with two school rooms available
for Sunday morning use. In addition the released
space in the rear of the present building will provide three
additional class rooms.
Future Plans
However, even while the present phase of the expan¬
sion program is under construction, plans have already been
made for the next phase of development. Within a
period of five years, the committee s plans call for the
construction on Silver Street in the rear of the present
building of a modern school building, affording the finest
available facilities for the daily Hebrew School, the daily
Nursery-kindergarten and the Sunday Religious School.
With the completion of this facility, the classroom
space on the second and third fl oors of the present build¬
ing will be devoted to the enlargement of the present
synagogue to a seating capacity of 900 persons. At
that time, the synaogue wi II be completely renovated, a
new and decorous pulpit and Ark will be installed, stained
glass will be used in all windows, the floors refinished
and recarpeted, and all of the interior walls redecorated.
15
