inclement weather did not entirely intertere with the spiri¬
tual note of the occasion. However, thought is now being
given to the relative merits of continuing the practice on
this occasion or establishing it on a more suitable one.
Bar Mitzvah and Bas Mitzvah Observance
The previous year we inaugurated Bas Mitzvah cere¬
monies for girls who attend Hebrew School on their reach¬
ing their thirteenth birthday. It was not until this year,
however, that the obervance was firmly established. We
had a succession of Bas Mitzvah services in November
and in April. A pattern of celebrating this newly adopted
ceremony as well as the firmly rooted Bar Mitzvah is mak¬
ing these observances of greater spiritual moment in the
lives of our young people and their parents.
I he initiants participate in the Friday evening Family
Sabbath Service with parents and other relatives serving
as hosts at the social hour following and the parents also
providing Kiddush at the conclusion of the Sabbath Morn¬
ing Service. 1 hese events are definitely synagogue cen¬
tered.
Confirmation
CDNFIRMATIDiN CLASS, 1949
Formal religious services and the school season were
climaxed jointly at the Confirmation service held Friday
evening, June 3rd. Declared by some as the most im¬
pressive Confirmation ever held at the Center, found the
participants reading portions of the service in Hebrew and
interpreting various passages. J he synagogue was filled
to overflow and a jubilant attendance took part in the
reception tendered the Confirmants by their parents in
the Center auditorium.
FI orence Muy Bono awards for class essays went to
Joel Bressler, Helen Haber and Faye Setzer. Stanley
Kantor received the Men’s Club prize in leadership.
Rabbi 1 ofield delivered the charge, “A Timely Lesson.”
Center President, Harry Leff, and Sisterhood President,
Mrs. Harry Jaffee, and Education Committee Chairman,
Louis Safer, made the awards.
I he following are the members of the 1949 Confir¬
mation Class: Paul D avid Becker, Gary Martin Bloom,
Joel Vernon Bressler, Ethel Rose Chepenik, Bernie Samuel
Deutsch, Beatrice Doych, Diane Ellen Dwoskin, Lorraine
Roslyn Goldberg, Norman Howard Greenbaum, Helen
Dorothy Haber, Joy Haimowitz, Harold Nathan Horvitz,
Stanley Estrin Kantor, William Lassk, Florence Hilda
Price, Stanley William Rosenkranz, Faye Setzer and Ina
Marcia Witten.
Family Sabbath Service
1 he past year a diversity of themes gave tune to the
Family Sabbath Service he¿d Friday evenings at 8:15. The
series opened with the celebration of the 70th birthday of
Joseph Hackel who was then at the helm of the Center
as president. Mrs. Hackel and her children entertained
the congregation at the social hour. The honoree was
presented with copies of the Hertz edition of the Humosh
and High Holid ay Prayer Book from sets inscribed in his
honor by a group of co-workers and the Sisterhood. In
his sermon Design For Jewish Living , Rabbi Tofield cal¬
led attention to Mr. Hackel s exemplifying the aims of the
United Jewish Appeal that was currently conducting a
campaign in the community that was the theme o f the ser¬
mon.
Mention has already been made o f the pi ace Bar
Mitzvah and Bas Mitzvah occupied at these weekly wor¬
ships. Many o f the services fall into definite categories
and we shall review them as such.
As an occasion when members of the Center family
bring their joys to the congregation as a whole, the Family
Sabbath Service has developed a consistent following. Our
members were hosts to the congregation in honor of newly
born children and grandchildren, in honor of engage¬
ments, and in celebration of wedding anniversaries. Mr.
and Mrs. Hackel were again complimented by their child¬
ren on a distinguished wedding anniversary, their 40th.
It took place the Friday evening preceding the date of
May 9th. I hat occasion was also annual Sabbath honor¬
ing mothers.
Center Milestones
I he synagogue family like the individual family has
its own recurrent events. In the past year they have en¬
joyed the spiritual illumination of religious worship. Center
”simhas” that became interwoven with its religious pro¬
gram are headed by the Installation of Officers and Di¬
rectors held on January 21. Harry Leff as president and
Officers and Board members elected on January 10 parti¬
cipated in an impressive ritual service. The Rabbi gave
the charge A Test of Leadership.” Newly elected officers
were honored at the reception following services tendered
by distinguished synagogue members.
Graduation from Hebrew School for a group of seven
boys and girls was held on Friday evening, January 7. The
importance of this event as well as those who were in the
group is dealt with in the section of this Year Book devoted
to our Educational program. The president of the congre¬
gation, Harry Leff, and the principal of the school, Ted
Gross, took part in the proceedings. Most of these young
people and several others were also recipients of Leaders
Training Fellowship pins at the Hebrew Cultural Sabbath
Service held on April 1.
The annual Boy Scouts of America Anniversary Sab¬
bath on February 11 had special significance this year.
The Center has the distinction of having made the first
Ner J amid Award for Reverence presentation in the city
of Jacksonville to Jack Eff. Chief Scout Executive Horace
S. Williamson and Scoutmaster Joe Mizrahi assisted in
the service. The award was made at the recommendation
of a special committee headed by Philip Selber upon the
27
