Ytelix^uouiu C-u-mti aft the yeab
Year Round Service
A congregation like the Jacksonville Jewish Center
cannot subdivide its functions into sharply defined catego
ries. Religious, educational, and often social event: merge
together. In this part of our Year Book we attempt tD
review occasions revolving around synagogue worship and
activities focused on the total program of the Center.
It is even difficult to speak of opening and closing
events. Religious Services are conducted at the Center daily,
morning and evening traditional minyan services are held
in the chapel. In connection with Summer Day Camp many
a worship hour is set aside for the children participating.
I he practice of including a memorial prayer for departed
dear ones whose yahrzeit occurs during the week at the
Family Sabbath Service is transferred to the Sabbath Morn¬
ing Service during the summer. Our families have come to
observe their sacred remembrances in this manner in ever
increasing numbers. Even with these considerations o f the
way the Jacksonville Jewish Center functions as the con¬
servative synagogue in Jacksonvi lie it is still customary to
begin with the beginning when reviewing the year past.
High Holidays
Selihos services held at midnight of Sept. 25 continued
the practice inaugurated a year ago with the Rabbi, Cantor,
and Choir officiating at the midnight penitential prayers.
The M en s Club also repeated their serving an early morning
snack following the service. Our congregation recognizes
the charm of the traditionally significant prelude to the
High Holid ays. This coming year more o f the younger
people are expected to share in the beautiful liturgy recited
from a special edition wi th a modern English translation
and explanatory notes provided for worshippers.
Elsewhere in this Year Book as well as in previous
editions, note was taken of the Y. P. L. High Holiday
services. Started as an experiment for 5709, the impression
made on young people warrants its continuation and ex¬
tension. A committee of the new Y. P. L. administration was
busily engaged during the summer months preparing for an
even more impressive service for Rosh Hashanah and Yom
Kippur of 5710.
The first night of Rosh Hashanah has become the
occasion for Jewish New Year receptions at the Center. A
year ago it was conducted on a limited scale. This year
the Center auditorium was arranged for the event following
a service at 8 o’clock in the evening. A Sisterhood com¬
mittee took charge with the following Center and Sister-
hoo d Officers and Board members serving as hosts: Mr.
and Mrs. Jack Becker, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Becker, Mr. and
M rs. Ben Chepenik, Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Friedlin, Mr.
and Mrs. Isadore Gartner, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Gendzier,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert J. Gordon, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Hackel, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph KrestuI, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Leff, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Mizrahi, Mr. and Mrs. Nathan
Newman, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Safer, Mr. and Mrs. Herbert
Sandler, Mr. and Mrs. Hyman Selber and Mr. and Mrs.
Philip Selber.
The Bulletin that appeared at the conclusion of the
hoi iday season carri ed a note of thanks from president Jo¬
seph Hackel to the numerous individuals for the services
we had on the High Holidays (which) will be remembered
fondly for a long time. For the sake of the record we can¬
not improve on that statement and take the opportunity
of quoting it liberally:
7 o the entire Congregation for their kind indul¬
gence and cooperation
To Rabbi 7 ofield f or his inspiring sermons and
reverential spirit that he established at all services.
7 to Cantor Marton for his beautiful rendition and
7 o the Center volunteer Choir for their most
capable intoning of the music.
To those who assisted with various phases o f the
services: Mr. William Rosenberg, Mr. S am Smith, Mr.
S. Bernstein, who rendered portions of the service; Mr.
Louis Safer who sounded the Shofar.
J o Mr. Joe Becker, head of the ushers, and his staff;
Mr. I ed Friedman, Mr. Julius Levin, Mr. Norman Moss,
Mr. Herbert Sandler and Mr. Hyman Selber.
1 o Mr. Jack Becker and Mr. Nat Shorstein for adminis¬
tering Aliyos and Pesihos.
1 o those who conducted the traditional service in the
auditorium: Rev. B. Safer, Mr. M. Nathan and Mr. Beno
Becker.
J o the young people who assisted Ted Gross with the
Y. P. L. Service, Inman Leff who sounded the Shofar, Joel
Bressler, Jack Eff, Abbey Fink, Ben Hoffe nberg, Nathan
KrestuI, Sol Proctor, Gerald Sohn and Herbert Sohn who
read parts of the service. Messages were given by Miss Ruth
Leonard, Sam Proctor, Billy Cohen and Wilbur Margol.
To our Sisterhood, the Dau ght ers of Israel, for provid¬
ing the pulpit appointments for the Y. P. L. service.
To comment briefly, all our services were impressive,
dignified and most worshipful. ”
Concecnation of New Pupils
Closely associated with the beginning of the religious
year through worship is the initiation of new pupils in our
religious school. Once again we find a recent tradition
becoming a fixed practice. Consecration Services were held
on the eve of Shemini Azeretz, Oct. 24. Pupils entering
the Hebrew School and Sunday Morning Kindergarten
joined their parents and grandparents in prayer, and receiv¬
ed miniature J orah scro 11s and other tokens.
Welcome New Members
New members who joined the Center for the 1948
fiscal year received the official welcome o f the congrega¬
tion on the first ni ght of S ukkos. Kiddush in the Sukkah
and refreshments were provided by the Mens Club. The
26
