fienten- ScátenA<mcC - Daughters of Israel
OFFICERS
President -
1st. Vice President
2nd. Vice President
3rd. Vice President
4th. Vice President
Recording Secretary
Treasurer —
Social Secretary
Financial Secretary
Mrs. Harry I. Jaffe
Mrs. Joseph Mizrahi
Mrs. Norman Moss
.... Mrs. Harry Cranman
Mrs. Maauel Goldstein
Mrs. Henry Bettman
Mrs. Sid ney X. Cohen
Mrs. Monroe KI ausner
Mrs. Shelby Trager
MRS. HARRY I. JAFFEE
No modern congregation can function adequately with¬
out the aid of a well-organized women’s group attached to it.
This constitutes the Daughters of Israel. 1 he Sisterhood
aims to stimulate the furtherance of Jewish education in
the family; to stress ethical and religious practices in every¬
day living. It strives to attain its purpose by creating and
fostering Jewsh sentiment in the home; stimulating the
observances of the Sabbath and Festivals, of Dietary Laws
and other traditional religious home ceremonials. We in
the Daughters of Israel urge a closer relationship among
our Sisterhood, Synagogue and Religious Schools and fost¬
er cooperation and a sense of communal responsibility by
Sisterhood women. It cannot do this alone effectively, but
only if it works closely with and through the congregation.
It must also work in close cooperation with the religious
school, adolescent and young folks groups, the community,
more especially, other Jewish women’s organizations.
The Sisterhood is supplementing the funds for the
Hebrew School students who have earned scholarships to
Camp Ramah. Along with the idea of furthering the
Jewish education of our youth is the S isterhood s active
affiliation with the National Women s League and I orah
Scholarship Fund. When we work for the Torah Scholar¬
ship Fund we are in reality working for our own children,
for the improvement of the very community in which they
must grow up. J he benefits derived from J orah scholar¬
ships come back to us and to our children in the form of
trained Rabbis and staff. We all know that one o f the
best things that we women can do to build understanding
of Jews and Judaism among all our American neighbors is
to develop within our own families the pride that comes from
a true appreciation of the eternal values of Judaism, and
its undying contributions to world culture. It is the support
of women like ourselves which goes to make up the whole
movement. Without us, each of us individually, there can
be no Torah Scholarship Fund. We are the flesh and
blood of this great work, and this being so, ours is a great
challenge and a glorious opportunity.
SMITH STEEL
H. & W. B. DREW CO.
CONSTRUCTION CO.
Office Supplies - Office Furniture - Printing
▼
Lithographing - Engraving
STEEL FABRICATORS
2024 DENNIS STREET PHONE 4-1406
22 - 30 W. BAY ST. PHONE 5-1500
21
