YOUTH ACTIVITIES
The need for youth activities to supplement the educa¬
tional and religious programs has long been realized in
our Center. Accordingly, during the past year, the attempt
was made to carry out such an activities program within
the limits prescribed by existing conditions. This works was
carried on by Isaac Silver—a member of our teaching staff
—serving as Youth Activities Director, in cooperation
with the Youth Activities Committee, on which Mrs. Joseph
KrestuI served as special representative.
During the period from December, 1948, through May
1948, a series of socials were held for the various divisions
of the Sunday Religious School. In some cases the active
participation of other youth groups in the community were
encouraged and heartily welcomed.
The socials included:
1. A teen-age social and dance on December 4th with
the senior grades of the Religious School and the A. Z. A.
Fraternity participating.
2. A dance on January 9th, coinciding with the gradu¬
ation of the senior class in the Hebrew Department—hon¬
oring the 49 grads and sponsored by the Confirmation
Class with the Eighth Grade participatng.
5. An evening party on January 29th arranged by the
Confirmation Class.
4. A second barn dance on May 21st, honoring the
Confirmants of Shovuot, 49 and sponsored by the Minyan
Club and the Post-Confirmants.
hinancial sponsorship o f the affairs was undertaken
mainly by the Daughters of Israel Sisterhood. Mothers
always were more than ready to assist in chaperoning and
arranging refreshments. Our sincerest gratitude goes out to
these daughters in Israel who gave oí their energies to
ensure the success of every project involved.
All in all, judging from the record attendance at each
social and from the enthusiasm displayed, Center workers
have every encouragement to look forward to a most sue
cessful future for youth activities. Youth activities, as dis¬
tinct from the academic and religious phases, but yet as
a regular institution of Center life, are something to which
Center youth have yet to become fully accustomed.
The new building project takes youth activities into
consideration prominently. At this time it is difficult to
foresee how much of the new facilities will be avai Iable
in time for next season. Young people and all who are
interested in youth work may take satisfaction in the
knowledge that an expanded program is at hand and will
be implemented as soon as accomodations are ready. In
the past year most athletic activities were conducted through
the Center Men s Club. Within the near future more of
this type event wi II be included in tbe Center s program.
The successful result of the past year s undertakings are
a sure indication that the youth activities department is
an integral part of the Center.
THE Y. P. L.
ALBERT DATZ
OFFICERS
Albert Datz President
Dr. Harold Fevin Vice Presiden!
Marilyn Rosner Secretary
Benny Hoffenberg treasurer
Speaking at Center religious services, sponsoring social
hours afterwards, conducting High Holiday Services, and
giving dances at the Center highlighted the program of Y. P.
F. last year.
The Young Peoples Feague of the Center is a com¬
paratively new organization having had its start a little
over a year ago. It provides for the young people formal
affiliation with the Center and provides activities for mem¬
bers that other organizations leave ours, such as cultural
meetings and discussions concerning world problems, sex,
and marriage. J hese were the purposes set forth at the Na¬
tional Convention and told to the group at the first summer
meeting on June 13, 1949.
Í he past-President, Morly Rosenkranz, attended the
National Y. P. F. Conven tion which was held in Atlantic
City on April first and second. At this meeting the problems
of each group were discussed and suggestions and new
ideas were offered to aid the individual groups.
The Y. P. F. h opes to continue progressing and become
an affiliate that the Center will be proud of.
25
