CENTER MEN’S CLUB
OFFICERS
Jul ius Levin
Louis R. Mo ss
W. Z. Goldberg,
William Rosner
Ted Friedman
Herbert L. Sandler
Norman Moss
Harry Cranman
Sam Bryan
Max Brown
President
1st. Vice President
... 2nd. Vice President
3rd. Vice President
.. 4tb. Vice President
Treasurer
. Recording Secretary
Membership Secretary
Sgt. at Arms
Auditor
BOARD
Dave Armel, Mayne Cbanania, Ben Cohen, I. J. Edel-
stein, Gilbert Farber, Sam Fleet, Joe KrestuI, Harold Levin,
Isadore Moscovitz, Hyman Selber and Dr. Roy J. Sloat.
In the five years since the inception of the Center
Men s Club, the organization has matured to a position
of positive service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It
has evolved into an organization in which men of different
ages can meet on common ground with mutual interests.
From the original membership of 28 men, primarily inter¬
ested in fellowship, the Center Men’s Club has grown
to a paid up membership of 225, whose interests and ef¬
forts have developed into the field of youth activities, Jew¬
ish education, religious activities and community service.
The Center Men’s Club has several major projects for
which the greater part of its budget and general effort are
primarily devoted. The Minyan Club”, the Center Choir,
the Young People s League are the worthy projects through
which the organization finds expression for its community
service. Two years ago, the Center Men’s Club began to
sponsor the Minyan Club under the able direction of
Cantor Marón. This organization is composed of pre and
post Bar Mitzvah boys who meet every Sunday morning to
put into practice the training in religious worship of our tra¬
ditional Judaism. After services these young men are guests
of the Center Men s Club at a breakfast prepared and serv-
ed by the organization’s catering committee. The break¬
fasts are followed by the traditional blessings, singing of
Hebrew songs and discussion of Jewsh contemporary sub¬
JU LI US
LEVIN
jects. The Center Men s Club was the first to sponsor the
present Center Choir and in the past years of the Choir’s
existence has contributed substantially to its financial and
moral support.
Youth activities have always played a prominent roll
in the Center Men’s Club programming. Our organiza¬
tion has felt the need of the formation of a Young People’s
League and has its share of helping those in sponsoring
the activities of the different youth groups in the Jackson¬
ville Community as well as the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The Center Men’s Club also contributes to the scholarship
fund providing camping at Ramah in Leaders Training
Fellowship, thus helping the Jewish children in furthering
the ideals of Judaism. Our organization also gives prizes
to the best Sunday School and Hebrew School class in
the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Not only is the Center Men’s Club devoted to Jewish
religious and educational projects, but also in diversified
activities of social and athletic nature. The Center Men’s
Club participates in the Jewish Center Softball League,
the Community Council Bowling League, and the City
of Jacksonville Sunday School League, composed of teams
from the different Churches in Jacksonville. In the latter
League the Center Men’s Club won the championship last
year.
With the new year, the Center Men’s Club is looking
forward to an increased membership, a larger scope of
community and social activities, besides its regular service
to the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
23
