the practice of Synagogues and Churches, American Broth¬
erhood Sabbath was held on February 25 when the sermon
Brothers in Faith was given. Of particular interest was
several visits made at the Center by church school groups,
one such taking place on the Sabbath during Sukkot. 1 hey
partook of refreshments in the Succah and held an open
forum discussion in the synagogue. For American Brother¬
hood Week our Confirmation class made a return visit to
one of the groups represented.
In March and April our Rabbi was called upon for
talks on Judaism by two different Mens Bible Classes of
the Riverside Park Methodist Church with the Center s
Mens Club joining him as guests. In return, representa¬
tives of various churches were invited to the Center Mens
Club Installation dinner on May 22 when Rabbi Reuben J.
Magil of Harrisburg, Pa., gave an address, My Trip To
Israel.
National Affiliation
As the Conservative synagogue in Jacksonville the
Center works in close cooperation with the national move¬
ment. Fountainhead of conservative Judaism in America
is the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City which
coordinates all phases of laymens organizations within
the fold through the United Synagogue and the Rabbinical
Assembly. The former in turn sponsors the Cantors As¬
sembly, and womens, mens, and young peoples branches.
Financially these organizations are supported by community
funds and Friends of the Seminary groups within individual
synagogues. Jacksonville meets its obligations through
both of these means. At the Purim Seudah Rabbi Max
Routtenberg, Executive Vice President of The Rabb inical
Assembly was guest speaker on 1 he Friends o f The S emi-
nary theme. The circle of Friends is being enlarged in
our ranks constantly through the instrumentality of a spec¬
ial committee headed by Jacob Becker and Joseph Hackel.
Public demonstration of our national ties was made at
United Synagogue Sabbath which we observed with con¬
gregations all over the United States on the Sabbath of
February 18th. A symposium on “The Conservative Out¬
look on American Judaism was conducted by president
Harry Leff and each of the Center affiliated organizations
participated.
Cooperation with the various branches of its national
affiliate is achieved in many ways and further reflected in
last year s activity. Rabbi Tofield was elected to the Execu¬
tive Committee of the Rabbinical Assembly of America and
in turn elected by it to the important Committee on Jewish
Law and Standards. Recently he was designated one of
four Rabbis to make a study of religious thinking and prac¬
tice in Israel. Our membership is proud of this distinction
conferred on its Rabbi and anticipate his return with plea¬
sure.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center had the largest re*
presentation at the Conference on Jewish Education spon¬
sored by the Joint Commission of the United Synagogue
and The Rabbinical Assembly at Savannah on December 5.
The session held under the auspices of the Southeastern
Region of the United Synagogue was devoted to various
phases of religious education with the Leaders Training
Fellowship taking the prominent position. Dr. Abraham
E. Millgram addressed the gathering and our Rabbi was
chairman. We had fourteen adult representatives and
fifteen teen agers. As a result o f this session our Leaders
Training Fellowship section was instituted on January 11.
Our Rabbi also attended the annual Conference on Jewish
Education in New York City sponsored by the United
Synagogue and The Rabbinical Assembly on January 11.
Every one of our branch organizations is affiliated
with the corresponding national body within the Conser¬
vative movement. Our Sisterhood, the Daughters of Israel,
is a member of the National Womens League. Its presi-
dent, Mrs. Jacob Becker, and a former president, Mrs.
Chari es Fink, attended the national convention in At-
lantic City, November 18-23. In cooperation with National,
our Sisterhood sponsored the Torah Scholarship Fund
and thus made its contribution toward the broader educa¬
tional work o f the S eminary. 1 owards the close o f the
season the newly elected president, Mrs. Harry Jaffe, and
two of her co-workers, Mrs. Charles Fink and Mrs. Mac
Presser. attended the Florida regional conference of the
Womens League at 1 ampa where Mrs. Fink was elected
regional treasurer.
The Center Mens Cl ub demonstrates its affiliation
with the National Federation of Jewish Mens Clubs by
an interest in the Leaders Training Fellows hip. Thr ou gh
its instance pins were awarded to our Fellowship members
and the award for leadership made to Stanley Kantor at
the Confirmation Service.
Y. P. L. like the other Center organizations, has a
section in this book devoted to its activities. It, too, was
represented at the Natonal convention held in Atlantic
City, April 1-2, by its president Morty Rosenkranz.
By fortunate coincidence one of our former presidents,
Harry Gendzier, who is also a national vice-president of
J he United Synagogue, was able to attend the conference
of the Seminary s National Planning Board that met in
Philadelph ia the end o f April. He conveyed the substance
of that session to the congregation at the May 6th Sabbath
Service.
At the United Synagogues Southeastern Regional
Conference meeting in Miami on May 15-16 the Center
was represented by Harry Gendzier, Robert Gordon, Joseph
Hackel, and Max Rubin. Mr. Hackel was re-elected treas¬
urer.
Evaluating the amount of enthusiasm and inspiration
derived from national sources is not an easy matter. The
Officers and the members of the Center who had the op¬
portunity to come in contact with national programs, by
attendance at conferences, and in meeting with guests
at home are fully cognizant that we are aided greatly in
living up to the highest purposes of our congregation by
close contact with the trends and methods of Judaism on
the American scene.
29
