ren weren’t. It seemed as if children could use any means
for communication—even the language of activity. As easy
as learning ABC, Nate, Benny and Willie Kurz found a
natural environment in which to acquaint themselves with
the language and customs of American children. If the
definition of education is the process of socialization into
ever larger groups, the Summer Day Camp proved of im¬
mense educational value to all the participants.
The need for a well-run Jewish Summer Day Camp was
apparent in the increased enrollment in this department. A
staff of expert counsellors helped to make the past season
one of the most enjoyable to date. I hey included, Idlene
Portnoy, Isaac Silver, Beverly Stein, Stanley Rosenkranz
and J ed Gross, director.
The morning program consisted of flag raising, prayer
service and Hebrew for 2 classes at a time, while the other
two engaged in arts and crafts and games under the capable
direction of Miss Portnoy. Afternoons were spent at beach
areas in the vicinity of Jacksonville. Due to the special
abilities of Miss Stein as swimming instructor this activity
was most popular and a number of children won swimming
certificates on the last day of camp. I hursdays were spent
touring interesting places in and around Jacksonville. The
visit to St. Augustine is always a highlight of the tour days.
Experimenting with various methods of conveying Jew¬
ish information in so short a period to time, it was found
that regular classes, conducted in an interesting fashion,
were most beneficial. Religious instruction during the pray¬
er service and the Friday afternoon Shabbos” meal evok¬
ed a marked interest in Jewish ways of living. The Center
also had an opportunity of conveying its message to child¬
ren who are not members of its school, the rest of the year,
as well as to a number of visitors from other cities.
ADULT EDUCATION
An increasing awareness among Jewish men and wo¬
men that there is value in solidarity and that cultural ties
are among the surest means of preserving this solidarity, is
evidenced by the number of requests for courses that the
education department has received during the year. How¬
ever, the lack of response to the theoretical courses given in
the past indicates that a more practical approach must be
used if enough adults are going to avail themselves of the
opportunities provided. I he courses of the past year were
given with that constructive viewpoint in mind.
For the Daughters of Israel, “The Culinary Art and
the Holid ays combined customs and ceremonies with the
preparation of special holiday dishes. 1 his innovation
brought requests for information from other congregations.
For the Junior Hadassah, a course in Jewish Literature was
instructed by Mr. Gross. Hebrew reading classes for small
numbers of adults were also given weekly. The Leadership
I raining course for Confirmants was begun in an effort to
form a tie with adult classes and was open to all groups.
THE MINYAN CLUB
M inyan Club progress was marked by active Men’s
Club interest in this Sunday morning activity. No longer
is it just a matter of financial contribution. The men pre¬
pared the breakfasts, thus enabling a saving to be made
in the operational budget. Special thanks for their time and
effort are due to the Messrs. Ted Friedman, Willie Ro sner,
Julius Levin, Sam Bryan and the Men’s Club president
of the past year, Dr. Roy J. Sloat.
Í he Father-Son breakfast was a grand success, en¬
joyed especially by dads who seldom have the opportunity
of observing their son’s use o f Tal is and 1 efillin. Intris-
cially, the Minyan Club provided greater opportunities for
religious leadership in the Prayer Service. The complete
Grace after meals was regularly recited before leaving the
table.
i>
NURSERY - KINDERGARTEN
GRADUATING CLASS
NURSERY — KINDERGARTEN
1 he Nursery-Kindergarten, consisting of children from
the ages of 3 to 6, and under the direction of Mrs. M. J.
Reiser and Mrs. Harry Jaffe met Monday through Friday
mornings. Highlighting Succot the children decorated
the Succoh at the Center and visited the River Garden
Home at which time they decorated the Succoh there and
presented a program for the residents. With the coopera¬
tion of the parents the children enjoyed a Hanukah lunch¬
eon and party. A model Passover Seder was presented
by the pupils at a Daughters of Israel and Hadassah
meeting. I hey also presented a fashion show for Hadassah
at their Linen Shower.
J rips of interest were made to the Pire Station, the
Terminal and an outing at the Zoo.
In addition to the skills and activities usually offered
in pre-school education, the school cultivates Jewish loy¬
alties of the children. Songs, games and hand work often
center in the observances o f Holid ays and as well as other
nursery songs. An unusual number of Hebrew words
were mastered by the children and the traditional blessings
were learned and used by all. A part of each day was
set aside for free activity.
J he pre-school children completed the writing of
numbers from 1-100 and the alphabet. Two primer books
were read with one review book.
33
