Integration of Sabbath morning activities has resulted
in increasing worship attendance. Jr. Congregation services
were specially arranged on Bar and Bas Mitzvah Sabbaths
so that they could join the adults at the close of the I orah
reading. After the service, four groups met for special
instruction: Confirmation, Bar-Mitzvan, Bas-Mitzvah and
Hebrew opportunity class. Requirements for Confirmation
were made to include a fluent reading of Hebrew and a
special class met on Sunday mornings at 9:00 lor those
who needed additional instrucion. On Sunday afternoons
at 1:00 o clock, out of town children had an opportunity to
study Hebrew.
This account could not be complete without an acknow¬
ledgement of thanks to committees who make the school
their special endeavor. To the Education Committee and
its inspiring chairman, Louis Safer, to the Daughters of
Israel Religious Committee and its devoted chairman, Mrs.
SUNDAY RELIGIOUS SCHOOL STAFF
Robert Block; to the Kindergarten Mother s Committee and
its active chairman, Mrs. Milton Wasserman, special votes
of thanks. We also want to add a special thank you to
Miss Phyllis Evans for her devoted volunteer work in tbe
school office during the past several months.
Community service is a phrase we often hear in con¬
nection with the activities of various clubs and organza-
tions. Of them all there is none more important or worth
while than that of instructing a group of children in the
Sunday Religious School. Despite the difficulty oí trans¬
portation and surrendering their one free morning a week,
our staff did their best to make their contributions pleasant
and interesting to their charges. Last year’s faculty was
composed of the following: Anne Cohen, Mrs. Miriam
Bettman, Ruth Leonard, Mrs. Eunice D. Gross, Mrs. M
J. Reiser, Frieda Llochman, Lillian Levy, Rose I alpalar,
Victoria Levy, Anne Margolin, Rae Freedman, Herm'na
Doych, Pearl Arnowitz, WJIbur Margol, Louis Moss,
George Proctor, Joel Rosenthal, Isaac Silver, Isadore Mos-
covitz and Philip Selber. Substitutes on various occasions
MRS. MIRIAM LERNER
were: Ruth Spiwak, Mrs. Carl Hackel and Mrs. Louis
Safer.
1 he Winners of the special awards for tbe school
year were as follows: The Pilton Memorial Cup for the
outstanding class and teacher was received by the 4-B
Grade taught by Miss Ruth Leonard; the Men s Clu j
prize to the winners of the inter-class competition went to
the 4-A grade taught by Mrs. Miriam Bettman; the Hackel
Cup was awarded to Jean Portnoy for being the pupil dis¬
tinguishing herself in both departments; the Youth Lead¬
ership award of the National Federation of Men s Club
was given to Stanley Kantor. Winners of the Florence
May Bono Essay awards were Faye Setzer, Helen Haber
and Joel Bressler. The outstanding Leader s Train¬
ing pupils were Joel Selber and Rinah J o field.
DAY CAMP 1949
Nate, Benny and Willie presented a problem. How
would they adapt themselves to the group? Most of the
children couldn t understand any Yiddish and they didn t
know any English. On their first day the counsellors were
a bit uneasy, though they wouldn’t show it. But the child-
DAY CAMP
31
