NER TAMID PRESENTATION
successful achievement of the requirements. In addition
to being an outstanding scout Jack Eff submitted a note¬
book setting fortli his appreciation and knowledge o f five
areas in Judaism: Home Observance, The Synagogue, Jew¬
ish Study, I he American Jewish Community, and World
Jewry. A posed photograph of the presentation is includ¬
ed in this book.
Highlight ing the intense interest that the Center takes
in its young people is demonstrated by several services. The
Minyan Club and the Junior Congregation took prominent
part in services on February 18-19. A Sisterhood commit¬
tee prepared an Oneg Shabbat luncheon for about 100.
For the opportunity of participating in a group Sabbath
mea I the pupils owe thanks to Miss Ethel Joel, Mrs. Rob¬
ert Block, Mrs. Ted Freedman, Mrs. Saul Pearlman, and
Mrs. Nathan Robin. 1 his observance is also a second
occurence event in the Center Synagogue. Cantor Abra¬
ham Marton and J ed Cross as well as Stanley Kantor,
Jack Eff, and Joel Selber contributed to making the oc¬
casion memorable.
Reaching out into the ranks of young people of sen¬
ior standing the Center synagogue featured two Y. P. L.
Services during the year, the annual Student Homecoming
Service during the mid winter vacation was held on Decem¬
ber 24, and a cultural institute to have taken place during
spring vacation was concentrated into a Sabbath Service
on April 13 because it coincided with the Passover holiday.
J he Y. P. L. writeup goes into greater detail on these events.
The Synagogue and the Community
We pointed out the difficulty of delineating between
the various phases of the Center s functioning. Equally dif¬
ficult is a clear division between the Center s own religious
indoctrination and its joining hands with other bodies, local,
national, and international in attaining this purpose. Co-
operating with organizations whose work is of spiritual
character is part of the Center’s ideals. J hese organiza¬
tions may be cultural, civic, or other fai ths. In the broad¬
est definition of religion, a progressive outlook maintained
by the Center, all these worthy undertakings fit into the
pattern of its religious program.
With the reform congregation, Ahaveth Chesed, led
by Rabbi Sidney M. Lefkowitz and of which Rabbi Israel
L. Kapl an is Rabbi Emeritus, the Center has an annual
arrangement to join in worship. J his year Rabbi Lefko¬
witz and his congregation were the guests of the Center
at Sabbath Services celebrating Hanukah on D ec. 31. The
sermon was titled J wo Reasons Are Better Than One .
On the Sabbath adjacent to Purim, Center members wor¬
shipped at Congregation Ahaveth Chesed on March 11 with
Rabbi 1 ofield preaching on Purim: Gambling With Hu¬
man Lives.
It is practically an article of faith with the Center to
encourage and endorse the worth while efforts oí other or¬
ganizations in the city. This past year as heretofore Sab¬
bath services were dedicated to them. On Saturday, Nov¬
ember 12, Senior and Intermdiate groups of Young Judea
attended services and were guests at Kiddush, prior to a
conclave with their regional director, Herman Popkin. A.
Z. A. participated in services December 3, and Stanley
Rosenkranz gave an oration I Speak For Democracy ,
and the Rabbi preached on Accent on Youth.
We were hosts to the group sponsored by the Zionist
Youth Commission when Aryeh Greenberg spoke on Plugat
Aliyah the Sabbath of December 17.
As a rule several other special Sabbaths are observed in
the Center. This past year they were substituted for in
measure by the universal interest and spirit of earnest thanks¬
giving emanating from the establishment of Israel. The an¬
niversary of the United Nations’ proclamation of The Jew¬
ish State was marked on the Sabbath of November 26
when Mrs. Herman W. Klausner, Hadassah president, and
Jo seph Wilensky, Zionist district president, delivered mes¬
sages from our pulpit. Opening of Israel s parliament, The
Keneset, was also included with other events on the Sab¬
bath of February 18.
Most impressive was the city wide Israel Anniversary
Sabbath service held at the Center on May 13. The Rabbis
o f the th ree Congregations conducted the ritual. With
Masada taking the lead all Zionist groups through their
presidents, and Leonard Mo ss for the Community Coun¬
cil gave expression on the importance of the occasion.
With the civic life and program of other faiths the
Center associates itself through committees and projects
of its various organizations such as Scouting, Community
Chest and The Sunday School League. In keeping with
MINYAN CLUB
28
