BOY SCOUTS
TROOP NO. 14
OFFICERS
F,-
Joe Mizrahi
Sam Berman
Albert Datz
Wilbur Margol
Lawrence Resnich
Jack Eff
Stanley Ruby
Joel Selber
Ernie Markowitz
Charles Mizrahi
William Lassk
Bernie Nachman
SoIIie Safer
Scoutmaster
Assistant Scoutmaster
Assistant Scoutmaster
Assistant Scoutmaster
Assistant Scoutmaster
Junior Assistant Scoutmaster
Senior Patrol Leader
Scribe
Quartermaster
Leader Flaming Arrow Patrol
Leader Panther Patrol
Leader Bat Patrol
Leader Cobra Patrol
Troop 14 sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center
began its 1948-49 year with 19 scouts. After a banner
year of scouting activities and events, the Troop boasts
a full complement of 32 boys.
During the year the Troop inaugurated the new Ad¬
vancement plan, with the Troop’s own committee reviewing
and passing scouts for advancement and merit ba dg es. This
plan was handled by our Troop Committee consisting of:
Robert J. Gordon .Chairman, Harry Katz, Dr. Harold
Levin, Irvin Rothstein, Hyman Selber, Rabbi S. A. Tofield.
The annual Boy Scouts of America Anniversary Sab¬
bath was held by the Troop on February 11. The entire
service was conducted by scouts. An outstanding event
took place on this occasion. The first Ner Tamid Award
issued in Jacksonville was presented to Jack Eff, Junior As¬
sistant Scoutmaster. This medal is issued to scouts of
Jewish faith who demonstrate their faithfulness to the
Scout Law, "a scout is reverent ”, and who meet require¬
ments set down by the national office. Similar awards are
available to scouts of the Catholic and Protestant com¬
munions.
Troop 14 also participated in the Armistice Day parade
and ushered at prominent football games and other events
at the Gator Bowl.
Silver Springs was the site of the most eventful camp¬
ing trip held during the year. Other trips were made to
Goldenhead State Park, Camp Echockotee, Fernandina and
Broward Woods. The latter was the location of the Sioux
District Camporee where all of the patrols made qualifying
scores for the North Florida Council Camporee. Very
few troops can boast of qualifying all of its patrols as was
the case of our troop. In the final event all three patrols
made excellent scores.
Parent’s Night on March 31 proved to be an outstanding
event. Several new scouts were inducted at an impressive
candle light ceremony. The Bat Patrol won a set of boxing
gloves for the best patrol skit.
JDE MIZRAHI
Bringing the year’s events to a fitting climax was the
second annual I roop 14 Scout Circus, hailed by all as a
thrilling success. Highlighted by the Troop s own band,
the “Big T op featured the excellent performers, Bob Book¬
er, magician and Sherwood Hicks, hand balancer. Chair¬
man for this event was Junior Assistant Scoutmaster Jack
Eff, who sparkplugged this grand circus. Most appre¬
ciated is the co-operation of all who lent a hand, the Troop
Committee, and especially the following.
Robert J. Gordon, Hyman Selber, T ed Friedman, Irvin
Rothstein, Manny Goldstein, Louis R. Mo ss, Ted Freedman
and George Proctor.
Special mention goes to the mothers committee headed
by Mrs. Morris Nachman. Numerous other individuals
were thanked publicly through the Center Bulletin.
Finale of the season was the annual banquet held in
the Center Auditorium on June 9. The S imon Rothstein
Memorial Trophy was presented by Abe Rothstein to Jack
Eff for 1948 and to Stanley Ruby for 1949 in recognition
of their attaining respectively the title, outstanding scout
of the year. Scout Franklin Resnick received the A. Z. A.
medal for achieving the most progress during the year while
exemplifying the ideals of scouting. Executive Horace S.
Williamson addressed the gathering of 100 scouts and
parents. Robert J. Gordon s request for voluntary contri¬
butions to ihe Scout s current drive met with a nice re¬
sponse. Hyman Selber invited the patrol which sold most
tickets to the circus to a fishing expedition at Mayport and
the prize went to the Flaming Arrow Patrol. The entire
troop was invited to attend a Tars b aseball game on June
14 by Mr. Abe Chardkoff and the Jacksonville Ball Club.
Rabbi Tofield offered the prayers and Assistant Scout¬
master AI Datz acted as toastmaster. Applause of un¬
qualified approval marked the presentation of a gift to
Scoutmaster Joe Mizrahi made by Jack Eff at the con¬
clusion of the Scoutmaster’s report on the year’s activities.
27
