CUB PACK FOURTEEN
BROWNIE TROOP 199
TED FREEDMAN
OFFICERS AND COMMITTEE 1949-50 SEASON
Irvin Rothstein-Chairman. Nathan Goldberg-Secretary,
Mrs. Moe Zazer -Treasurer, Nat Coh en-Committeeman,
Sidney Entman, Irving Resnick, Frank Diamond-Institu¬
tional Rep., Ted Freedman-Cubmaster, Manny Goldstein-
Asst. Cubmaster, Mrs. Sidney Entman-Chief Den Mother.
The 1948-49 Season of Cubbing at the Center was an
interesting and successful one. 15 Cubs graduated into
Scouting and 15 new boys were added to the roster as re¬
placements.
Of outstanding help to Ted Freedman, Cubmaster,
were Irvin Rothstein and Hyman Selber, who carried on
the work o f the committee. Nathan Friedlin and Sidney
Entman helped tremendously in carrying out the enter¬
tainment schedule. As Chief Den Mother Mrs. Archie
Puldy success fully managed the difficult task of getting Den
Mothers to assist her. The Den Mothers, who are actually
the backbone of the Cub Pack, deserve a great deal of
thanks. They were for Den 1, Mrs. Joseph Cohen, Mrs.
Sidney Entman, Mrs. Ben Chepenik; for Den 2, Mrs. Ted
Freedman, Mrs. Manny Goldstein, Mrs. Isadore Zaslow;
for Den 5, Mrs. Bennie Baker, Mrs. Jack Landau, and for
Den 4, Mrs. Nathan Goldberg, Mrs. Nathan Mizrahi and
Mrs. Moe Zager. A Springfield Den was created, so that
each section of the city now has its own Den.
The outstanding Cub activities were participation in
Boy Scout Sabbath, a magic show with a professional
magician competing with our own boys in displays of skill,
a talent scout show, which brought out some excellent
talent, a joint weiner roast with the Temple Pack at the
River Garden Home, participation in the S cout Circus
and our closing outing at Boy Scout Camp.
Of interest in the coming year is the announcement
by Scout Headquarters that boys 8 years of age are eligible
for Cubbing. There are openings for 10 boys.
Brownie Troop 199 was chartered October, 1946, and
led from its inception by Mrs. Leo Michelson. It is spon¬
sored by the Daughters of Israel, and meets at River Gar¬
den Home.
The Brownie Movement is similar to the Cub Move¬
ment in Boy Scouting. Members of the troop range from
the ages of 7 through 10. A B rownie Flies up to an
intermediate troop when she reaches the age o f 10 1 his
year, 5 girls * flew up \
The Brownie Promise, “I PROMISE TO DO MY BEST
TO LOVE GOD AND MY COUNTRY, AND TO
HELP OTHER PEOPLE EVERY DAY, ESPECIALLY
THOSE AT HOME, tells in part the activity of the
troop. During the past year, Troop 199 participated in
many community activities, aside from the regular work
in arts and crafts, dramatics, nature study, game activity,
and first -aid. The Brownies helped the Community
Chest prepare their campaign packets in October, con¬
tributed four complete clothing kits through the American
Friends Committee to girls overseas, made corsages for
presentation to Mothers attending Mother Day Services
at the Jewish Center, sent Brownie Uniforms to the Navajo
Indian reservation for use by their Brownie troops, and con¬
tributed their year s dues to the Community Chest Drive.
Arts and Crafts projects were varied. The girls
made book marks and sewing kits for their parents as
Hanukah gifts, and celebrated all the major Jewish Holidays
with appropriate songs and dances and decorations.
As a major art and craft project, each girl made doll-house
rooms from shoe boxes, made the furniture out of cardboard,
showing their originality in the interior decorations o f their
individual rooms. At the end of the season, they contribu¬
ted the completed 12 room doll house to the Daniel Mem¬
orial Home for Children.
The girls made many field trips, including a study
of transportaton, climaxed by a tour through the Jack¬
sonville Terminal supervised by Mr. John Wilkes, president
of the terminal company.
BROWNIE TROOP NO. 199
39
