Ü Wm |
LEONARD MOSS
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH
COMMUNITY COUNCIL
OFFICERS
President
4
Leonard Moss
Vice Presidents .
P. N. Coleman, Harry Gend-
zier, Mrs. Herbert Panken,
Robert M. Rieders, Ben Stein
J reasurer
Robert J. Gordon
Executive Director
Ben Stark
BEN STARK
The Jewish Community Council is the representative
organization of all the Jews of Jacksonville. It actually
is the over-all agency for the Jewish community since its
broad concerns, it's scope of responsibility has to do with
any activity, other than religious, which is community
wide in nature.
Its functions can best be described by its constitution
which had been approved by every major Jewish group.
Each of these organizations ascribe to the Community
Council the following purposes as outlined in the Council
constitution:
1. to help maintain the dignity and integrity ot Jew¬
ish life;
2. to develop an articulate, intelligent and effective
public opinion on community problems and interests;
3. to foster cooperation among all elements in the
Community of Jacksonville;
4. to raise, receive, collect, hold and distribute funds
for Jewish causes, either directly or through present¬
ly existing or subsequently established agencies;
5. to enable the Jewish Community of Jacksonville
through coordination of fund-raising activities to
meet its obligations to local, national and overseas
causes in an intelligent and effective manner;
6. to cooperate with other agencies for better mutual
understanding and
7. in general, to plan for the we I fare and development
of the Community as a whole, engaging in activities
as will contribute to that end.
I he chief activities of the Council can be grouped
under three general headings:
1. I he United Campaign; 2* I he PubI ic Relations
Committee; 3. Extension Program (recreational, social and
athletic activities).
1 he United Campaign has a long history dating back
more than 13 years. In that period, the campaigns increased
from thirty-three hundred in 1936 to three hundred fifty
thousand in 1948 and the number of contributors increased
from a handful in 1936 to almost fifteen hundred last year.
Every segment of the community; indeed, practically every
Jewish family participates. Typical of the representative
leadership in the Council Ben Stein was 1948 general chair¬
man, Harry Gendzier chairman of the Men s Division, Sam
Wolfson, Sam Kipnis and Phil Coleman co-chaired the
Advance Gifts Division. Mrs. Ben Stein, Mrs. Joseph
Hackel, Mrs. Maurice Cherry, Mrs. I. H. Edward s, and
Mrs. I. D. Glickstein led the Women’s Division. Jerry
Kipnis, Louis Safer, Mrs. Don Mayerson and Dr. Roy Sloat
co-chaired the Junior group.
The PubI ic Relations Committee of the Council ex¬
emplifies an effort by a representative cross-section of our
community to deal with anti-semitism and other problems
which affect the well-being of Jewry of Jacksonville.
Harry Reinstine served as chairman of this very active group.
The third major function is the Extension Program.
It has recently been reorganized and is now under the chair¬
manship of Robert M. Rieders. Plans for this overall recrea¬
tion, social and athletic activity include programs for every
age group from 6 to 60. Already in operation are leagues,
such as bowling, which have blossomed out from a few
men to an organized activity involving eight teams of six
men, representing as many organizations. In 1948 we also
saw the initial entry of women in bowling league compe¬
tition. J he Council J heater Group, under the leadership
of Major and Mrs. Reiser, is another typical example of the
kinds of activity sponsored through this part of Council
program. Dances, basketball, golf, tennis and other team
and individual activities are included in the prospected
Extension Activities Program.
1 he Commentator, bi-monthly Council publication, not
only keeps the Community informed about on-going activ¬
ities but serves as the general medium of disseminating in¬
formation to every Jewish family in Jacksonville.
77
