SENIOR HADASSAH
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Herman W. K1 ausner
1st. Vice President Mrs. Abe Chardkoff
2nd. Vice President - Mrs. A. Horovitz
Treasurer — Mrs. Hyman Katz
Recording Secretary - Mrs. Sol Katz
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Herbert Sandler
Executive Secretary Mrs. Joseph M. Witten
Social Secretary — - Mrs. L. Feigenbaum
Hadassah, the Women s Zionist Organization, with a
membership of over 250,000 women who have taken their
stand w ith and for their people to share in the strengthen¬
ing of Israel and to foster and make more meaningful their
lives as Americans, Jews, and Zionists.
Hadassah has special functions to perform both in the
Jewish State and in America; in Israel, by continuing to
bring American standards and techniques in medicine, social
service, c hild welfare, vocational education and immigrant
care. In the United States, Hadassah, through its education
program and its activities among Jewish youth, will seek
the best way in which to forge the cultural and spiritual
MRS. HERMAN W. KLAUSNER
bonds between its membership and Israel.
Hadassah has already contributed significantly toward
making Israel a reality. Its role in emergency medical
defense during the war for independence in Israel has
demonstrated Hadassah s ability to adopt its institutions and
its services to war as well as to peace.
RUTH SPIWAK
Junior Hadassah, as the Young Women s Zionist or¬
ganization of America enrolls every Jewish girl between
the ages of eighteen and twenty-five. It is a challenge to
the modern girl to join the Zionist movement and to in¬
terpret and understand Junior Had assah s relation through
its various activities both national and local.
Youth To The Rescue of Youth has been Junior
Hadassah s slogan in their humane work and for which
they raise their funds. J he children’s village, Meir Shfeyah,
located near Haifa is our principal project and we are
proud to be associated with the work of Senior Had assah
JUNIOR HADASSAH
OFFICERS
President - Ruth Spiwak
Vice Presidents Sonya Morris (Mrs.) Fund Raising,
Hel en Schneider, Membership, Ro se Tapalar, Education
I reasurer Shirley Baker
Corresponding Secretary Bea Weiss, Sylvia Haber
Program Chairman Rita Drucker, Charlotte Carasik
Publicity Lilly Levy
i
t
in support of the Henrietta Szold School of Nursing. We
join hands with all Zionist organizations over the world to
work and raise funds for the Jewish National Fund. We
feel particularly close to Youth Aliyah and are keenly
aware of our responsibility as youth agents.
Junior Hadassa h h as an extensive educational, cul¬
tural, and social program. I his past year we have under¬
taken weekly study groups based on the rich language, liter¬
ature, music and history of our culture. A full program
ol cooperation and joint activity which included joint meet¬
ings, study groups and social functions have been held with
Masada. I hrough this broad aspect of Junior Hadassah’s
work and education, we feel aware of the relationship of
our unit to the community here and in Israel and of our re¬
sponsibility and position to both.
85
