B’NAI B’RITH
OFFICERS
Donald D. Cohn
Joe Mizrahi
Arv Rothschild
Albert Datz
Morris H. Witten
Louis Safer
President
Vice Pres dent
Vice President
Vice President
Treasurer
Secretary
Climaxing a year of increased activity and accomplish¬
ments, A. B. Weil Lodge o f B’ nai B rith installed its new
officers in a joint ceremony with the Ladies Auxiliary, at
which occasion, Dr. Mathew Drosdoff, newly elected State
President of B nai B rith was present.
Under the leadership of Eli Fink, immediate past presi¬
dent, the local group, which numbers more than 335 mem¬
bers, sponsored many programs of Jewish and inter-racial
importance. T wo national Jewish leaders, Rabbi Arthur
Lelyveld, National Chairman o f Hillel Foundation, and
Benjamin Epstein, National Chairman of the Anti-Defama¬
tion League, spoke to open meetings to which the entire
Jewish community was invited. J he local Lodge also
sponsored a program of music at which time Sara Fogeh
nationally known soprano, and the Center Choral Society
participated.
Plans for the coming year include a gigantic member¬
MRS. MORRIE3 H. WITTER
The B nai B’rith organization is one hundred and
four years old. The first overseas plea came from Pales¬
tine in 1865. This organization has continued to bring relief
to thousands there since that time.
The B nai B rith aid has no limit. Since 1942 B nai
B rith h as maintained a Lfome for maladjusted children in
Palestine; no other funds but those o f the B nai B rith sup¬
port this hospital.
We must not neglect our own duties at home. We
B nai B irth women have before us the Veterans Hospital,
Hillel work, A.D.L. (Anti-Defamation League ), Leo N.
DDiNALD D. COHN
ship drive, which will follow the Jewish Holidays, and a
complete program of worthwhile activities in keeping with
the aims and purposes of B nai B rith.
A.Z.A. and B.B.G., youth groups sponsored by B nai
B rith, continued to conduct purposeful program and ac¬
tivities, which carried their members into all phases of
Jewish life and community activities. Richard 1 alisman
is the newly elected Aleph Oodol of A.Z.A. and the
coming year promised to be a bright one in A.Z.A. history.
B’NAI B’RITH WOMEN
OFFICERS
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Morris H. Witten
Israel Kaplan
Irving Resnick
Ben Rosenfeld
Max Friedman
Leonard Garten
Sidney Brown
President
1st. Vice President
2nd. Vice President
3rd. Vice President
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary
Treasurer
Levi Memorial Hospital, National Youth Service, Child¬
ren’s Home in Palestine, Cancer drive and many other
projects to work for. In our own City we are undertaking
the project of supplying milk to the underprivileged child¬
ren in one of the poorer schools. It is being greatly ap¬
preciated by the parents and the teachers. It makes for a
better understanding between Jew and non-Jew.
We also remembered the dear Mothers in the River
Card en Home for the Aged, by subscribing to two Jewish
daily newspapers.
Hillel work maintained by the B nai B’rith in 167
colleges and campuses throughout the U. S. and Canada
have met with success. The Hillel group brings to the
Jewish student a knowl edge and respect for their Jewish
heritage. It makes A Lfome away from home.
We wish to thank all the ladies and incoming new
members for their untiring efforts in our civic work and
wish everyone in the community a very happy healthy New
Year.
83
