YOUNG JUDAEA
The highlight of activities of the nine Young Judaean
Clubs of Jacksonville this past year included the presenta¬
tion of the Contata based on the life of the Hebrew Na¬
tional Poet, Chaim Nachman Biallik. 1 his was given
under the direction of Victoria Levy at the Joint meeting
of the Z. O. A. and Senior Hadassah held in January.
The other project whi ch combined the efforts of all the
groups was the Israeli Fair held in April on the grounds
of the River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged.
This culminated seven months of the winter program
which stressed debating, leadership training, social and
cultural activities for the Senior Clubs, and athletic, arts
and crafts, discussions and social outlets for the Junior
clubs. The Fair also served for the basis of the Judaean
Israeli Independence Day observance which was held May
14th and 15th for the school children of Jacksonville in
the Children’s Museum on Riverside Ave.
Under the direction of Mrs. Isadore Moscovitz, chair¬
man of the Leader s Council, educational exhibits pre¬
pared by members of the Brandéis Club (intermediate)
were shown and explained to over 350 Junior High School
children. President of the Brandéis Club is Judy Hers-
chaft, and the Leader is Evelyn Herzberg.
The fund raising project for the Judaeans is the Israel
Scouts (Tsofim) and here the Hanita Senior Judaeans under
the presidency of Stanley Kantor raised the greatest amount.
The lead ers of this group were Herbert SmuIIian and PHyl-
lis Paul. In the Junior division the Rothschild Club led.
The president was Elka Miriam Block and the Leader,
Anne Margolin.
BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL
WOMEN’S DIVISION HADASSAH
President Annette Marco Penan
1st Vice-Pres. Miss Ida Balter (Membership Chm.)
2nd Vice Pres. ~ Mrs. Jack Margolin (Fund Raising Chm.)
3rd Vice-Pres - - Miss Myra Kantor
(Hadassah Supplies Chairman)
Treasurer - Miss Roselle Gammerman
Recording Secretary Mrs. Sam Michelson
Corresponding Secretary Miss Lottie Salzman
IN ISRAEL: The members of Hadass ah support and
help expand Hadassah s countrywide medical and public
hea ith system, its extensive child we Ifare and vocational
education projects; provide maintenance and education lor
youth refugees through Youth Aliyah, and participate in
a program of land purchase to make possible the coloni¬
zation of newcomers.
IN THE UNITED STATES, Hadassah s program
includes: public relations to help interpret Israel to the
American people; basic Jewish education to provide back¬
ground for intelligent and creative Jewish living in Am¬
erica; and participation in efforts which safeguard the
T he sports activities for the year were under the di¬
rection of Ben Cohen, Leader of the Ben Gurion Club.
I he program featured many conflicts in softball, basket¬
ball and football between the Ben Gurions headed by
Neal Chonin, and the Avi Club presided over by Marshall
Burns. T he leader of the latter group was Arthur Burns.
The Chaim Weitzmann Club distinguished itself at
the annual Winter conclave held by Young Judaea. There
the girls came away with the Regional cup for bas ketball.
President of this Senior group is Pearl Aronovitz. Leaders
included Gertrude Meyerho ff Bobroff, Do! ores Edwards and
Beatrice Weiss.
Outstanding in arts and crafts were the Trumpeldor
Club led by Ruth Leonard, an d the Aliyah Club under
the leadership of Myrna Zoslow and Edith Lassk. Presi¬
dents of these Junior groups are Barbara Rothstein and
Lois Sachs respectively. In the Intermediate division the
Theodore Herzl Club made an enviable record. Leaders
throughout the year were Shirli Haimowitz, Gabrielle
Mayer and Charlotte Carasik. The president is Dorothy
Krantz.
With club activities officially closing in May, Young
Judaeans of notable leadership quality were honored by
camping scholarships and fellowship as extensive summer
work. Barbara Chardkoff and Gary Bloom attended the
Plugat Aliyah Camp, Hastofeh, in New York and Ida
Puldy was present at Tel Yehuda, the Young Judaean
Camp in New Hampshire.
Jacksonville Young Judaea is under the supervision of
the Jacksonville Zionist Youth Commission o f which Mrs.
Maurice Cherry is chairman.
ANNETTE MARCO PENAN
democratic way of life here, and assure peace and security
throughout the world.
Regular Board meetings are held on the first Wed¬
nesday night of the month. Regular membership
meetings are held on the third Wednesday night of each
month. Membership is open to all business and pro¬
fessional women.
87
