JACKSONVILLE ZIONIST
DISTRICT
OFFICERS
Joseph S. Wilensky
I. H. Edwards
Jerry Kipnis
Arnold Mayer
Irving Klepper
Manuel Goldstein ....
Vice
Vice
Financial
Recording
President
President
Pre sident
Secretary
Secretary
Treasurer
Zionists in Jacksonville and everywhere have a right
to be proud of the part they played in making a two thou¬
sand year old dream come true, the re-establishment of the
State of Israe I. Without their help and combined efforts,
the dream could never have been realized.
Zionism will march on to new tasks, new battles and
ever broadening horizons, until the suffering of generations
and the centuries of torment shall have been requited by the
JDSEPH S. WILENSKY
redemption of the whole Jewish people, the restoration of its
creative powers, the efflorescence of its genius and the vindi¬
cation of our prophetic heritage in the world of tomorrow.
HERBERT SMULLIAN
The Masada Club of Jacksonville has made outstand¬
ing progress this year. It h as taken an important place in the
Jewish Community activities. I he group, strengthened,
expanded and intensified this year has become a major
force in its education and leadership. Masada s aim is
to rally the city s young Jews to the two-fold task o f the
build ing of the Jewish State and the securing of a future
of Jewish life outside of Palestine. Masada brings youth
a program of action of self-fulfillment through service to the
Jewish people.
The overall purposes of the chapter’s program of ac¬
tivities are:
Education—Judaism, Zionism, Masada.
MASASDA CLUB
. OFFICERS
President Herbert M. Smullian
1st. Vice President - Julian Borkson
2nd. Vice President B en Zimmerman
Corresponding Secretary Lawrence Lippman
Recording Secretary Marvin Halp ern
Treasurer Emanuel Ehrlich
To motivate group action and participation in Jewish
affairs.
To encourage individual identification and participation
in Masada.
To provide contructive, satisfying Jewish social environ¬
ment.
T he club stands for the building and strengthening
Eretz Israel; encouraging Chalutzuit—pioneering in Pales¬
tine; applying of values of Jewish living in American pro¬
gressive society
Masada, throughout the country, will serve as the
cultural bridge between Israel and American Jewery, as
the liaison for transmission of the great spiritual inspira¬
tion of the Jewish State to the shores and as the interpreter
of this message in terms which will help make Jewish life
richer, more beautiful and more meaningful.
81
