RIVER GARDEN HOME
FOR THE AGED
r
IRA STEIN
OFFICERS
Ira Stein
Joe Becker —
Robert J. Cordon
Dr. S am Witten ....
Ralph Mizrahi
Harry Gendzier
Dr. Sidney Halpern
Sidney Entman
President
First Vice President
Second Vice President
Treasurer
Recording Secretary
Chairman, Admissions Board
Medical Director
Executive Director
SIDNEY ENTMAN
River Garden is now in its fourth year of rendering
service to the aged Jewish people of Florida. The past year
marked the completion of the new addition. This building
has all modern facilities for meeting most of the medical
needs of the infirm and chronically ill aged. The modern
physiotherapy and clinic rooms are equipped to give dia¬
thermy, ultra violet and infra-red ray therapy. All the
medical equipment at River Garden has been provided
through the generosity of the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid
Society of Jacksonville.
A Medical Board composed of specialists in all branches
of medicine, in addition to the Home s regular medical staff,
provides complete professional care. The board consists of
surgeons, dermatologist, oculist, internist, chiropodist, urolo¬
gist, cardiologist, psychiatrist, and a staff of dentists. Hear¬
ing aids, eyeglasses, dentures and orthopedic aids are pro¬
vided as part of the medical program.
The many women s organizations and youth groups
sponsor the social and recreational program at River Gar¬
den. The Friendly Visitors add the personal contact and
warmth which is so necessary to normal living and provide
such essential services as personal shopping, letter writing,
escort and chauffeur service. Free passes to the movies as
well as local functions are provided to encourage a maxi¬
mum of participation in community activities. The Cxolden
Age Club which meets at River Cxarden provides interesting
contacts with the non-resident aged living in other parts of
the City.
River Garden looks to the future. The new addition is
filled to capactiy. A waiting list of those seeking admission
presents the need for further planning. Immediate plans
are to remodel the second floor of the old building and to
add an elevator for easy access to this wing.
LADIES HEBREW SHELTERING AID SOCIETY
OFFICERS
Mrs. Irving Resnick President
Mrs. Harry Gendzier 1st Vice President
Mrs. Max Friedman 2nd Vice President
Mrs. Manuel Goldstein ' 3rd Vice President
Mrs. Prank Diamond Recording Secretary
Mrs. Sam Bryan Financial Secretary
Mrs. Louis Witten Corresponding Secretary
Mrs. Bernard Stegman J reasurer
Mrs. Sam Witten Mrs. Nathan Dwoskin Representatives
The Ladies Hebrew She Itering Aid is the Mother Organization to River
Garden Home and we do all in our power to fulfill our obligations to them.
We also give aid to needy, visit the sick and take care of transients. We
provide a I assover Feast for the inmates in Raiford and cooperate with the
Jewis h Welfare B oard.
79
