JEWISH WELFARE SOCIETY
OFFICERS
President
1st. Vice President
2nd. Vice President
3rd. Vice President
Treasurer
Executive Director ..
Sidney J. Brown
Dr. Sidney Halp ern
I. M. Lieberman
- David Moss
Morton R. Hirschberg
Jos. F. J oil
SIDNEY J. BROWN
JOSEPH F. TOLL
The Jewish Welfare Society, a member Agency of the
Jewish Community Council and Jacksonville Community
Chest, has served the needy and unfortunate in Jackson¬
ville for the past 30 years.
J he Society works in connection with the River Gard¬
en Home for the Aged and all other Organizations that
can use its services. It cooperates at all times with the
United Service for New Americans and works in connection
with the Community Council and National Council of
Jewish Women in serving and caring for the New Ameri¬
cans coming to our city.
In keeping with the policy of the Society for a high
quality of Social Service, they have recently engaged the
Services of Mr. Jos. F. Toll as their Executive Director.
Mr. Toll has a fine record of work in other Communities
and has already done some very good work in Jacksonville.
Thru the funds left by the Levy Memorial the Welfare
Society plans to set up a Child Guidance Clinic in the
near future. A building has recently been purchased
to house the Clinic and also the Welfare Society Office,
at 423 Newnan St.
LT. MEYER LEIBOVITZ POST NO. 199
JEWISH WAR VETERANS OF AMERICA
OFFICERS
Commander Isadore Greenberg
Sr. Vice-Commander Sol Leibovitz
Jr. Vice-Commander William Schemer
Judge Advocate Joe Wilensky
Adjutant Felix Jacobs
Quartermaster Uuly Mack
I he local post of The Jewish War Veterans of Am¬
erica has taken great strides forward since their reorganiza¬
tion in 1945, in answering the need of an organization
composed of men with the common bond of service toward
their country in time of need.
In honor of one of the city s outstanding young Jewish
leaders who lost his life in the war, the post, after its organi¬
zation, voted to call itself the Lt. Meyer Leibovitz Post.
AI so, the post approved a tablet to be placed in the Jewish
Center, carrying the names of all the young men who of
the Jewish community of Jacksonville, who had paid the
supreme sacrifice in the great conflict.
I o establish good will in the community between Jew
and Gentile, the Post unanimously voted to contribute an
exercise room to the new YMCA.
ISADORE GREENBERG
In the past year, the Post has taken the Community
Council Theatre Group to Lake City, so that the disabled
veterans in the hospital there, could enjoy the fine perform¬
ance of one of their plays.
J he post intends to set up a blood bank for the coming
fall season, which will be available to anyone in need.
91
