Happy 50th Birthday Israel
50 years seen through the eyes of our congregation
a time line researched by Wendy Honigman
1947: In Israel, Dov Kentof and his family crowded around the radio listening to the United Nations vote on the
creation of the State of Israel; it was quiet in his little town until the announcement - then dancing in the streets.
1948: 7 January: Harry & Lilo Frisch were married in Petach Tikva. William
“Bill” Katz joined the Israeli Air Force; became Commanding Officer of B-17 Flying
Fortress bomber squadron ’’Hammer”. 9 May, Mother’s Day: the anticipated creation of
the State of Israel is announced at Rhoda & Norman Kagan’s wedding. 14 May: David
Ben-Gurion, standing beneath a portrait of Theodor Herzl, proclaimed the creation of the
State of Israel. Harry Frisch drove in the Independence Day Parade. 15 May: the British
lowered their flag and left Palestine; the first Egyptian warplane was shot down over Tel
Aviv; the Arabs cut off Jerusalem’s water supply. Rabbi Tofield and Jack Becker were in
Chicago for a United Synagogue Convention in Rabbi Solomon Goldman’s (president of
United Synagogue) shul when Ben Gurion announced the State of Israel. Rabbi Dov
Kentof recalls friends and family leaving to fight in the War of Independence. Nili Zimlich
(Grinberg) was among those evacuated from Ramat Rachel to Jerusalem, by tank; she
remembers hiding under the bed during bombings because there were no shelters. 26
November: Ben Frisch born in Petach Tikva.
1949: 14 February: first elected Knesset opened. Armistice agreements with Arabs signed. Defense Service Law
mandated the army to teach conscripts Hebrew, Bible, Israeli and general history, geography, and science. May: Ella &
Jacob Rogozinski, as honeymooners, arrived from a DP camp in Germany. On his first trip to Israel, Jack Becker bought
land north of Tel Aviv, near the airport, for $2300. 1 May: Perry Mibab, his brother, mother and sister came from DP
camp in Germany to a live in a tent. November: Groundbreaking for Youth Building at 3rd & Silver synagogue.
1950: 27 February: Chaim Rogozinski was born in Ramat Chen. Knesset passed Law of Return. “Operation
Magic Carpet”. Jaffa became Tel Aviv-Yafo. May: Mibab family moved to a flat near Tel Aviv in an former orange grove.
ZOA program featured Ben Forman a member of the crew of the ship Exodus. Bill Katz joined El Al.
1951: ZOA program featured Dr. Carl Herman Voss, who talked about his
non-Jewish impressions of Israel. Young Judea clubs raised funds for Hava, a training
center that was to be built near Jerusalem. Horty Thier (Gendzier) was president of
Young People’s League at Center.
1952: 13 April: Masada Club sponsored a Variety Show for the Benefit of
Medical Supplies for the State of Israel; $760 was raised toward the purchase of an
electro-cardiograph machine for the new Hadassah Medical Center at Ein Kerem.
14 June: Morrie Osterer born in Yafo; lived in a shack on the beach. 60th Anniversary
of Jacksonville Jewish Center.
1953: Abba Eban elected a vice-president of the United Nations General
Assembly. Soviet Union broke off diplomatic relations. 8 December: ZOA sponsored a Chaim Weizmann memorial
service for the 1st president of the State of Israel and more than $2000 worth of JNF trees were purchased.
1954: 18 May: Abe Rogozinski was born in Ramat Chen. Ellen Grossman (Freedman) became Bat Mitzvah. Harry
Gendzier was president of River Garden.
1955: ZOA/JNF program had Mayor Burns as guest speaker. Center Youth League affiliated with United Synagogue
Youth of America. December: Center’s Children’s Choir performed a Hanukkah program on local television.
1956: 1 February: Hadassah and other Zionist groups presented an Israeli
Fashion Show. March: Perry Mibab comes to Jacksonville for a visit. 20 April:
ZOA observed 8th Anniversary of State by honoring Max Rubin with an
inscription in the Golden Book of JNF. June: Demri family immigrated to
Israel from Tunisia. 29 October: Sinai Campaign, Operation Kadesh. Hungarian
Revolution refugees arrived. New Aron Kodesh (Holy Ark) dedicated in main
sancturary at 3rd & Silver; it was refitted years later for the chapel of present
synagogue.
Pollie and Philip Copans's country club in
Johannesburg, South Africa, raised funds to build
a bowling green and club house in Ramat, Israel.
Philip & Roselyn Selber at the Building
Expansion Fund Victory Dinner 1948.
4
