Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the
friendly volunteers who give of their
time to perform the mitzvah of
welcoming people to services with a
friendly “Shabbat Shalom”. Greeting
is a good way to introduce yourself to
people and make newcomers and
visitors feel welcome. We thank
Martha for her dedication to the
Center and to all of the people who
volunteered to greet over the past year.
Anyone interested in joining the
Shabbat Greeters, please call Martha .
Shabbat Ushers
David Goldring, Chairman
Every Shabbat and holidays
these friendly volunteer members serve
as ambassadors to Center congregants,
helping with seating, guiding and
acknowledging newcomers, and
welcoming regular worshippers.
Ushers help to maintain synagogue
decorum which preserves the beauty
of the service for all of us. We thank
all of our ushers for their efforts
throughout the year.
The Ushers: Fred Alterman,
Stuart Appelbaum, Sidney
Backer, Brian Ben wick, Fred
Blum, Ira Grann, Jeffery
Morris, Harris Rittenberg
George Rubens, Leonard
Saraga, Barry Schuster, Joseph
Shacter, Steve Solomon, Randall
Smith, Tom Spriggs, Joshua
Whitman, and Scott Zimmerman.
Shabbat Torah Readers
Ted Gross, Coordinator
Every Bar and Bat Mitzvah
knows the dalet line of the Ashrei
prayer, beginning “Dor L’Dor..”. It
emphasizes the continuing tradition
of synagogue worship. Like most
other prayers, its origin is in the
Psalms, chapter 145. The rabbis
considered this psalm to be so
important that it is the only one
repeated in the morning service. For
us, the emphasis on dor Vdor stresses
the centrality of reading the Torah at
every official service. We are,
therefore, especially thankful to those
candidates who joined our team of
readers this past year. The names of
on-going readers are repeated every
other year.
We thank our highly-qualified
on-going readers and those who
joined the team during the past
year:
Hope Axelrod, Justin Axelrod,
Bob Bossen, Wendy Brezin,
Debra Dorman, Stella Finck,
Aaron Finck, Steven Frisch,
Rachel Gerber, Rebecca
Glassman, Vicky Goldiner,
Renee Grann, Leebie Grinberg,
Lance Helming, Brad Jolson,
Erica Mack, Lauren Mack,
Charles Miller, Alan Mizrahi,
Sara Mizrahi, Marina
Moldavskiy, Aliza Morris,
Rachel Organes, Peggy
Organes, Melissa Osterer, Avi
Richman, Rachel Rogozinski,
Lindsay Rosenberg, Rachel
Rosner, Scott Sandler, David
Schmerer, Mathew Schmerer,
Linda Schuster, Danielle
Spriggs, Edward Tannen, Dr.
Millie Tannen, Jonathan
Tannen, Casey Zimmerman
and Alisson Zisser.
Center Choral Society
For over 50 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing services on the
High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical music. Over the years they
have given numerous concerts featuring members of the choir as well as
nationally acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have been singing
with this group for twenty years or more. New members are always welcome.
Raymond Cohen, President Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Pollie Copans, Secretary Stevie Levine, Music Coordinator
Members: Justin Axelrod, Ruchel Broadman, Amy Browdy, Raymond
Cohen, Pollie Copans, Cynthia Disher, Karen Dubin, Margaret Fleet,
Lois Gosa, Debbie Kaye, Rosalind Klein, Henry Lasris, Stevie Levine,
Judy Geller Nevel, David, Peggy and Rachel Organes, Dr. David Sail,
David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein, Anita and Steve Solomon, Nathan
Spiritas, Cathy and Mari Wilensky.
31
