Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and operates two cemeteries, both adjacent
to the Evergreen Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are beautiful
pieces of property with large shade trees and mature landscaping.
The original cemetery is referred to as the “Old Cemetery.” The
newer cemetery is known as the Center Memorial Park. A new section
has been opened. The Center
provides complete maintenance
of these grounds. Both
cemeteries are open daylight
hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays.
A Memorial Service is
conducted each year on the Sunday between Rosh Hashanah and Yom
Kippur at each of the cemeteries. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north
on North Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until
you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Center
Memorial Park, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street, which
is beyond Winona. Make a right on 43rd Street and the entrance is on the
next right, which is Liberty Street.
Just as with other life cycle events at the Center, burial and mourning
rites are reserved for Center members. Therefore, only full members may
purchase a plot in one of the Center cemeteries. Associate members are
not eligible to purchase a plot. For more information regarding the purchase
of cemetery plots, please call the Center administrative office.
We thank the voulnteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
David Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Sol Proctor
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman
Hevra Kaddisha
Officers 1997-98
President
Nathan C. Sandler
This year the Jacksonville Hevra Kaddisha celebrated it’s 27th year.
The commitment and dedication of our membership is stronger than ever
before. It is noteworthy that some of our original members are still actively
performing the duties of the burial society.
VP/Treasurer
Robert Bossen
VP/Education
Ira Grann
VP/Committee Chair (Tahara)
lisa Gottlieb
VP/Committee Chair (Tahara)
Sheree Spriggs
Our Jewish community should be proud that we have this organization
in our city, because the Hevrah Kaddisha is so vital to Jewish tradition. It
is an organization that unselfishly serves the families of our community,
regardless of their financial means. Above all, every family can feel secure
that their loved ones will be buried with dignity and respect, and in
accordance with Jewish law.
I feel that one of the most gratifying aspects of our Hevra Kaddisha
society is that our leaders and members are devoted laity. We perform our
services and maintain our organization with no professional assistance.
And we are financially self-supporting.
VP/Secretary
Deinya Mautz
We are here to serve the community 24 hours a day. For more
information, or to join our noble society, call any of our officers.
- Nathan Sandler, President
