1957: January: Shoshana Grochowska (Haas) came from Poland, thru Italy, then by ship to Haifa with her parents
and 4 siblings. Moti Demri was bom in Safed. Zvi Grinberg came from Poland. Jack Selevan was among the graduates of
Center Hebrew School.
1958: 28 April: Center bombed by unapprehended individual. 2 May: Center, undeterred by bombing, had
groundbreaking on new wing. 718 children were enrolled in our religious schools. Judy Safer (Paul) was crowned Queen
Esther. Jack Becker was president of ZOA.
1959: Ashdod built as a deep-water port. March: Charles Mibab born in Tel Aviv. Moshe Dayan received degree
from Hebrew University.
1960: 15 June: Rabbi Sanders A.Tofield died. 3 August: Hadassah Hebrew University Medical Center dedicated.
NCJW expands services by building a new Hebrew University High School.
1961: Summer: Rabbi Moshe V. Goldblum arrived. Mrs. Joel Fleet, Senior
Hadassah president, returned home impressed with Alice Seligsburg Vocational &
Educational School and Hadassah Medical Center. September: Center “Foundation
School” opened.
1962: Chagall windows installed at Hadassah Hospital, Ein Kerem. Shoshana
Grochowska (Haas) finished high school. Nili Zimlich (Grinberg) went into Army
for training. Zvi Grinberg went into the Army. Tofield Library dedicated. Eddie
Mizrahi was one of four who attended Camp Ramah. Hebrew School held evening
classes for teens which included dinner.
1963: August: 35.8 acres of land were purchased on State Road 13 as future
Center site. Yigael Yadin began excavating Masada. Abba Eban became Deputy Prime
Minister under Levi Eshkkol. February: Tilly Katz and son Bill were featured in
award winning “My Son the Pilot” ad for EL-A1.
1964: PLO established. Rabbi Arnold Turetsky installed. 31 May:
Dedication of new site. April: Swimming pool dug in time for summer camp.
Leonard Selber was among 19 Center teens to attend Camp Ramah.
1965: NCJW Evening Group continued to pack toys and supplies for
Israeli kindergartens. Jack Bettman joined the Torah Reading class. Gary
Gendzier was part of the High Holiday Leadership class. The 1948 babies
were confirmed.
1966: Arab workers allowed to join Histadrut. Shoshana Grochowska
(Haas) completed her Army service. B’nai B’rith Women raised funds for 2
kibbutzim, a Children’s Home for emotionally disturbed youngsters, and
Martyr’s Forest. Young Judaea had 2 speakers from Israel. August: Rabbi
Jerome Lipnick was installed.
1967: Yearbook featured a 45 r.p.m. record of High Holiday melodies. Wendy Brezen visited cousins on Kibbutz
Na’an when war broke out. Annexation of East Jerusalem. Zvi Grinberg fights. After the 6 Day War, Jack Becker was
on a Fact Finding Mission that crossed the Suez Canal on one of the pontoon bridges. Shooting started and they returned
to Israel quickly. He also shook hands with President Zalman Shazar. Sophie and Dr. Joe Witten inspected trenches on
the Golan Heights. Shoshana Grochowska (Haas) worked in a government Military Hospital. Martin Berman attended
Ramah in Israel Seminar. 22 November, UN passed Resolution 242.
1968: PLO terrorist campaign began. Blanche Slott was Center Camp Director. Chaim Rogozinski was AZA president.
1969: 17 March: Golda Meir became Prime Minister. May: Henrietta and Bill Goldman, Beck & Nathan Newman
celebrated Israel's Independence in Jerusalem. June: Nili Zimlich (Grinberg) graduated from Hebrew University with
degrees in accounting and Mikra (Bible). Jeff Goldstein was part of USY Pilgrimage. Ava Hoffenberg was AZA
Sweetheart. Anna Bono, Rose Gartner, Bluma Haimowitz and Mary Safer took a Hadassah trip.
1970: December: Moshe Dayan visited the US. Sheila Jacobson
performed in “The World of Shalom Aleichem.” Edith Gendzier
(Horovitz) was C.P.C. (like Kadima) president.
1971: August: Bob Gast became Executive Director. Site plans for
Mandarin property were presented. Jeff Goldstein went on the winter
Atid/College Fact Finding Mission. Ina and Alan Taffet went on NCJW
tour and saw brother Clifford attending an Ulpan. Jack and Sue Becker
provided an ORT Israel Scholarship. November: Rabbi Dov Elkins was
installed.
continued on page 153
Our journey to the promised land. . . Mandarin.
Febuary 1963, Holiday ran El Al ad with
this photo.
