Organizations
Officers 1997-98
President
Bonnie Sandler
Education VP
Gayle Bailys
Membership VP
Joanne Rosenberg
Ways & Means VP
Beth Shorstein
Program VP
Janis Fleet
Marjie Rogozinski
Torah Fund VP
Horty Gendzier
Jane Grann
Youth VP
Iris Kraemer
Treasurer
Maxine Romo
Financial Secretary
Michelle Frisch
Recording Secretary
Stella Finck
Corresponding Sec.
Cheryl Blum
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Budget
Jan Glassman
Nominating Committee
Phyllis Goldberg
Center Sisterhood
It is with great pride that I reflect on the many
accomplishments of Sisterhood last year. We are
especially proud of two new additions. First, the
Simcha Showcase and Hanukkah Boutique was so
successful that the showcase will be an annual event.
Also, our “Women in the 90’s” speaker series was
very well received. A new speaker series is planned,
and I look forward with great anticipation to another
super year.
In order to continue our successful programs
and projects, each member needs to become as
involved as possible. There is no way to describe the feeling of fulfillment,
satisfaction and enrichment that volunteering can provide. That is something
we all need to experience for ourselves. We want you to join Center
Sisterhood. We are a group of dynamic, dedicated Jewish women who span
a wide range of interests, ages and backgrounds. When we pull together and
pool our talents, it is truly amazing how much we can accomplish.
The mission of Sisterhood is to make Judaism meaningful, dynamic
and vital for every member and her family. Through our monthly meetings,
book reviews, Sisterhood Shabbats, Women’s Minyans and Sisterhood
Seminars, we strive to educate ourselves. By funding the Center Youth
Program, Supplemental Schools and summer youth programs, we strive to
educate our youth. We must never forget that the main goal of Sisterhood is
education. It is in the psalms, “Open my eyes, that I may behold wondrous
things.” Join us, and let Sisterhood help open your eyes.
Neil, Scott, Laurie and Paul join me in wishing all of you a very happy
and healthy New Year.
Bonnie Sandler
President
Bonnie
Upper Left: Marsha Pollack was honored as a Woman of Acheivement at the
annual Torah Fund Luncheon. Lower Left “ Women in the 90’s ” speakers series
was well received by those attending monthly luncheon meetings. Above:
Attendees of Florida Branch Spring Conference, May 1997, in Tampa.
