Scouting
Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14, founded in 1919, carried on the scouting tradition at the Jacksonville Jewish Center in fine fashion,
enjoying a year of outdoor fun, adventure and activities in 1996-97.
This was a year of change for the leadership of Troop 14. Randy Silverberg,
who had been Scoutmaster since 1979, stepped down. He was recognized for his
many years of service with a special presentation made at the annual Blue and Gold
Banquet. Bob Fleet is the new Scoutmaster. Youth leadership was provided by Eli
Fleet, Senior Patrol Leader, and Justin Jackrel, Assistant Senior Patrol Leader.
Outdoor activities included campouts on the Tomoka and Suwanee Rivers,
where the scouts enjoyed canoeing and kayaking. At Ft. Clinch State Park, the scouts
hiked the 16 mile Ft. Clinch Historic Trail. On the campout at Blue Springs State
Park, the scouts enjoyed the manatees, took a winter swim in the spring, and had a
great time even though it rained. In the spring, the scouts camped at Hanna Park.
Troop 14 continues to be involved in the community. They served as ushers for Shimon Peres’s speech. They also
attended the Boy Scouts’ Distinguished Citizen Banquet, as the guests of Stanley Kantor.
Meeting programs included a tour of the Federal Courthouse, a presentation by two Navy S.E.A.L.s, working
with Rabbi Kentof on scout skills, and working on merit badges.
Two scouts, Justin Jackrel and Jared Fleet, were elected and inducted into the Order of the Arrow, an honor and
service organization of the Boy Scouts of America.
This summer, the scouts attended camp at Ten Mile River Scout Reservation in New York. This camp is the only
kosher Boy Scout Camp in the country. The scouts enjoyed mountain biking, rock climbing, rafting, and being at a
scout camp with other Jewish scouts from all over the country.
New Scoutmaster Bob Fleet honors
retiring Scoutmaster Randy Silverberg
at the Blue & Gold Banquet.
Troop 14 is open to any boy age 11 to 18, and also welcomes participation from adults interested in providing
volunteer assistance. For more information call Bob Fleet at 268-2746 (H) or 730-8103 (W).
Scouts enjoy game at Yankee Stadium.
Rafting on the Delaware River.
Troop 14 at the Blue & Gold Banquet.
CompCiments of
Sunshine State
Basketball Officials
Best Wishes for a Happy Holiday
Eliot (Bobby) Tucker
1914 Beachway Road, Suite 2P • Jacksonville, FL 32207
(904) 396-6800
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
99
