Community Agencies
Jewish Family & Community Services
3601 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32257-5582
Phone 448-1933
JFCS is Here for You
Iris T. Young Executive Director
For 80 years, Jewish Family & Community Services has been here to
help Jacksonville’s Jewish families, because our community is not immune to
the world’s problems. We have poverty and hunger, social discord and divorce,
abusive spouses, unwed mothers, and a host of other frustrations.
We also have the ability to create families through adoption; heal families
through counseling; protect our seniors with outreach services; guide our young
toward meaningful lives; and wrap these efforts in the warmth of Jewish
understanding.
JFCS professionals can help clients deal with a variety of concerns, among
them:
• Personal Issues, ranging from abuse to panic disorders, co-dependency
to depression
• Marital Problems, for individuals or partners
• Divorce, helping clients sort through the emotional, financial, legal
and moral issues. Divorce Mediation and Divorce Custody Home
Studies are also offered.
• Family/Step-Family/Blended Family Issues, which take into
account the feelings of all family members. JFCS is a licensed child
placing (adoption) agency, licensed in Florida, New York and
Connecticut
• Parent-Child Conflict, resolving difficulties between generations
• Teen Behavior, addressing issues such as poor self-esteem, peer
pressure, respect for authority and self-awareness
• Children’s Behavior, working with the child who bites, the child
who says “no,” the child who throws tantrums
• Abuse/Neglect; Bereavement/Coping with Loss or Change
JFCS also operates the only two community kosher nutrition sites in
Jacksonville, at Mt. Carmel Gardens (Monday-Friday) and Etz Chaim
Synagogue (Wednesdays). Transportation to and from meal sites is available.
Services are offered on a sliding fee scale, and some evening appointments
are available. Emergency financial assistance and non-perishable food is also
provided to those in need. Client confidentiality is strictly maintained and protected
at all times. For more information about any JFCS service, call 448-1933.
JFCS Officers 1997-98
President - Leonardo Maiman
First Vice President
Gary Wilkinson
VP/Mental Health Director
Dr. Michael Solloway
Treasurer - Michael Lissner
Vice President - Mark Shorstein
Vice President - Dr. Ben Lewis
Vice President - Joan Levin
Vice President - Debbi Carter
Vice President - Richard Salkin
Vice President - Stuart Herman
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments are designed, even in the
smallest detail, to provide comfortable
and pleasant surroundings. From the
initial concept, Mount Carmel
Gardens has strived to create a living
community which provides much
more than housing. Mount Carmel
Gardens offers a 17-story building on
a beautifully landscaped site, 24-hour
staffing, community facilities, and
planned programs, all of which were
developed as part of an over-all
concept...a concept of responding to
the desires of retirees for security,
comfort, safety, independence and the
enrichment of stimulating social-
recreational activities shared with
others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is
located for the convenience of its
tenants with transportation, shopping,
hospital and doctor’s offices nearby.
Designed and equipped for clean,
respectable living for the elderly. This
facility is completely air-conditioned
and heated.
Mt. Carmel Officers:
Jack Coleman, President
Brian Benwick, Vice President
Rose Tincher, Secretary
Dr. Ben Lewis, Treasurer
Louise Axelberg
Debbi Carter
Dr. Ronald Elinoff
Mary Foor
Peter Fryfield
Ardene Halpern
Gerald Levin
Jim O’Steen
Ruth Slutzah
David Thorny
George Thronton
Daniel Wilensky
188
