Community Organizations
Hadassah
National Council of Jewish Women
The many faces of Hadassah
include a community of diverse women
of all ages, homemakers, working
mothers, nurses, mature women who
stand united and deeply committed to
carrying on the Hadassah legacy. This
involves working to support and
strengthen the State of Israel, the
American Jewish community and the
rights of women.
Hadassah’s membership com¬
prises the world’s largest women’s
volunteer Zionist organization.
Working together - networking,
educating, fund-raising, even just
socializing - there is almost nothing our
group of dedicated and energetic
women cannot and will not do to
safeguard Israel and to help steer the
course of American Jewry in our local
community.
The National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW) Jacksonville Section,
Inc. is a volunteer organization, inspired by Jewish values, that works through
a program of research, education, advocacy and community service to improve
the quality of life for women, children and families, and strives to ensure
individual rights and freedoms for all.
The Jacksonville section was established in 1939, and has been involved
in the following programs:
•Tutoring “at-risk” girls at PACE to provide them with a second chance to
earn a high school diploma and job skills;
• Bringing kosher meals, as well as a caring word, to the home-bound
(Kosher Kart);
•Starting a model program, later adopted nationwide, to provide abused
children with a voice in the court system (Guardian Ad Litem);
• Bringing the Home Instructional Program for Parenting Preschool
Youngsters (HIPPY), a school readiness program for at risk 4 and 5
year olds, to Jacksonville.
•Spearheading advocacy efforts at the local, state and national levels
for programs and policies which address the six priority areas which include
women’s issues, children and youth, health and aging, constitutional rights,
Jewish life and Israel.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites
your participation in one of four groups:
Tikva, Shir Li, Hannah Senesch and
Nurses Council. For in-formation
contact any of our presidents.
Tikva
Leslie Held • 731-1221
Shir Li
Helen DuBow * 33-4281
Hannah Senesch
Jean Weinberg • 398-4496
Chapter President:
June Shenkman • 733-0527
Men are invited to show their
support by becoming a Hadassah
Associate.
For information, contact llene Levenson at 730-7273.
1997-98 NCJW Officers
President llene Levenson
Co-VP’s Community Service
Robin Morris, Ellen Rubens
VP Membership Jodie Leach
VP Fundraising June Shenkman
Co-VP’s Programming
Gloria Einstein, Suzanne Lichter
VP Public Affairs June Bell
Treasurer Diane Jolson
Financial Secretary Anne Lufrano
Recording Secretary: Sandra Morgan
Bulletin Editor Doris Goldstein
Women’s American ORT
Women’s American ORT is a
fund-raising group that helps to train
teachers and provide high tech
educational programs in schools in
Israel, the United States and many
countries throughout the world. ORT
assists refugees who are fleeing from
persecution.
Organization
Rehabilitation
Training
The Afternoon Chapter is very
active.
ALEXANDRA STOLARSKY
Registered Electrologist
sterile instruments, disposable needles
Sunbeam Professional Center
3948 Sunbeam Road, Ste 5
Jacksonville, FL 32257
License # E00000458 (904) 292-2400
5316-18 Pearl Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32208
Mark Lewis 904-356-1077
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
191
