Community Agencies
Jewish Community Alliance
. 8505 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone: (904) 730-2100 • Fax: (904) 730-2444
Over the past 9 years, the JCA has grown and become an important part of
Jacksonville’s Jewish community, serving people of all ages — from 6 week old
babies to senior adults. Through our programs, services, and facilities we have
created a “hamisha” neighborhood.
Historically, Jewish Community Centers helped to improve living conditions,
educational opportunities, and helped fulfill various other needs of Jewish
immigrants. Today, many of these objectives are still part of the Center movement,
revised to meet the needs of today’s Jewish community. Centers, like the JCA, are
viewed as significant community resources created to provide positive Jewish
experiences, which are important for Jewish continuity.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life,
culture, and community, (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish
community, (3) enhance the quality of life for all segments of the community, and
(4) strengthen family life. The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range
of high quality programs for people of all ages including: child care and family
programs; fitness and recreational facilities and activities; Jewish education, culture
and arts programs; and by providing a place for family, “neighborhood,” and
community gatherings.
It is with great pride that we are able to work with the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and other Jacksonville synagogues and agencies in conducting special
educational programs and holiday celebrations. The JCA serves the Jewish
community by the free use of JCA facilities for all synagogues, the Federation, and
other Jewish organizations.
We have made changes and are continuing to make changes to better serve
the Jewish community and enhance the quality of life. A sliding fee scale is available to
make membership affordable to all. The doors are always open in our neighborhood -
please come in and join our JCA family - Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
“Honor thy Father and thy Mother” — this is the ongoing commitment
of the River Garden Auxiliary since it’s beginning in 1922 as the Ladies
Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society. Together with a combination of love,
dedication and hard work, our goal is to help enhance the lives of the residents
of River Garden Hebrew Home.
In order to accomplish our goal, we need the help of each and every
member of the Auxiliary. We also need many new members, not only to
support us financially, but also to find more willing hands to come and share
some of their time with the residents. More and more, younger generations
have come to realize that in our elders we have a precious and useful asset.
Our aim is to make their lives a good deal richer and happier, and in return
to receive the rewards of caring. Our “Helping Hands” make a real difference.
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers
President: Gayle Bailys
V.P. Fundraising: Charlotte Jacobs
V.P. Membership: Vivian Kaplan
V.P. Service Coordinator:
Andrea Raitt
Treasurer: Evelyn Meisel
Financial Secretaries: Mary Selber
Sandi Roth
Recording Secretary:
Rose Tbckerman
Corresponding Secretary:
Irma Sandler
If'A
Board of Directors
Executive Committee
Howard I. Korman
President
Pam Korn
Vice President
Dinah Kossoff
Vice President
Ira Goldfield
Vice President
Stephen Goldman
Vice President
Barbara Hunter
Secretary
David A. Stein
Past Board President
Lois Chepenik
Past Board President
Bruce WarschotY
Past Board President
Mark Green
Past Board President
— Gayle D. Bailys, Auxiliary President
