Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
Camp Ramah and Ramah Darom
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is very fortunate to have a large
representation of youngsters participating in the Camp Ramah programs both
in New England and the new Ramah Darom in Georgia. Ramah, an arm of the
Conservative Movement, offers a wonderful summer opportunity for informal
enrichment and meaningful education.
Attending Camp Ramah in New England were: Hope Axelrod, Jordan
Axelrod, Rachel Gerber, Renee Grann, Cara Goldberg, Dena Ginsberg,
Sam Horovitz, Sara Mizrahi, Shira Morris, Aliza Morris, Melissa Osterer,
Natalie Osterer, Jessica Osterer, Ashley Osterer, Lisa Rand, Ben Rogozinski,
Josh Rogozinski, Amy Schuster, Rebecca Shorstein, Jonathan Tannen, Alex
Whitman, Esther Yegelwel and Shayna Weiss.
Center boys bunk at Darom.
Attending Ramah Darom were:
Benjamin Finck, Zachary Morris,
Anne Levenson and Mathew
Shorstein.
Our thanks to the families and
organizations which provide Ramah
Scholarships: Center Sisterhood, Abe
Selber Trust Fund, Myra Thier
Lazarus Ramah Fund and Robert
Gordon Scholarship Fund.
LTI
Leadership Training Institute
Summer Encampment 1997
USY Israel/Poland Pilgrimage and Ramah in Israel
This is a unique opportunity for young people ages 15 to 18 to visit Israel.
Based in Jerusalem each of our groups travels the country experiencing their
Jewish heritage. In addition to spending a delightful summer with their Israeli
peers, our “pilgrims” also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling
companions from the United States and Canada. An additional tour of Poland
gives a deeper understanding of the Holocaust. Center USYers who went on
Pilgrimage were Phillip Echt, Rachel Finck, Seth Finck, Mark Frisch and
Daniel Graff-Radford. Attending Ramah in Israel were Hirsh Kravitz, Ivy
Epstein and Jonathan Rand.
U.S.Y. on Wheels
This fine program gives teenagers an opportunity to travel around the
United States seeing landmarks, historical sites and National parks. In addition
they meet Jewish youth in the cities in which they stay. This year Emily Adler,
Jennifer Braiman, Mitchell Eaglstein, Stephanie Epstein and Alyssa
Rademan joined other U.S.Y.ers on Wheels.
Summers are topped off with a
unique experience at Camp Blue Star
for one week during the month of
August. Teenagers from 7th grade and
up are encouraged to take the
opportunity to participate in this
program which includes informal
classes and discussion groups, cultural
activities and special evening activities
in addition to a full range of camp
sports and social activities. The camp
provides two unique programs:
Kadima, grade 7 & 8, and USY, grades
9 through 12. Those attending were:
Geri Bernard, Lauren Bloom, Sarah
Blankstein, Paige Butensky, Laney
Cohen, Eli Fleet, Erin Frisch, Rachel
Gerber, Cara Goldberg, Dena
Mizrahi, Sara Mizrahi,Rachel
Rogozinski, Lindsay Rosenberg,
Whitney Rosenberg, Jackie Selevan,
Rebecca Shorstein, Danielle Spriggs.
Youth Banquet June 1,1997
At the conclusion of the activity year, the Youth
Commission holds a banquet to honor the officers, advisors and
volunteers from each Center Youth Group. Newly elected officers
for the coming year are introduced. The lovely ceremony and
program are always enjoyed by the young people and their
families who attend the banquet.
