Community Agencies
River Garden
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH & AGING CENTER
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long... ”
It was this commandment which inspired the founding of River Garden
Hebrew Home in 1946. It was this commandment which nourished the love
and care that for more than fifty years has made River Garden a nationally
recognized model of excellence in its field.
The success of River Garden is based on the tradition of meeting 100
percent of local Jewish community needs and of serving rich and poor alike
with excellence. To be served, all you need do is call. The River Garden
Foundation accepts donations to help River Garden continue to meet its
mission.
River Garden’s programs of short-term rehabilitative/respite care,
long-term residential care, Alzheimers’ and Adult Day Care, serve over
180 people on any given day. These programs are guided by a devoted,
professional full time staff of over 200. Staff includes physicians and
beauticians; nurses, social workers, pharmacists, activities specialists;
physical occupational and speech therapists; dieticians, etc. In addition,
scores of dedicated volunteers help create a special caring community.
River Garden is located on a 33 acre Mandarin campus containing
lush Florida oak and pine trees, a private lake, meandering walking paths,
the perfect setting for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community
where people live, love and care; a community of many lifestyles and of
rich Jewish content, and a community which every day strives to live up to
the mandate of the Fifth Commandment.
River Garden
FOUNDATION
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization,
established to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality
of life for the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden
system of services.
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of
their own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial
ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
River Garden Foundation
President: Bob Shields Vice President: Mel Gottlieb
Vice President: Peter Bower Secretary: Aaron Scharf
Vice President:Earle Traynham Treasurer: Steven J. Sherman
Chairman of the Board: Sheila Jacobson
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Brent M. Turbow
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Vice President:
Minnie Schreiber
Honorary V.P.:
Irving Klepper
Secretary:
Ronald Elinoff
Treasurer:
Martin Wolf
River Garden Officers
President:
Bernard Datz
Vice President:
Fred Tromberg
Vice President:
Michael Lissner
Vice President:
Gloria Einstein
Vice President:
Jack Price
Vice President:
Rose Lee Gold
Secretary:
Mark Lodinger
Treasurer:
Robert L. Jacobs
Asst. Treasurer:
Martin Wolf
The Coves,an elegant yet
affordable retirement community, is
located on River Garden’s beautiful 33
acre campus in Mandarin.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit
River Garden Holding Company, The
Coves offers security, club-house
living and the opportunity for
continued growth during the
retirement years in a Jewishly
sponsored environment.
The Coves Board
President
Lewis Meisel
Vice President/Secretary
Helene Coleman
Treasurer
Jack Price
187
