Community Organizations
American Red Magen David
Founded in 1930 as a First Aid Society, Magen David
Adorn has expanded its responsiblities to become the State
of Israel’s emergency medical, disaster, ambulance and
healthcare network. We built and equipped the MDA
National Blood Bank and Fractionation Center in Ramat
Gan - the only one of its kind - for a cost of $30 million.
365 days a year, 24 hours a day, Israel looks to MDA to
perform the usual tasks carried out by Red Cross Societies
throughout the world.
Within minutes, MDA’s rescue units arrive on the
scene: for medical emergencies, accidents, and
unfortunately, for terrorist bombings. Trained paramedics
administer immediate help and then transport the patient
to the hospital.
While the symbol of Magen David Adorn, a red star
of David, is recognized by the American Red Cross, efforts
are still going on to achieve international recognition.
As we near the 50th anniversary of the State of Israel,
you can show your support for only $18 (chai) and do the
mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh.
1997-98 Officers of the Mitzvah Chapter
Magen David Adorn
President:
Wendy Honigman
Education/Program:
Carol Matoren
Membership/Circulation:
Hana Schindler
Treasurer:
Jay Meyer
Recording Secretary:
Gertrude Bernhardt
Financial Secretary:
Jay Meyer
Chapter Coordinator:
Olga Wind, DDS
Bulletin:
Joseph Honigman,MD,CMD
Publicity:
Holly and Hank Arnold
Cards/Donations:
Eleanor Berman
Past President:
Chiel A Wind, MD
Board:
Fern Estner, lisa Gottlieb
Lillian Meislik, David Selin
Martha Steinfield
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
The purpose of the Brandéis University National
Women’s Committee is to provide financial support and
growth for the Brandéis University Libraries, which serve
a community of students and scholars, in education and
research, united by their commitment to the pursuit of
knowledge. The National Women’s Committee offers its
members opportunity for intellectual pursuit, continuing
education, community service, social interaction, personal
enrichment, and leadership development. The members
act as emissaries to support and enhance the image of
Brandéis, a Jewish-sponsored, non-sectarian university
where excellence is the tradition.
1997-98 OFFICERS
President: Norma Levy
Program VPs: Doris Gross, Ginny R. Ribadeneyra
Membership VP: Evelyn Peck
Membership Retention: Pauline Silver
Life Membership: Judie Levinson
Fundraising VP: Morleen Berlin
Study Group VPs: Elaine Fendell, Rachel Halpern
Book Fund VP: Shirley Stone
Financial Secretary: Mildred Kaufman
Corresponding Secretary: Norma Tasman
Recording Secretary: Leona Toppal
Hospitality: Shirley Cohen, Rita Garfinkel
Reservations/Supplies: Elsie Weizelman
Historian: Joan Whitfield
Publicity: Audrey Oppenheimer
Bulletin: Anne Brueske, Phyllis Garbose
Entertainment Books: Ann Pagano
Directors: Esther Kahn, Lee Wagman, Carol Agress
Video
Productions
Commercial & Personal Videography
* Specializing in Weddings,
Bar/Bat Mitzvah s & Parties
• Transfer pictures to video
John Malinka (904) 642-6111
Custom & Ready-to-Go Gift Baskets
Homemade Fudge
Annaclairs® • Jelly Bellies®
Imported Chocolates & Hard Candies
Gourmet Coffee & Tea
Over the Hill and Novelty Gifts
Paula M. Patazio
6925 St. Augustine Rd. • Jacksonville, FL 32217
904/733-GIFT'FAX: 904/9221 «Pager: 904/967-7733
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
189
