Committees
Adult Education
“Adult education...it’s not just kid stuff!”
Expanding one’s knowledge in Judaism is more
important than almost any other of the 613
commandments. The Jacksonville Jewish Center is
a valuable source of adult education in the
community. Our members are challenged to broaden
their perspectives on many issues that face them each
day. Anyone who has attended one of Rabbi
Gaffney’s courses on Jewish ethics or Talmud study
is aware of how much satisfaction learning in a group
setting can provide.
To answer the diverse educational needs of our congregation, the Adult Education Committee coordinated
an ambitious program with a wide variety of courses and speakers throughout the year. Hebrew literacy, Talmud,
synagogue and holiday workshops, Jewish Kaleidoscope, Firing Line and other discussion groups formed the
basis of a comprehensive, on-going curriculum. The Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture, Shabbaton, Missionary
Impossible and community-based engagements brought prominent speakers of national and international acclaim.
For many of us, these were once-in-a-lifetime opportunities to see and hear Jewish celebrities. Exciting plans to
enrich your spiritual life in the coming year are underway.
Shabbaton Weekend, underwritten by the Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton
Fund, featured the dynamic Rabbi Lawrence Kushner, who spoke throughout the
weekend on “Where Heaven and Earth Meet: A Journey of Jewish Spiritual Renewal”.
Rabbi Kushner’s warm, animated and humorous style endeared him to those in
attendance. His views on modern spirituality were thought provoking, as well as
educational.
Malcolm Hoenlein, the executive vice president of the
Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations,
informed us about the “State of World Jewry” at two sessions
presented by the Setzer-Levit Memorial Lecture. ^
Workshops to help the Jewish community understand the dynamics of the Christian
campaign to convert Jews, and how to respond to these pressures, were presented by
Julius Ciss, the executive director of Jews for Judaism. He addressed students and
parents from Center schools and Beit Midrash in three informative sessions called
Missionary Impossible.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center was privileged to host an evening with the
former Prime Minister of the State of Israel, Shimon Peres. We are indebted to the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Mr. Jay Stein and Mr. Doron Nevo for bringing this
important world leader to our community. It was exciting for our youth, as well as
adults, to ask questions directly of Mr. Peres. The experience is one that will be
recorded in everyone’s memory book.
At left: Shimon Peres, former Prime Minister of Israel
Malcolm Hoenlein
The Adult Education Committee, with Rabbi Lawrence Kushner.
