Recreation
Center Day Camp
The Place to Be!
PRE-SCHOOL CAMP: Our pre-school program was directed by Manya Osher this summer. Pony rides, the
moon walk and a visit to Pet World were great hits with our youngest campers. This group made Shabbat candlesticks,
wine cups, challah covers and head coverings. They sang and danced, and made bird
houses and sailing bears. Thursdays were special days when our little campers headed
to the kitchen to make such goodies as pudding with blueberries they had picked, ice
cream sundaes, cupcakes and cookies. Yum, yum!
DAY CAMP: Gayle Bailys was the director of the kindergarten through sixth
grade camp program. These campers enjoyed a trip to the theater to see “Around the
World in 80 Days”, went skating, bowling and canoeing. They visited Wet ‘N Wild,
Peterbrooke Chocolate Factory, and went to the Timacuan Village in St. Augustine.
Their creative juices flowed in arts and crafts, as they made beads, dough animals,
dust mitts, candles and everyone’s favorite, tie-dyed apparel. Their Judaica mitzvah
project took them to Publix to identify kosher products, which were purchased and
then donated to FANN. Three “lock-in”s gave these
campers the opportunity to play “The Price is
Right”, go on scavenger hunts, as well as spend
the night with their friends.
SPECIALTY CAMPS: A popular addition to the Day Camp is this series of
one week mini-camps which focused on special interests. Director Gayle Bailys
provided something for everyone. The first week was Computer Camp, always a
favorite of our whiz-kids. Sports Camp consisted of playing anything and everything
with a ball. Our athletes ran, kicked, blocked and tagged. Art and Crafts Camp
made marbleized paper, potpourri, ice and glitter candles. The campers made red,
white and blue wind socks for the 4th of July. Chocolate was the flavor-of-the-day
when campers dipped pretzels, cookies and fruit. Basketball Camp gave our campers
practice in passing, guarding, dribbling and dunking. Cheerleading Camp involved
cheers, dance and athletics, and was great fun, as campers waved their pompoms
and shouted cheers. OurTheater
Camp gave young thespians
their chance “on stage”. They
presented a mini performance of
the “Sound of Music”, singing
the familiar lyrics with gusto.
Baseball Camp taught pitching,
batting and catching. Home runs
were plentiful and playing was
“at an extreme.”
Cartel, Hf
Ron McKean Mandarin Plaza
Owner 9825-42 San Jose Boulevard
268-6354 Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Quality Theatre for Young Audiences
SUPER SUNDAY SERIES
Jungle Book - January 18, 1998
Norman Foote - February 15,1998
Little Red Riding Hood - March 22, 1998
Florida Theatre - 2 p.m.
Call Theatreworks for special savings on series tickets.
(904) 398-2960
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
101
