Scouting
Junior Girl Scout Troop 5
Junior Girl Scout Troop 5 had a fun and exciting
year. With money earned from cookie sales last spring, we
purchased 12 tents, and camped with Cadette Troop 969
at Ft. Wilderness. Besides increasing our outdoor skills,
patrols (teams of 6-8 girls) planned menus on a budget,
purchased food and prepared each meal for 30+ campers,
with enthusiasm and creativity!
The goal of our badge work was the “Sign of the
Satellite”. The girls interviewed women, performed
services for the Jacksonville Jewish Center and earned the
“Celebrating People”, “Skysearch” and “Ready for
Tomorrow” badges.
Laney Cohen and Rebecca Simon were selected for
the Council’s 6th grade event based on St. Augustine in
the 1700’s. They wore authentic outfits, which they helped
to sew and embroider, as they camped and served as tour
guides in the historic district.
Ten scouts earned the Bat Or, the Jewish religious
award for Junior Girl Scouts, thanks to mentors Beth
Shorstein, Wendy Brezin, Lauren Hochrad and Jill
Tager.
Thanks also to Amy Cohen — Badge Mom, and to
Helen Shacter — Cookie Mom and Assistant Leader.
Did you know there are over 100 girls involved in
scouting at the Center? Get involved — it’s great! For
information on a lot more than cookies and camping, call
Jan Lipsky, Leader, 268-7225.
Cadette Girl Scout Troop 969
This was the first year of Cadette Troop 969. We are
making history! Cadettes are in the 7th through 9th grades,
and work towards the second highest award in Girl
Scouting, the Silver Award. Five girls are off to a good
start, as they earned the “Dreams to Reality” patch —
investigating careers, completing job applications and
resumes.
The troop organized games and skits, and assumed
leadership roles when they camped with Junior Troop 5 at
Ft. Wilderness. Then they camped with other Cadette troops
in a Victorian era weekend at Camp Chowenwaw.
In partial completion of the Emergency Preparedness
interest patch, the scouts, with their parents, learned CPR.
They also toured a critical care unit at St. Vincent’s Medical
Center, and Fire Station #551.
The girls are working on the Menorah Award, the
religious award for Jewish Cadette Girl Scouts. Thank you
Robin Mtorris for being their mentor in this effort.
Additionally, the girls thank Cathy Cohen, Cookie
Mom, for organizing the cookie sale, and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center for giving us a great place to hold our
meetings.
For information on the Cadette level of Girl Scouting,
call Karen Southall, Leader, 292-9269, or Jan Lipsky,
Assistant Leader, 268-7225.
Once - A - Year Pest Control Free Inspection
Baiting System Full Repair Bond
Amy's Smoked Fish
FIRST COAST
Termite and Pest Control
"li'iftMi Jwkeo to hm\m"
J.L. Lusk 1239 Rogero Road
Certified Operator Jacksonville, FL 32211
(904) 389-0304
SAVE BY THE CASE! 904-292-4531
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
95
