President’s Message
A longtime basketball coach, who
quit after 15 seasons, stated, “My job was
not to build the building, but it was to
repair the foundation.”
I felt privileged last year when I
was installed as president of the
synagogue because we have such a fine
physical plant in such a beautiful setting.
Unlike former presidents, the burden was
not on my shoulders to build the
synagogue; however, there were some
cracks in the foundation that needed immediate repair.
Looking back over this last year, I feel that we have
accomplished many of our goals. We implemented a
successful Patrons Campaign in which more than 65
families pledged $1,000 each to offset our deficit. We
had the most successful raffle in the Center’s history, the
proceeds of which benefit youth education. Our summer
camp program completed its most successful season. Life-
cycle events were celebrated here almost every weekend.
And this school year, we have the largest enrollment,
ever, in our day school grades K-6.
On Rosh Hashanah two years ago, when I spoke to
the congregation as Building Fund chairman, I discussed
how critical it was to the future of the congregation that
we reduce our mortgage. Just a few months ago, three
loyal families, the DuBows, the Selevans and the Setzers,
once again offered their support. Through their generosity
in buying the Center’s northside property, our mortgage
has been reduced to an amount that can be covered by
existing pledges that are due to be paid over the next three
years. At last, a debt-free congregation as we approach
our second 100 years!
Confronting the future challenges
of our congregation, I am mindful that
“One who is concerned with the needs of
others: preserves the past, creates a
present, and prepares the way for the
future.”
I am grateful for the dedication of
the Center’s officers and board,
professionals and administrators. Our
congregation is also blessed with many
members who do contribute time and
money, without prodding. This year we will again be
calling on you, as we embark on a million dollar campaign
for major physical improvements and security needed for
the building. When you are contacted, I hope you will
respond, “Hinneni- “Here I am.” Sisterhood will be
calling for your support with our new merchandise scrip
program, the V.I.R Club. When contacted, I hope you
will respond, “Hinneni” Our vital committees and
organizations will be asking you to join and volunteer. I
hope you will respond, “Hinneni”. The children of our
schools and youth groups will be asking for your help
and involvement. I hope you will respond, “Hinneni” -
“Here I am.”
As it is written, “It is not our job to complete the
task, but neither are we free to refrain from it.” I am not
asking anyone to give until it hurts. I am asking you to
give until it feels good. None of us can do it all, but all of
us can do it together.
On behalf on Arlene, Esther, Tania , I want to wish
you all a Happy and Healthy New Year! L’Shanah Tovah.
Evan Yegelwel
Evan J. Yegelwel
President
Berman Bros., Inc.
Best Wishes for a
Happy and Healthy New Year
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
Edward, Millie,
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
CyWpiU, Millie K. Tannen, d.d.s.
3810-5 Williamsburg Park Blvd.
Phone 353-3694
Jacksonville FL 32257
} (904) 733-3360
