Special Events
Annual Center Raffle for Education
READING, WRITING $ RATLEEKTR/IVASANZ/)
Once again, the Education Raffle was a tremendous success. By the evening’s end, over $50,000 was
raised. The winners of the raffle walked away with one of 13 fabulous prizes. The grand Prize winning ticket was
drawn by Rabbi Gaffney as over six hundred excited guests waited anxiously to hear that Mr. & Mrs. Scott
Allerding had won $10,000! The other lucky winners were: Ms. Tobe Pilato, Mr & Mrs. Fred Kupperman,
Mrs. Ella Rogozinski, Mr. & Mrs. Jerry Jernigan, Mr. & Mrs. MarkTalpalar, Mr. Irv Metter, Mr. & Mrs.
David Robbins, Mr. & Mrs. Harvey Gartner, Mr. Ben Edwards and Sada Freedman, Mr. & Mrs. Drew
Margol, Julian Moss, Drs. Jeff & llene Levenson and Mrs. Monique Torres. The biggest winners, however,
were our children who will benefit from the funds raised by the “Reading, Writing and Raffle” event.
The evening was highlighted by Cantor Joel Fox, entertaining at the piano as the guests filtered into the
beautifully decorated foyer and social hall. The room was adorned with wonderful artwork made by our own
children. The sumptuous buffet kept everyone satiated until the night drew to a close. The evening also included
live music, dancing and comic relief. The evening was punctuated by presentations to Martha Savage, lead
ticket seller and Alan & Renee Gordon, Honorary Chairpersons of the evening.
Cochairmen of the Reading, Writing and Raffle Extravaganza, Fred Pozin and Josh Whitman, were
delighted by the overwhelming response to the fund-raising efforts. Heartfelt appreciation goes to those volunteers
who worked tirelessly to make the evening a success. In addition, our goals could not have been met without the
support of our sponsors and patrons. Finally, sincerest thanks are extended to every individual who purchased a
ticket. Without your support, we would not be able to attain our educational goals!
Above left Surprised winner, Ella Rogozinski. Above right: Center was packed for the event.
Honorary Chairs:Renee & Alan Gordon Martha Savage. Gottfried performed.
We acknowledge the generosity of the following businesses for their
prize donations: Far East Brokers and Consultants, Inc., Jacksonville Kennel
Club, Jacksonville Omni Hotel, Lodge & Beach Club at Ponte Vedra, Marriot
Sawgrass Resort, MicroCity Computer, Mobile Gas Co., Ponte Vedra Inn
and Club, Ritz Carlton Amelia Island, Savannah Hyatt Regency Riverfront
Hotel, Southwest Airlines, Stein Mart.
The evening was sponsored in part by First Union Bank.
Event Co-Chairman
Josh Whitman,
Fred Pozin
Committee Chairpeople
Robin Allerding
Gayle Bailys
Ira Goldfield
Lynn Maiman
Wendy Pozin
Jeanine Rogozinski
Kim Robbins
June Shenkman
Steve Sherman
Elyse Whitman
Honorary Chairpeople
Alan & Renee Gordon
Co-Chairs Josh Whitman & Fred Pozin
