Solomon Schechter Day School
Resource Teachers
Les Johnson
Computers
Terry Murphy
Physical Ed.
Heather Goodrich
Art
Sandy McLuckie
Librarian
Scott Zimmerman
Bar/Bat Mitzvah
Training
1997-98 PTA Officers
Presidents
Marjie Rogozinski
Randi Rogozinski
Treasurer
Marie Joseph
Corresponding Secretary
Robin Allerding
Recording Secretary
Debbie Harris
Day School Financial Secretary
Elyse Whitman
Pre- School Financial Secretary
Janet Nield
Solomon Schechter PTA
The Solomon Schechter Day School PTA is made up of parents, teachers,
administrators and students, who work for a single purpose — the enrichment
of our schools.
Throughout the year, our large group of volunteers are truly dedicated
to making sure our children have the best quality programs, educational
equipment and modern facilities. All of this is made possible by successful
fundraising projects like magazine and candy sales, and book fairs. This year
we will be able to computerize the library, and make plans to enhance the
outdoor playgrounds. Flag poles were erected in front of SSDS in memory of
Renee Mibab and Elmer Powell. Stencil machine equipment, T.V.’s, V.C.R.’s,
videos, books, computer software, a pottery kiln and cameras were all
purchased with funds raised by P.T.A.
P.T.A. also provides these important programs:
• Book-A-Bration honors simchas while adding books to our library.
• The Cultural Arts committee provides art enrichment programs.
• Picture Lady brings works of art from Jacksonville Art Museum into
the classroom.
• Holiday Celebrations such as model seders, Consecration and Shabbat/
Havdalah boxes.
• Red Ribbon Week for drug awareness and Vision Screening
Your commitment to the P.T.A. makes our schools even more successful.
We need and welcome everyone’s help.
L’Shannah Tovah, Marjie and Randi
Ilana Manasse - Wal-Mart 1997 Teacher of the Year
In a ceremony held at the Mandarin Wal-Mart, Ilana Manasse, Judaica teacher, was
presented a $500 grant for Solomon Schechter Day School, as part of her recognition for
teaching excellence.
Mrs. Manasse was one of 1500 national winners who received a total of $750,000 in
grants for their schools or school districts.
Principal Willard Kennedy stated, “ It is my observation that Mrs. Manasse is a true
professional. She is innovative and dynamic in the classroom, infusing her students with tremendous motivation,
and instilling in them an appetite for the joys of learning. Mrs. Manasse teaches by example and deed, as well as
textbook fact!”
The Center is proud to have teachers of the high caliber of Mrs. Manasse educating our children. We thank
her, and wish her Mazel Tov.
