Organizations
Jewish Singles Sisterhood Chuppah Project
A funfilled evening with hostess Talie Bielski.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center provides
opportunities for Jewish singles from 21 to 35ish to
gather together for dinner and socializing a few times
a month. This group is open to all Jewish singles,
regardless of synagogue affiliation. This important
program is subsidized by the Center and, for the past
two years, by some funding from the Jacksonville
Jewish Federation. Flyers, the Center Bulletin and the
Jacksonville Jewish News notify Jewish singles of
upcoming activities. For more information, and to join
the group, call Rhoda at the Center office, 292-1000.
Above L to R: Chuppah worker Martha Savage,
Sonya Morris, Rhoda Goldstein and Stella Finck.
This Sisterhood handcraft project for our synagogue
was inspired by a chuppah being made by the Florida
Branch. Our beautiful, new chuppah is being created to
fit our existing frame, and will be an alternative to the
original one. A variety of vibrant tones of silk ribbon and
beads are being used to embroider flowers and vines to
embellish a cream, silk fabric.
The creation of this chuppah is a labor of love,
creativity and diligence. Since the Spring of 1996, many
hours, many thoughts and ideas, and many hands have
helped our chuppah evolve. Hopefully, the love and
devotion of this group will be felt by the couples who
exchange their vows of marriage beneath this beautiful
chuppah.
55+ Club
The 55+ Club, now in
its tenth year, usually meets
the second Sunday of each
month from 2 to 4 p.m. at
the Center. Programs
include speakers, musical
performers, dancing exhi¬
bitions and interesting
presentations. The enter¬
tainment is always exciting, refreshments are served and there’s always time
for socializing. The annual luncheon in June is the highlight of the year.
Membership is open to the entire Jewish Community with annual dues only $12
Row 1 L to R: Molly Silverman, Pollie Copans, Sada Freedman,
Row 2 L to R: Jack Silverman, Philip Copans, Ben Edwards
55+ Club Officers
President
Ben Edwards
Vice President/Programming
Pollie Copans
Treasurer
Jack Silverman
Recording Secretary
Sada Freedman
Corresponding Secretaries
Pollie and Philip Copans
50 per person.
Best Wishes
Atkinson’s
Compfíments
Beauclerc Pharmacy
°f
Jay Solomon Sports
268-5575
9735 St.Augustine Road
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers 27
