Committees
Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center
The Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center contains a rich collection of
books of Jewish interest — Bible, prayer, Talmud, Holocaust, philosophy, literature,
Israel, poetry, humor and fiction. All are available for reading by members of our
congregation.
The Solomon Schechter Day School collection continues to grow, and much
needed bookcases were donated to hold all the volumes enjoyed by young readers.
The Melvin Trager Family donated a book cart in memory of Melvin Trager to
display new acquisitions.
Library volunteers are needed to assist the Library Committee in continuing
to guarantee the accessibility of the extensive collections of books. Committee
members devote hours of service processing and cataloging, filing and shelving
library materials.
Throughout the year, the Library Committee joins the Center Sisterhood for
special Shabbats and for book reviews. At those times, the library cart is available
for checking out selected books.
The Library is open Sundays from 8:30 to noon.
Daily Minyan Captains
Rhoda Goldstein and Judy Greenfield prepare welcome bags.
Membership
Kathy Osterer, VP/Membership
Rhoda Goldstein, Chair
The Center Membership Committee is committed
to extending friendship, recruiting, retaining and mostly
involving newcomers in the life of our congregation. This
year, alone, over 60 new families have joined our ranks.
To meet the needs of our multifaceted Center family,
the Membership Committee provides a wide variety of
services, such as Shabbat synagogue greeters, hospital
visitation, newcomer welcome-bag delivery, outreach to
singles, and arrangements for holiday home-hospitality.
Since a family that “plays together, stays together”,
the committee sponsors brunches, casual dinners, cocktail
parties and other social events throughout the year.
Bringing our members together is the Membership
Committee’s greatest pleasure, and we welcome your ideas
and participation. Every member of our synagogue is
automatically a member our committee. Each of you is an
ambassador of good will, not only to new members, but to
all members. Together we can make the Center truly “the
center of our life”.
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is
a minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a
hard and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to
coordinate attendance.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish
when you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe them not
only our thanks, but also our help, to continue providing a
minyan. Please call any minyan captain and become a
“regular” for at least one minyan a week.
Monday a.m.
Monday p.m.
Raymond Cohen
Bill Wilensky
Tuesday a.m.
Tuesday p.m.
Jack Mizrahi
Jack Bettman
Wednesday a.m.
Wednesday p.m.
David Mazo
Jack Silverman
Thursday a.m.
Thursday p.m.
Seeman Zimmerman
Fred Alterman
Friday a.m.
Friday p.m.
Leon Yergin
Philip Selber
Saturday p.m.
Religious Committee
Sunday a.m.
Sunday p.m.
Philip Selber
Evan Yegelwel and Bill Zoske
Library Committee
Chairpersons:
Minnie Schreiber,
May Goldie Stillman
Administrative Assistant:
Elaine Furman
School Liaison:
Edith Horovitz
Members:
Blanche Slott,
Roselyn Selber
Moti Demri
Svetlana Goldiner
Kathy Cohen
Staff Assistant:
Vicky Goldiner
