Message from Rabbi Gaffney
Israel’s 50th Anniversary
It may seem an odd question to
ask on the eve of Rosh Hashanah but -
“why are these High Holidays different
from all of the holidays of the past?”
Without having you go through
the entire Haggadah, I ask my readers
to consider the dedication of our
yearbook—the fiftieth anniversary, the
Jubilee celebration of the establishment
of the State of Israel.
For those old enough to
remember May 1948 . . . the
establishment of Israel ranks as one of
the significant events of Jewish history.
For those conversant with the
liturgy of our Siddur—“May our eyes
behold Your return to Zion” or
“L’shana ha’ba’ah”—“next year in
Jerusalem”, the events of fifty years ago
signal the realization of a century’s old
dream.
For those informed of Jewish
history, there is no question but that
Israel has taken the schmerz — the
pain out of Jewish living. Instead of the
grave marker that has characterized two
thousand years of our history, Israel has
given us a banner around which to
rally; a sense that being a Jew is a
proud privilege. For two thousand
years Jewish history was shaped by
others—by coercion, by subjugation,
oppression and exile. This helplessness
reached its most frightening crescendo
in the lifetime of many of us—the
death of six million of our brothers and
sisters, one and a half million of our
children in the Shoah of Europe, a little
more than fifty years ago.
The birth of Israel marked the
beginning of our redemption. We have
gotten off our knees, straightened our
collective shoulders stooped by the
burdens of the long night of exile and
have returned to our homeland and, as
we read in the birkhat haMazon, the
Grace after Meals, with our head erect.
For those who are religious, and
how can you not be filled with a sense
of God’s presence when you consider
the events of our lifetime, Israel has
reaffirmed our faith and rekindled our
belief in miracles.
Rabbi David and Inge Gaffney
When I read the special prayer,
as we celebrate Israel Independence
Day, I add the blessing —uSheh-asah
nissim Vavotenu bayammim ha’hem
ba-zman ha ’zeh”—“who has wrought
miracles for our ancestors and for us.”
Plain and simple...Israel is a miracle.
Israel is the miracle forged by a
Divine human partnership. It is the
consequence of a people who would
never forget its homeland in its holiday
prayers and in family celebrations.
Every wedding would conclude with
the broken glass reminding us of our
need to restore Zion. It was made
possible by the passion of Herzl and
the founders of Zionism as well as the
countless generations of people who
supported Israel with their modest
donations made in little blue tzedakah
boxes. It was the consequence of those
who were involved in the first aliyah
movements, who came from Russia
and Germany to wrest a nation out of
a desert; it was the displaced persons,
the D.Rs who boarded the Exodus and
similar vessels of refuge in order to
reach Israel. It was the fledgeling army
of the Haganah and, later, the Israel
Defense Force, the IDF; it was the
sacrifices of the youngest and brightest
of our people who gave their lives
along with the halutzim, the pioneers
and thekitbbutzniks. It was the answer
to the prayers of those who gathered
to offer their prayers at the kotel, the
WesternWall. Israel is the miracle of
those who still serve on borders on the
Golan and in the territories and in those
places of continuing vulnerability. It is
the result of all those who lived —uode
lo avda tikvatenu”—“we have not yet
lost our hope”.
That our people could achieve
the fulfillment of this most cherished
and longed for hope at the precise
moment when the hand of despair lay
most heavily upon it—this is an
achievement to convert the most
skeptical and most cynical of men into
passionate believers. The rebirth of
Israel fifty years ago is the realization
of the prophecies of Isaiah and an
affirmation of the truth that “not by
might nor by power alone, but by My
spirit, saith the Lord.”
We are the most blessed
generation in the last two thousand
year history of our people. All that our
grandparents and great grandparents
have prayed and yearned for has come
true in our time. Israel is reborn. So,
yes, these High Holy Days are different
from all others. This year we can sound
the shofar in keeping with the Biblical
mandate that on this 50th Jubilee year
“you shall proclaim liberty throughout
the land and to all of the inhabitants
thereof ”. This is the year that we can
say the words — ule-shana ha-ba-ah
b’yerushalayim” — “this coming year
in Jerusalem.”
One thing further—we need to
assure that our children share these
dreams. On a majestic night, four
thousand years ago, God made a
promise to Abraham that his children
would grow to be a great and mighty
nation. We are those children who have
been privileged to see that promise
fulfilled. We have experienced
homelessness and suffering—but we
have survived and persevered all of our
countless exiles. Our glory has been
reborn in the present and will continue
to glow in the future.
On this High Holiday, we have
every reason to recite the shehecheyanu
prayer, thanking God for sustaining us,
uplifting us and enabling us to reach
this joyous moment in our people’s
history.
Inge and I join in wishing all of
our friends a healthy and joyous New
Year.
Rabbi David Gaffney
7
