Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scouts is the phase of Boy Scouting that
includes boys from 2nd through 5th grades. The
purpose of this program is to develop good character,
and to encourage spiritual growth, good citizenship,
good sportsmanship, friendship with other boys, and a
sense of personal achievement.
Pack 14 has four very successful and rewarding
dens who met weekly under the guidance of volunteer
leaders. A special thanks is due Patricia Stacey Sail,
Stella Finck, Elissa Vining, Lori Schoettler, Stacey
Epstein, Marie Joseph and Deena Richman, this
year’s den leaders.
Once a month, the whole pack and their families
met for such activities as: Pinewood Derby Car Race
held at River Garden Home, Scout Shabbat, Blue and
Gold Banquet, and of course the Cubaree and end of
the year family campout. These were the times the boys
shared their den accomplishments, put on skits, hunted
for treasure, learned about knife safety, and were
awarded badges that they had earned.
The success of Cub Scouts depends entirely upon
adult support and involvement. We have been very
fortunate in this area. Scoutmaster Jim Richman gets
a special thank you from everyone involved. I would
personally like to say that working with such a nice
group of parent volunteers makes my job of Committee
Chairperson and Treasurer a very easy one.
GO — MIGHTY, MIGHTY PACK 14!
— Cindy Demri, Committee Chairperson
Flying Eagles Den — 2nd grade
(L to R) Back row: Marie Joseph, Jack
Joseph,Louis Richman, Josh Marks,
Jonathan Sandler, Ben Shorstein. Front
row: Joseph Yarish, Brian Levenson,
Arnie Silverberg, Adam Weiss.
Arrow of Light Weblos — 5th grade 1
(R to L) Back row: Pat Sail (and Rachel),
Max Schwartz, Josh Mandelkorn, Louis
Schwartz. Front row: Manny Sail, Sammy
Warfield.
Scorpion Den — 3rd grade
(L to R) Elissa Vining, Kyle Schoettler,
Jonathan Mizrahi, Michael Meisel,
Joshua Fleet, Andrew Vining, Lori
Schoettler. Not pictured: Michael Epstein,
David Richter, Ben Whitman, Aaron
Blankstein, Jonathan Shriftman, Stacey
Epstein
Annual Pinewood Derby
at River Garden
Cobra Weblos Den — 4th grade
Top to bottom: Stella Finck, Mathew
Shorstein, Ori Demri, Zach Morris, Ben
Finck. Not pictured: David Selber.
Blue & Gold Banquet
97
