Custom Clothiers
by la Tierra,
to
As many of you know, La Tierra Clothiers of Jacksonville Beach
clothed ladies and gentlemen with quality apparel for over
28 years.
Ladies & Gentlemen
We are proud to announce that the name La Tierra is back!
Custom Clothiers Inc. by La Tierra is ready to serve our old
and new customers who appreciate the quality, fit and the
utmost in service offered by true "custom clothing".
At Custom Clothiers, Inc. by La Tierra, we do everything the
right way, the classic way ... by hand, by tailors right here in
Jacksonville in our own factory. So your garment is made
special for you and you alone.
Personalized
attention is the hallmark of our service. Visit
our luxurious showroom, or allow us to come
to you at your home or office.
We pride ourselves on attention to detail. At
your first visit, we take five essential
measurements, and spend lots of time listening
to your preferences of style, fit and fabric. From
fine cottons to the ultimate in cashmere, our
fabrics are the finest in the world.
Fit is everything! Master Tailor, Lorenzo
Cipullo, designs and cuts every garment
himself to your specifications. A final fitting
ensures that your completed garment exceeds
your expectations.
You'll be pleased at our prices too. We sew
for you a custom-made wardrobe, for about
the same price as off-the-rack designer ready-
to-wear.
Custom Clothiers, Inc. by La Tierra offers
custom made shirts, ties and hand-rolled
pocket squares. In stock, are Robert Talbott
shirts and one of a kind ties. Our formal wear
includes accessories, cufflinks, as well as vests,
cummerbunds and ties. You'll appreciate the
luxury of our smoking jackets and robes.
Casual wear, fashionable business attire or
elegant evening apparel ... it would be our pleasure to
Costa Verde Plaza design something special just for you.
2425 S. Third Street
lacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-241-8141
Fax 904-241-8142
1-888-241-7002
Lorenzo Cipullo
Master Tailor
Dale Spradlin
President
190
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
