Administration
Executive Director’s Message
When the sage Hillel was
challenged to describe the teachings of the
Torah while staying balanced on one foot
he was able to define the essence of the
Torah in a concise answer : “Do not unto
thy fellow man what is hateful to thee -
the rest is commentary.”
If Hillel were asked a similar
question about defining the essence of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center he might
quote a verse from the book of Exodus :
“Let them make me a sanctuary, that I
may dwell among them.”
If you have any doubts that God
is dwelling among us you need only see some of the
miracles that happen everyday at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Walk through the halls and hear the voices of
young children reciting Birkat Hamazon and you know
that God dwells among us. When you look down a hallway
and see our youth groups preparing a Mitzvah project for
the community you will know that God dwells among us.
Attend a Shabbat service at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
and you will know that God dwells among us.
These miracles happen on a daily basis at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center in large part because of our
dedicated staff. We are blessed to have the quality of
committed religious and education professionals, teachers,
administrative staff, catering department and maintenance
staff, all who work tirelessly on behalf of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
We are blessed with a magnificent
facility, worthy of God’s presence. We are
blessed with the finest group of lay
leaders, volunteers and generous
contributors who make everything we do
possible.
In the year ahead we will be adding
new programs, greeting new faces and
rising to new spiritual levels together as
a congregation. We will be challenging
our congregation to help meet the needs
of our physical building so that it too can
be maintained as a worthy dwelling place
for God and his people.
As we greet the New Year 5758 it is my hope
and prayer that each of you will join me in working
towards the goal of making this synagogue one where
God can continue to dwell among us. Come to me with
your ideas of new programs. Come to me with ideas about
how we can make our existing programs even better. Focus
on all the good that we do and think about how we could
do even better!
Let us continue to build a sanctuary where God
can dwell among us. The rest as Hillel says, is
commentary.
On behalf of Edith, Sam and Max, I wish you a
happy and healthy new year.
Bruce Horovitz
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
Activities Director’s Message
Flip through the pages of the calendar that takes over my desk and you will be
amazed at the number of activities that take place during the course of a month. Review
a weekly schedule and you will shake your head in astonishment! In any given week,
you will find the pages filled with committee meetings, life cycle events, Performing
Artists, a Hoedown, Wind Down Wednesdays, a “trip” to Israel, youth activities, school
programs, single’s activities, conventions, lunchtime learning, Sisterhood, Men’s Club,
choir practices, Mr. & Mrs. Club, holiday observances, adult education, day camp,
meetings, meetings and more meetings! It has been a very full exciting year with even
more planned for the year, 5758.
To the many wonderful, valued volunteers who continually give of their time to
our Center family, you are truly appreciated. To those of you who are thinking of becoming
involved, join us, we welcome you! We have something for everyone, be it spiritual, educational, social, cultural or
recreation.
On behalf of my family, Abe, David & Talie, I wish you all a year of health, happiness and peace. L’Shana Tova!
Shirley Bielski
Activities Director
