Organizations
Center Men’s Club
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club provides an excellent opportunity for the men of our congregation to
become involved in many enriching activities throughout the year. Ranging from synagogue service to community
action projects, religious and educational in nature to recreational and social, the Center Men’s Club has something
gratifying to offer all men and their families. The Men’s Club is just a portion of the total picture, but it is vitally
needed to help our synagogue realize its fullest potential in working toward Jewish values and practices.
The activities of the JJC Men’s Club have multiplied since its inception five
years ago. This past July, Randall Smith (Smitty), our past president, accepted the
coveted Gold Torch Award from the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs for the
New American B’nai Mitzvah Program. This project, the first of its kind in the
nation, gained international recognition. Credit goes to Ken Organes, project
coordinator, and countless volunteers. We also received honorable mention for our
Armed Forces Shabbat.
The Yom Hashoah candle
program was started by the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs. JJC Men’s
Club is honored to be able to
contribute to the remembrance of the six million Jews who lost their lives
in the Holocaust.
We will continue recreational get-togethers for members and their
families such as: cards & football night, attending baseball and hockey
games, coffee tastings, speaker brunches, and deep sea fishing trips.
The annual Lag B’Omer picnic is a great way for our members to
serve and interact with families of all ages, as are decorating of the
Goldman Sukkah and our River Garden fish-around-the-pond with the
residents.
Men’s Club supports Center youth programs by serving breakfast at USY and Kadima
much needed recreational materials. Every Bar and Bat Mitzvah receives The Shabbat
Jewish Living series published by the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs. This year we plan to
honor our youth who read Torah, as a
meaningful way of promoting this important
skill Vdor v’dor.
The JJC Men’s Club is open to all men
over 21 years old , who are members of this
congregation. We strongly encourage members
to join and bring their unique talents, experience
and ideas to an already thriving organization.
conventions and furnishing
Seder from the The Art of
Officers:
President
George Rubens
Vice President
David Schmerer
Secretary
Harvey Gartner
Treasurer
Hank Kopp
Board Members:
Leo Davis
Moti Demri
Ira Grann*
Gary Kresel
Ken Organes*
Neil Sandler*
Barry Schuster
Joe Shacter
Randall Smith*
* Past President
23
