Campaign to Complete

Just as success dictated the relocation of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center in the early 1970’s, success today dictates
the enhancement of the Center to insure its service in the
years to come.

We are, quite simply, participants in our own tradition
of success. The building we created more than a dozen
years ago has served us well. Within its walls, we have
grown in numbers and prospered in the perpetuation of
our Jewish life and the education of our young. Now it is
time to move ahead again, to expand our dimensions to
match our growth and to refurbish our facilities to the
quality of newness we once enjoyed.

To accomplish this we have embarked ona $3,100,000

 

campaign which will carry us to the threshold of the 21st Century. It is a campaign which is based on proven need and
itis one which will benefit us all. It will benefit our children for generations to come and it will benefit all in Jacksonville

with whom we share our Jewish heritage.

Ten Compelling Reasons for the $3.1 Million
Building Fund Campaign

 

Expansion of Lobby and Living

Contributors Wall
The front lobby must be expanded to accommodate persons
entering the building when large attendances are experienced
and at times of inclement weather. Included in the
construction will be a covered portico to protect automobile
passengers as they enter and leave the building. The
expanded lobby will permit the erection of a permanent Living
Contributor’s Wall, which will acknowledge all contributions
from past and present building fund campaigns.

Additional Classrooms and Expansion

of School Administrative Facilities
A conservative analysis of the school program shows a
proven need for three new classrooms for kindergarten
through the third grade. A new administrative wing also is
needed for the five school programs: Child Care, Day School,
Afternoon Hebrew School, Sunday School, and Hebrew
High. Space is needed for offices; for a conference room and
lounge, and for storing books and supplies.

24

Expansion of General Administra-

tive Facilities
The space now occupied by the school office will be merged
with the present general administrative area and will be
expanded further when the lobby is enlarged. The existing
lack of space—whether it be the study for the Rabbi, an area
for the finance department, proper working areas for
secretaries, or an office for an executive director—greatly
hampers the efficient administration of the center.

 
 

 

Development of Social Activities Center

A pressing need exists for space to handle small
meetings and social events attended by 10 to 100 persons. To
meet this need, four rooms will be built along the exterior of
the Setzer Courtyard. The rooms will have movable partitions
so that they can be combined when necessary. The area will
be linked on one end with a corridor to the kitchen and on
the other with a corridor to the main lobby. The social
activities wing will also house a renovated bridal room and
youth lounge. The relocation of the youth lounge from the
education wing will make the lounge more acessible and will
free space in the education wing for additional classrooms.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
