RIVER GARDEN HOLDING COMPANY

Hebrew Home for the Aged

Henna raul 33835. President
Avinur Guiman 23.6 ce. Vice president Michacihl Grecubue DOU Peeadees
Peter Winterfield =. .......3 eo Secretary Lee Horovitz...-<.. Vice President Chairman of
Admissions Board
Elliott Palevsky, MA ........ Executive Director Judge Harvey Schlesinger «2... .2. .. Secretary
Digi WOW os oe es sg Treasurer
Martin A. Goetz, MS, MPA ...... Administrator

 

The residents, board, volunteers and staff of the River Garden Hebrew Home extend sincere fraternal greetings to the Jacksonville Jewish Center and all the
people who live Jewishly with the Center’s help and all those who labor to support this important institution.

The residents at River Garden realize that without the forsight and support of a caring Jewish community they would not have the opportunity to continue to
live beautifully and Jewishly and be served with excellence in the face of extraordinary care needs.

Jacksonville is grateful to our Jewish community for establishing and maintaining the agency offering the finest program of intensive short term rehabilitation
care to all, and the only such agency having a full in-house compliment of physical, occupational and speech therapists working under the supervision of staff
physicians.

The largely gentile staff of River Garden appreciates the opportunity to do things right and takes pride in working for one of the finest care agencies in the
nation. The River Garden staff understands that the unique dedication to human dignity, the commitment to serve rich and poor alike, and the special conditions
of work are an expression of Jewish social and religious values. The staff is exposed to the best that Jewish tradition has to offere and is exceptionally sensitive to
the Jewish needs of residents.

Volunteers serve tirelessly with devotion and love forging a link between the Jewish community and the Home and more importantly, between person and
person, enriching the lives of residents with personal care and service, enriching their own lives by expanding their souls through the performance of good deeds
and the carrying out of mitsvot.

The Board members of our Home realize that they are responsible for a sacred trust. They realize that the quality of life for River Garden residents must parallel
the quality of life of the Jacksonville Jewish communiy. They realize that to maintain community intergrity there must also be easy access and interaction among
all generations. Special care needs should not become a barrier to continued family bonds and to the relaying of family and Jewish tradition from generation to
generation. They realize that as we all live longer and society in general grows older, exciting new means must be created so that we can together fulfill the fifth
commandment to honor father and mother so that all our days may be long upon this earth that God provides us.

Implicit in this commandment is not only that Jewish stability and honor too (and understanding of) our forebearers is the sina quo non of Jewish life, but that life
itself should be so good, so sweet, that long life will be viewed as a reward. It is with all of these understandings that the planned community on the Mandarin
campus has been undertaken.

Let us proceed from strength to strength as we continue to support each other.

River Garden Auxilliary

OFFICERS
IVIES: TavIMONd ZaAGEL 5 oe rey ee President
IVINS ACK ICC oa occ Gece oa da ec ee ee Vice President Fund Raising
irs. lear samGel. oo... ioe. ee Vice President Service Coordinator
IPSs INOMMaN. © YeeGIMNd ¢66.4...668.%5 ae ee oo es eee Vice President Membership
Mrs Miarhin Caplan: 2... as a Vice President Operations
IMIS = INFAIIICICALZ oe Gs. 6 vis 5 oo ban a General Treasurer
Mins, arr. lWeKman: 2.25024) doe oe ee ee Financial Secretary
Mrs; Lewis Meisel 0 ics See Recording Secretary
IMs. Rueben Janoisky ... 6... .86 oa ee ae Corresponding Secretary

Medical progress has served us in many areas. One which concerns us the most is the onger lifespan of our older
citizens. River Garden Auxiliary — a very special group fo dedicated ladies and gentlemen — work diligently to help make
the lives of the residents a bit happier, a bit more comfortable, a lot more meaningful.

Our dedicated volunteers participate in many activities that take place at the Home. Our out-to-lunch program gives
some residents the opportunity to go “out-to-eat” on a one-on-one basis. We celebrate Mother’s and Father’s Day,
Hanukah, and Purim through our Special Holiday Programs. We especially recruit volunteers via our “Give Sarah 2 Hours” drive for these programs. We sponsor
a successful blood bank drive for the use by our residents. The Sunshine Program provides gifts for residents who have benn hospitalized as well as visits by
volunteers. We staff the “Little Store,” help with letter writing, assist with shopping and some adopt a friend.

Our fund-raising is achieved through annual dues, life memberships, Tombola, Linen Shower and Donor programs. Many friends contribute to our Tree of Life,
Memorial and Fifth Commandment plaques.

i ot Anniversary Day in March, we celebrate joyfully. This day is jointly planned and carried out by the Board of Trustees, professional staff and hosted by the
uxiliary.

In the near future, River Garden plans to break ground for our outstanding new facility in Mandarin. This endeavor will need the support of every Jewish family
in Jacksonville. We hope we can count on yours.

Our motto, “Service with a Heart,” is very meaningul to us. Won't you join our membership? We need every “Helping Hand” and willing heart to carry out our
services to the resident.

Through “Helping Hands,” our quarterly newsletter, we are able to communicate the Auxiliary events on an annual basis.

Our best wishes to you and your families for a Healthy and Happy New Year. Madalyn Zager

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 151
