Henry Kramer Library & Kesource Center

A gift by Dr. and Mrs. Herbert Kehr of the 18 volume set of Salo Wittmayer
Baron’s A Social and Religious History of the Jewwas presented to the Henry
Kramer Library in honor of Mrs. Henry Kramer. They are beautifully dis-
played in the Library Reading Room.

Two beautifully embossed prints by artist Michael Barooshian entitled
“Samson” and “Saul” were presented to the Library by the Confirmation
Class of 1986.

A poster “Precious Legacy” was donated by Rambusch, interior designer of
our Synagogue.

The tasteful and elegant books and pictures have added more beauty to our
Library. They were arranged by Hermine Newman and Blanche Slott.

May Goldie Stillman, Co-chairman of the Library Committee, was honored
on Simhat Torah as a “Woman of Valor” for her splendid work at the Library.
She has devoted many service hours to the Library. She is joined every
Sunday by Diane Fages and Belle Gendzier. Their assistance is invaluable.

The Solomon Schechter School presented a plaque to the Chairman,
Minnie Schreiber, for the Committee’s assistance on maintaining the Day
School Library. Belle Gendzier is the chief assistant in this achievement.

The Reading Circle is in its third year. The books they are reading are
available in the Tofield Room of the Library. Synagogue members are urged to
join and enjoy the many new books available in the Tofield collection.

“Book-A-Bration” project of Solomon Schechter P.T.A., headed
by Susan Millunchick, has added many new titles to the Solomon Schechter
Day School Library.

The Library is open every Sunday from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 Noon. The
Library cart is available once a month after Services on Shabbat. There is a
good book for everyone in your Library. Check one out the next time you are
at the Center.

— Minnie Schreiber

The Library is a perfect place to relax and read current
Jewish periodicals.

 
 
 

‘come addition to our ever-expanding libraries.

Committee
Chairman. : i -<...’ weeeeeeeseee Minnie Schreiber
Co-chairmen ©. -vs.<0..<......s 5... = Diane Fages.&
May Goldie Stillman — Belle Gendizer — Linda Bressler
— Marsha Pollock
Library‘Cart 7... ieecstcessan,s Lillian Meizik

Jay Aronson
Judaica Collection ...... pS pee er ae oe
Rita Gendizer — Hermine Newman — Florence Schreiber
Treasurer Roslyn Selber

 

 

Cie

A Social and Religious History of the Jews is a wel-

Best Wishes for a Healthy and Happy New Year

Soforenko Real Estate

and

Insurance Agency

4700 San Jose Manor, Drive W.
Jacksonville, Florida 32217

137-3363

AUTO ¢ HOME

 

BUSINESS e LIFE

Insuring Jacksonville for over 30 years with dependable and trustworthy

service.

737-5363

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 31
