the Jacksonville Jewish Center

 

 

Creation of Memorial Hall

When the sanctuary was completed five years ago, the
old memorial plaques were removed and were to be replaced
by pylons at the main entry to the sanctuary. The design of
the pylons proved to be unsound and unusable. The Yahrzeit
tablet plaques were placed in the promenade near the Witten
Chapel. This promenade will become the permanent
Memorial Hall and will house a new wall upon which the
Yahrzeit tablets will be permanently placed. A new electrical
system will provide appropriate lighting.

Child Care Facility

The increasing enrollment in the pre-school and day
care programs necessitated the construction of this facility on
an emergency basis. Our children and grandchildren now
benefit from modern classrooms. The funds for the project,
which were borrowed on a short term basis, must now be
repaid.

Roadway Improvements

Roadways linking the Center with Crown Point Road
and San Jose Boulevard need improvement as do the parking
areas. Signage and landscaping also need upgrading to
enhance the image of the synagogue and to assist visitors.

Noise Control and Sound System

The noise control facilities which were called for in the
original design of the building were omitted for cost reasons.
The expanded use of the building now necessitates noise
control improvements. The location of the public address
speakers in the synagogue also must be modified.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

Bud Shorstein

The general “Campaign to
Complete the Jacksonville
Jewish Center” was launched
Sunday evening, August 30. The
successful evening began with
cocktails and hors d’oeuvres
followed by a campaign update
by chairmen Leonard Setzer and
Jack Selevan. Our new executive director, Eric Reiter, and
his wife Ilene were officially introduced and welcomed.

The highlight of the evening was Laurie DuBow’s enter-
taining slide presentation of Bud
Shorstein’s life. In appreciation for
his devoted service to the
congregation, Laurie presented Bud
with an original lithograph.

Eric & Ilene

 

 

Rehabilitation of Present Building

Some portions of the present facility have not been
refurbished or even repainted since the building was
completed in 1975. The carpets are badly worn; the drywalls
need repainting, and the wall coverings need replacing. Two
of the main sections of the building need new roofing. New
equipment and furnishings are also needed for the
administrative, educational and youth departments.
J Additional Storage Areas

The increased number of books, tables, chairs and

other equipment for our growing needs requires additional
storage space.

Your generosity will
help us meet
tomorrow’s challenges TODAY!

25
