SOLOMON SCHECHTER PTA

of the

JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA

 

President-Evelyn Moskovitz
Treasurer-Phyllis Goldberg

Financial Secretary-Jan Glassman
Recording Secretary-June Shenkman
Corresponding Secretary-Wendy Talpalar
Hot Lunch Program-Jo Marks

Magazine Sales-Carla Bernard

Book Fairs-Kathy Osterer

Jewish Book Fair-Pat Frisch

Candy Sales-Janis Fleet

Birthday Book Club-Edith Horovitz
Chairman

Book-A-Bration-Edith Horovitz
Ordering for Day School-Donna Price
Ordering for Preschool-Janice Meisel

Holiday Observance-Leslie Held
Consecration & Hanukkah- Tricia Bloom
Passover-Pat Frisch
Pre-School Co-Chairmen-

Nancy Mizrahi
Liz Gartner

World Book Representative-Elaine Mack
Fine Arts Day Chairman-Barbara Safer

Pre-School Fundraiser:
Cassette & Book (Nursery Songs)-
Chairman-Kathy Wallach

Art Enrichment Chairman-(Picture Lady)

Room Representative:
Chairman for Day School-Peggy Organes
Chairman for Pre-School-Sheree Spriggs

 

SHABBAT BOXES

The Solomon Schechter PTA is a strong and vital
force of the Solomon Schechter Day School and
Early Childhood Department. Together, our parents,
teachers, and students cooperate to support and
enhance the many projects and programs of our
schools.

The PTA’s Shabbat Box Project was a new addi-
tion to our Holiday Observance Program in the Day
School. Because of its huge success, the Shabbat
Boxes will also be included in the Pre-Kindergarten
program this year. Each Shabbat Box is beautifully
decorated and filled with all the necessary tools for
observing the Shabbat. Each week a different child
in each class has the opportunity to take home the Shabbat Box and share a very
special Shabbat with family members.

 

Evelyn Moskovitz

Another exciting project sponsored by PTA was TheatreWorks/USA which
brought to us Marshall Izen’s program, “Dinosaurs, Puppets, and Picasso,” an art and
music educational program presented in a delightful and entertaining way. This year
Mr. Izen will be back with “Mozart, Monsters, and Matisse.”

PTA’s other services continue to include “Your Child”, the quarterly newsletter
designed specifically for the Jewish parent, and features articles on the varied facets of
parenting and Jewish family life; the Hot Lunch Program which provides delicious
kosher meals for our children; and the Birthday Book Club (Book-a-bration) which
celebrates the birthday of a child by placing a book in the library in honor Book-a-
bration also.

The PTA’s fundraising projects which include the magazine and candy sales, book
fairs, paper drives and T-shirt sales enable us to provide the financial means to obtain
special equipment for the benefit of all our children. This year the PTA funded the
Science Program including individual classroom laboratories which are part of the
curriculum of the Solomon Schechter Day School and emphasize a hands on
approach to learning. PTA has also purchased a generous amount of play and
playground equipment for the Early Childhood Department and provides extra
equipment for both our schools depending on the needs of each class.

A Fine Arts Day Program, new for this year, promises to be very exciting. A
kaleidoscope of arts activities will be enjoyed by all.

Our dedicated PTA Board looks forward to another successful and exciting year.
We are proud of our 100% PTA enrollment and invite all parents to participate in PTA
to help maintain our school’s high quality of education and Jewish life.

—Evelyn Moskovitz, President

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 89
