Daily Minyan

The mitzvah of daily prayer is an excellent way to start or end your
work day. There are a number of men and women who have been
attending regularly and are not necessarily only those who are in
mourning or observing a yahrzeit.

We urge everyone to attend these services as regularly as possible. In
doing so you not only provide yourself with inspiration and added
strength for proper living, but you also have an opportunity to provide
for those who are in need.

We thank the following minyan captains for their dedication.

 

Day a.m. p.m.
Sunday Philip Selber Nathan Shmunes
Monday Dr. Nathan Schneider Adam Jacobson
Dr. David Mizrahi
Tuesday Blanche Slott Martin Brauner
Jack Bettman
: | on Wednesday David Mazo Jack Silverman
«We thank the following men who served as Shabbat Thursday Seeman Zimmerman
usher Captains: Norman Moss Barney Margolin
Leon Schinasi, chairman: Harry Berman, DavidGold- Friday David Epstein Philip Selber
ring, Barney Margolin, Ken Organes, Marty Weisstein Saturday Philip Selber

and Evan Yegelwel.

Torah Reading Program

There is an interesting episode in the Book of Numbers (11:29) revealing Moses’ spirit
as a teacher. When Joshua complained about two of the newly-appointed leaders staying
in their tents, Moses replied, “would that all the Lord’s people were prophets, that the
Lord would put His spirit upon them.” Hertz comment: “This one saying:proves the
incomparable greatness of Moses’ character. When a man is really great and good he
longs that all should be as he is and better.”

The rabbis compare the reader of the Torah to Moses himself. Fortunately, we havea
large number of young people and adults from the various professions who participate in
all the readings, some who are able to do all the readings for particular occasions. We are
happy that they had the opportunity of sharing in Moses’ delight in transmitting the
Divine word. It is a mitzvah which carries its own reward. Ted Gross, Coordinator

 

 

Torah Readers for 1986-87

Dr. Neil Abramson, Jonathon Andriesse, Michael Aronsohn, Gregory Balotin, Larry Bernard, Ricky Bernard, Jack Bettman,
Bob Bossen, Joel Bressler, Raymond Cohen, Richie Davis, Moti Demri, Adam DePaul, Gary Gendzier, David Goldberg, Aaron
Goldschmidt, Aaron Gottlieb, Alex Greenbaum, Bruce Horovitz, Adam Jacobson, Burton Katz, David Lazarus, David Mass,
Ellis Mass, Steve Meisel, Alan Mizrahi, Dr. David Mizrahi, Dr. Edward Mizrahi, Ken Organes, Ricky Plotkin, Dr. Marco Rand,
Michael Schneider, David Schnipper, Steven Shapiro, Jack Silverman, Brent Trager, Nathan Weiss, Michael Weitzen.

Compliments

LEW ELECTRICAL SUPPLY COMPANY

LEW MEISEL, President

Phone 737-6623

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 21
