A Message from Rabbi Dov Kentof
Youth & Education Director

A woman was driving a carpool of children who started to jostle
and yell. When she turned around to quiet them she drove through
a red light and almost ran downa man. The man walked over to the
car overflowing with children and said, “Lady, don’t you know
when to stop?” Glancing back at the children, she said icily, “They
aren’t all mine.”

Our lives are filled with so many distractions that we rarely stop
to think what it means to be Jewish, or just as important, how to
be Jewish. No religion or culture can live by its thoughts and
teachings alone. it needs forms and rituals to encapsulate its
truths, symbols and observances to penetrate an individual's inner
being, and festivals and holidays to celebrate its values and pre-
serve its history. If an ethnic or social system is to survive, it must
keep its adherents constantly informed of its essential character
and purpose. The ideas and ideals of a people may give it signifi-
cance, but its group habits give it life.

As Jews, many of us have kept the holidays and customs for
years without knowing why. Others have not practiced the basic
traditions because they were never taught how. Still others refrain from holiday oleeranees out of
embarrassment born of pseudo-sophistication or because they lack the impulse to act. We all need to know
more about the practices of Judaism. And while practice may not necessarily make perfect, at least it will
help make us informed, involved, and intelligent Jews.

With the beginning of this new year, I am asking all parents of our children to make a family commitment,
not only to send your child to a Hebrew School, but to get involved yourselves in the Parent Education
Program, in supporting our school and teachers and in standing behind our goals and objectives and
involving ourselves with Jewish activities. We are here to help involve and inspire. We are asking you to do
the same. May this new year bring commitment and inspire all of us.

Alina, Gil and Tali join me in wishing you and your family all the happiness for the new year.

 

 

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 131
