Rabbis Message

 

Doing Better

One of my favorite stories...one that many of you have heard me tell before is a
charming story told about Pablo Picasso by Arthur Koestler in a book he wrote
called Act of Creation. A Parisian art dealer, having bought a painting signed
“Picasso” sought to have it authenticated by the artist, who remarked, “. .. its a
fake.” Some two years later the dealer, having acquired another signed painting,
confronted Picasso with it. “It’s a fake”, was the reply. “But,” said the dealer, “I,
myself, saw you painting this when I was last here.” Picasso shrugged, “I often paint
fakes,” he replied.

The notion that a man is creating fakes when he fails to live up to his highest
capacity has far-ranging artist implications. The contections that the second-rate is
second-rate, even when it is executed by first rate men is particularly worth ©
proclaiming in an age when geniuses are discovered and proclaimed weekly. There —_—
is always room for the near miss and for the clearly second-rate. But the standard ~~
for outstanding accomplishments must inevitably be lowered if no one bothers to distinguish the good from the not
quite good enough.

 

I recalled the story just a few weeks ago, when ina rather hurried visit to Israel, I engaged in one of my favorite Israeli
activities, namely, walking to and through the Old City of Jerusalem. One of the gates in the walls that surround the
Old City is known as Shaar Ha-ashpot, the “Dung Gate.” Legend has it that this strange name was derived from the
historic fact that when pilgrims in ancient times came to Jerusalem to celebrate the festivals they would wash the filth
of the road off themselves at a point before entering the city. They didn’t feel that they could enter the Holy City until
they had done that.

As we collect ourselves to face the New Year we too stand, as it were, at a gate and we, too, should cleanse
ourselves of all that defiles, embitters and grieves us, before we enter. The late Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black
once wrote, “At the end of life we shall not be asked how much pleasure we had in it, but how much service we gave;
not how happy we were, but how helpful we were; not how our ambitions were gratified, but how, in love, we served.”

Goodness is not just in the outward things we do, as in the inward things we are; not just in what life brings to us, as
what we bring to life. In order to achieve some measure of success in living, we must try to be happy in the present and
confident in the future.

The essence of the High Holidays might best be underscored by an incident in the life of a Hassidic Rebbe who on
the eve of the High Holidays was passing through the marketplace and overheard a man bargaining with a merchant
for a piece of merchandise. The customer offered a price, and the merchant said, “you can do better than that.” The
- customer then offered a higher price, but the merchant persisted, “you can do better than that.” The Rebbe lifted his
eyes heavenward and said, “Master of the Universe, is this not what you want us to understand on these Holy Days?
Are You not saying to all of us, ‘you can do better than that, you can do better than that’?”

The High Holidays that we celebrate summon us to understand, as Picasso did, that the second-rate remains
second-rate . .. that the portrait of our life not be a fake...but that we can do better. After all of the prayers that we
chant, after all of the songs that we sing...after the fasting and the worshipping the ultimate challenge to us will remain,
“can you do better?” Let us not be second-rate people, nor second-rate Jews for we can live in accordance with our
higher capacities.

Inge joins me in wishing you and yours a healthy, happy and fulfilling good year...as each of us strives to “do better.”

aS mys
‘SASh
