Jacksonville Jewish Federation

10829 Old St. Augustine Road (32223) Phone: (904) 262-2800

OFFICERS

President
Elliot Zisser

First Vice President
Steve Silverman
Second Vice President
Matthew Edelman

Secretary
Lawrence Richter

Treasurer
Judy Silverman

Immediate Past President
Aaron M. Scharf

Women’s Division
Anita Warschoff

Executive Vice President
Isaac Lakritz

 
 
 
 

 

i

\y

 

The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the central fundraising planning,
budgeting and coordinating agency for the Jewish community. It was founded
as the Jacksonville Jewish Community Council in 1953 and became the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation in 1979. In 1983, it moved into a new home on
Old St. Augustine Road. The Federation conducts an annual campaign that
raises funds for the United Jewish Appeal, as well as other national and
overseas agencies. Local beneficiaries are River Garden Hebrew Home for
the Aged Jewish Family and Community Services, the Kosher Nutrition
Program, and the chapters of various Jewish organizations.

The Federation funds and coordinates various community programs,
including Yom Ha’atzmaut (Israel Independence Day), and Yom Hashoah
(Holocaust Commemoration Day). Other special programs are the New
York Jewish Teen Experience, the Israel Teen Experience, and the annual
Ravines Leadership Retreat. Its Women’s Division conducts its own commu-
nity campaign as well as a host of educational programs and efforts. It
published The Kehillah, a monthly newspaper, that contains local news in
addition to coverage of Jewish issues throughout the world. Its meeting
rooms are available to Jewish organizations. The Federation strives to
address the needs of the Jewish community, encouraging community
participation and involvement.

Isaac Lakritz
Executive Vice President

Jewish
Family &

Community Services,..

“I am not sure how I would last if I did not have
you to just sit and listen during rough times.”

“T hope someone gets as much help and more as!
didk

The above testimonials come from the heart and
are an expression of clients’ feelings about our
Agency. The Jewish Family & Community Services
70th year was one of our most successful, and one
of our most challenging.

Our basic mission, to strengthen and preserve
Jewish individuals and families, remains unchanged.
However, the principal catalyst for the changes we
face is environmental - changing client needs, rising

OFFICERS
President. 4.525622 052, Dr. Dennis Lafer
Vice Presidents: . 4... M. David Epstein
Jeff Mazo
Cathy Winterfield
Martin Wolf
Financial Vice President ......... Alan Harrison
Medical Director -..2.......... Dr. Guy Benrubi
Mental Health Director........ Dr. Milton Mann
(reaSurer: (24. as ee Norman Moss

costs, shrinking government support, changes in volunteerism, changes in accountability and increased

demand for services.

A larger factor in all this change lies in our need to be flexible, caring and professional; as well as responsive

to an individual’s need to be treated with dignity.

It is with enormous pride in our past and great enthusiasm about our future, that we begin to struggle with

these issues.

HAPPY NEW YEAR

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

e
0
a
AWE
‘8
NN
I
T
Y

 

149
