oa

a

a ees a
Re eT ee eS

~ CONTINUING
‘THE TRADITION
~ OF SUCCESS.

OE cee eee aa

eau nor ete es

i a age ae

ts

een et

a

See ern i

ete

 

Jacksonville
Jewish
Center

Yearbook

1987-88 5/748

 
One-to-One

America

The American Banks

JACKSONVILLE OFFICES: 2031 Hendricks Avenue ¢ 6615 Arlington Expressway ® 5622 Beach Boulevard ©
Mayport Naval Station ¢ 580 West Eighth Street ¢ 9716 San Jose Boulevard 5665 Normandy Boulevard ¢
11683 San Jose Boulevard ® 9425 Lem Turner Road ©9802 Baymeadows Road ¢ 1031 Atlantic Boulevard

GAINESVILLE OFFICES: 1717 N. W. 13th Street ¢30 E. University Avenue ® 7615 N. W. 8th Avenue

Members FDIC

Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 
Congratulations and Best Wishes
To The
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
From

LEO & SHELIA JACOBSON
and Family

DIXIE CONTRACT CARPET, INC.

7523 Philips Highway . Phone 733-0023

Jacksonville, Florida

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
fluid systems inc.

Allen R. Gray
MANUFACTURES REPRESENTATIVE

2100 Corporate Square Blvd.
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
(904) 721-8550

ENGINEERING ASSISTANCE

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

We create home furnishings harmony
with quality, value and satisfaction

You'll find a medley of fabulous home furnishings awaiting you at Rhodes . . . from
warm and inviting traditional looks, to very sophisticated contemporary designs.
The best home accessories, too. Visit Rhodes and discover the harmony of form,
function and unmistakable value in fine furnishings.

 

THE FURNITURE STORE ... SINCE 1875

YOUNG ADULTS @ 30-60-90 DAYS SAME AS CASH, NO FINANCE CHARGES
JUST STARTING OUT: @ CONVENTIONAL FINANCING, UP TO 36 MONTHS

We'll do everything possible to help ,
establish your credit. We welcome the @® CREDIT FOR YOUNG ADULTS

credit accounts of young adults. : anatase oe
Glee: | ee |

 

WESTSIDE NORTHSIDE SOUTHSIDE ORANGE PARK
5887 Normandy Blvd. 4700 Walgreen Rd. 5960 Beach Blvd. 266-25 Blanding Blvd.
786-0313 764-3211 398-4501 276-5111

ALSO, GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
A carpet that beats the
*‘wear-path’’ problem for
10 years... ee

Armstrong Guarantees It.

DE nth 7 RRS SAI a 5
Pe’. .8easoce, 4 Pe ne 4 9, a San ee S,
Dae NER

 

 

 
 

 

 

SORE

a net A ae ae ala AAAs en a ete tet tn A"

ee!

Anything Goes! Carpet

The lasting beauty of Anything Goes carpet The most vigorous testing in Armstrong

extends even to those high-traffic areas that history, like the Knoxville World's Fair

normally show crushing, matting, and wear where Anything Goes was walked on by

paths within a few years. 2,249,000 visitors, allows us to offer an ex-
In fact, Armstrong guarantees it in writing clusive limited 10-year written warranty.

for 10 years. Here's why .... Come in and see this ex-

Anything Goes carpet uses On Sale Now’! citing Armstrong luxury

a special combination of carpet and the Limited

yarn twisting, yarn heat- 10-Year Warranty. Choose

setting, and density to (Armstrong from many styles and a wide

provide exceptional selection of colors.
resistance to permanent
crushing and matting.

Exciting New Showrooms

9995 University Blvd., W.
A I-95 & University Blvd.

Mon.-Fri. 9-6, Sat. 9-5

‘Furniture 737-3700

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Table of Contents

ADMINISTRATION EDUCATION (continued)
Yearbook Staff: .225.55 55.5.5 Le AUTO ee 96
Rabbi's Message ...<. 25.2... 9 Sting SCNOOl. 66.8 i a ah 91
Adminstration 3.4 2.5... Le Afternoon Hebrew School ............. 92-93
Executive Director’s Message ............. if Plebrew Mien 6). 635 a 95
Social Services Director’s Message ......... i Conhipmaiion 05626. ae 90
President s Message <5. 20:22. 6... 15 ie 1OkAN WKeEAG@eNS (23005 ee a Zi
OHRCEIS oe 23 Schechter? |.Ao 3 es, 89
Board of Directors. <2 2. 18-19. 4! College Students... ta 43
Pastor Presidents. .2......6. 4.6 23. 5. 6s ly
lstees: 6 he a 17 — 2) CRELENOS Ut 121
Mointemanee 6 eee a 143
Usher & Minyvan Captains <i... i. 60... 23 MEMBERSHIP DIRECTORY ................ 49
Se 2 RECREATION. 6) 6 99
ADULIDACTIVINIES.- 49 Day Camp, Sunday Sports, Tennis Tournament,
Sisterhood, Raffle, Library, Choral Society Concert, White Water Rafting, LT]
ae Choir, Performing Artist Series, Blood SIMA. 2. ook eee ee 105
BIQiNS 4. Ge 106-109
Bar/Bat Mitzvalin = 2". ba 111-113
CALENIDAI 603) a 49 Wen 115
COMMONLY 2. .2.6:00. 3 ec 149
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Family and SPECIAL EVENTS
Children’s Service, River Garden and Auxiliary, Simhat Torah Honorees Pi eas ee es 23
ZOA. Hadassah, BBYO, Mr. & Mrs., Progressive Purim Celebration ee A ee 141
Credit Union, ORT, National Council of Jewish Dennis Prager/Adult Education ............ 39
Women, Jewish War Veterans, Jewish Men’s Bowl- Performing Artist Series 1986-87: ........... Ze
ing, JCA. Southeast Regional Awards. ....4.......6.4: 23
Building Pund” 3.32) i ee, 24-25
DEARLY DEPARTED °° *= 202... 45 leew Travels: .2 232 oe a 43
Jacksonville Hevrah Kadisna «..... 3... 46 PAOUGRUS 2 oe 33
Family Council: Family Education ......... 163
EDUCATION
Pre-School Principal’s Message Fe ee 81 YOUTH .. 042 ee 131
Pre School:-s 7.7 he 82-83 Rabbi Dov Kentols Message .....::...,4,. 131
Day School Principal’s Message ............ 85 Kadima, Chalutzim, U.S.Y., Summer Programs,
Day School’... (es. 87-88 Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts,
duntor ( OnGregation (3. . a 4.51 138

 

About the Cover

The Yearbook cover is the architect’s rendering of
the covered portico which has been designed to
protect passengers arriving and leaving the Center by
car. This is only one of the renovations planned for the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. See pages 24 and 25.

Our thanks to George Strumlauf for the yearbook
cover design.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 5
THE ALAN GORDON FAMILY

 

ompliments of
Banana Processors
Jacksonville Produce Terminal

and

DEL MONTE FRESH FRUIT CoO.

P.O. Box 4646 ® Jacksonville, Fla. 32201 © 396-2101

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
1987-88 Yearbook Staff

 

Rhoda S. Goldstein Isabel Balotin

Advertising Editor Editor
Yearbook Committee TO OUR ADVERTISERS:
Florance Berman Our constant gratitude, not only for making the publication possible, but also for the support they
Marilyn Garber lend to our Youth Activities. We urge our members to reciprocate with their patronage.
- abana Facts About the Center Yearbook
en ae ee e A reference and guide for the Jacksonville Jewish Center membership and the Jewish
Barbara Safer Commu:
Erda Starling e Serves over 7,000 members and advertisers.
e All proceeds devoted to the Center’s program.

Photographers ree

, The Yearbook is a summary of the various activities and programs of this Synagogue-Center
Gerry Bettman depicted in pictures and words. We are grateful to the many organizations of this community and
Wendy Honigman congregants who have cooperated in providing us with material used.
Rabbi Dov Kentof :
Baicedps We appreciate the efforts of our staff and other members of the Center who have devoted time and
See oers effort on behalf of our 1987-88 Center Yearbook.
David Weihnacht
Karen Weihnacht

 

 ._
Peggy Organes Irvin Ghelerter
Layouts Ads/Layout

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 7
... and they stood

the

They had left Egypt and slavery
but not without fear.

For seven weeks they toiled
through a pitiless desert, and
they came to the mountain.

They stood, the Torah tells us,
beneath Mount Sinai,
gathered to learn their fate.
Beneath the mountain,
not merely beside it;
the words are unmistakable.
The words mean the Rabbis reason,
the the mountain was raised
from the ground;
Held over their heads
in a terrible warning
to signal the solemn choice they faced:
Embrace the Covenant,
as a People committed to the Law,
and freedom would be
rich with meaning.
Deny itt,
and they had escaped from slavery
to find only license and destruction.

This ts the Covenant that 1s affirmed
each year at Rosh Hashana,

when the sound of the shofar is heard
as 1t was on Mount Sinat.

This 1s the time when Jews,

who carry and embody the oldest
unbroken tradition in the Western world,
face again the meaning of

their commitment.

Accept freedom,

as a concept born in Law,

Accept the Law,

and Liberty has purpose.

Deny Law, and
freedom dissolves into dust.

eneat

EAODUS 19:17

This year all Americans

mark another covenant-A covenant which
Sree people made with the rule of law
when this Nation was founded,

raising a beacon that gave a new light

to the world.

This covenant is what the Bicentennial of our
Constitution celebrates. It ts

what America means and has meant:

Free people choosing to live under law.

Men make laws for their own protection.

Sound laws, properly respected,
give substance to freedom,
safety and dignity to all.

All men have desires, self-interests.

Free men are at liberty to persue them -
but only to the point where

others’ liberty 1s not curtailed.

Law puts limits on our freedoms,
so that more of us are free
and all of us are more free.

The talent for leadership, the urge
for power, are potent engines that
advance our world.

But power unharnessed
can consume us all,
unless tts limits are prescnibed by law.

There are laws and there is law.
Men’s laws, made for their own -
protection, can also mask privilege

or legitimize oppression.
The commitment of free men to the rule
of law involves another obligation.

“The Law of the Lord 1s perfect,
comforting the soul... The statutes of
The Lord are right, causing the heart
to rejoice...”’ Psalms 19:8-9

mountain.

We live by many laws: local,
regional, national. We are engaged
in a life-and-death effort to embrace
the world within the rule of the law.

And just as the founders of
this Nation, two centuries ago,
rejected lawless laws
to seek a higher standard of right,
we must subject all our laws,
our leaders — and our own acts —
to the searching test of measurement
against moral law...
against Eternal law:
the simple, inescapable goal
of truth with mercy,
justice with love.

This 1s the meaning of the Covenant.
This ts the obligation that ts laid
upon us all:

Live as a people committed

not only to Law,

but to improving

of men’s laws

by the yardstick of the Eternal.
To forget this obligation
1s to forget history, our only guide
to the uncharted future.
It 1s to forget the Holocaust
Which drowned the world 1n blood,
And to permit again those conditions
from which the Holocaust arose.

To neglect the Covenant ts to admit
into our lives that brutal lawlessness,
that immorality which threatens

not only man’s security, but his society,
not only his society, but his humanity.

WE STAND ONCE MORE
BENEATH THE MOUNTAIN

TA The essage From She Sewitsh Theolo gical JS enmunary

East Coast Fruit Co.

Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families

Mentton the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Rabbis Message

 

Doing Better

One of my favorite stories...one that many of you have heard me tell before is a
charming story told about Pablo Picasso by Arthur Koestler in a book he wrote
called Act of Creation. A Parisian art dealer, having bought a painting signed
“Picasso” sought to have it authenticated by the artist, who remarked, “. .. its a
fake.” Some two years later the dealer, having acquired another signed painting,
confronted Picasso with it. “It’s a fake”, was the reply. “But,” said the dealer, “I,
myself, saw you painting this when I was last here.” Picasso shrugged, “I often paint
fakes,” he replied.

The notion that a man is creating fakes when he fails to live up to his highest
capacity has far-ranging artist implications. The contections that the second-rate is
second-rate, even when it is executed by first rate men is particularly worth ©
proclaiming in an age when geniuses are discovered and proclaimed weekly. There —_—
is always room for the near miss and for the clearly second-rate. But the standard ~~
for outstanding accomplishments must inevitably be lowered if no one bothers to distinguish the good from the not
quite good enough.

 

I recalled the story just a few weeks ago, when ina rather hurried visit to Israel, I engaged in one of my favorite Israeli
activities, namely, walking to and through the Old City of Jerusalem. One of the gates in the walls that surround the
Old City is known as Shaar Ha-ashpot, the “Dung Gate.” Legend has it that this strange name was derived from the
historic fact that when pilgrims in ancient times came to Jerusalem to celebrate the festivals they would wash the filth
of the road off themselves at a point before entering the city. They didn’t feel that they could enter the Holy City until
they had done that.

As we collect ourselves to face the New Year we too stand, as it were, at a gate and we, too, should cleanse
ourselves of all that defiles, embitters and grieves us, before we enter. The late Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black
once wrote, “At the end of life we shall not be asked how much pleasure we had in it, but how much service we gave;
not how happy we were, but how helpful we were; not how our ambitions were gratified, but how, in love, we served.”

Goodness is not just in the outward things we do, as in the inward things we are; not just in what life brings to us, as
what we bring to life. In order to achieve some measure of success in living, we must try to be happy in the present and
confident in the future.

The essence of the High Holidays might best be underscored by an incident in the life of a Hassidic Rebbe who on
the eve of the High Holidays was passing through the marketplace and overheard a man bargaining with a merchant
for a piece of merchandise. The customer offered a price, and the merchant said, “you can do better than that.” The
- customer then offered a higher price, but the merchant persisted, “you can do better than that.” The Rebbe lifted his
eyes heavenward and said, “Master of the Universe, is this not what you want us to understand on these Holy Days?
Are You not saying to all of us, ‘you can do better than that, you can do better than that’?”

The High Holidays that we celebrate summon us to understand, as Picasso did, that the second-rate remains
second-rate . .. that the portrait of our life not be a fake...but that we can do better. After all of the prayers that we
chant, after all of the songs that we sing...after the fasting and the worshipping the ultimate challenge to us will remain,
“can you do better?” Let us not be second-rate people, nor second-rate Jews for we can live in accordance with our
higher capacities.

Inge joins me in wishing you and yours a healthy, happy and fulfilling good year...as each of us strives to “do better.”

aS mys
‘SASh
BEST WISHES FOR THE NEW YEAR

MOVSOVITZ & SONS

OF FLORIDA, INC.

Wholesale Distributor of Fresh Fruits & Vegetables

- The Movsovitz Family - - The Chepenik Family - - The Markowitz Family -
Larry, Miriam, Craig, Max, Seth Alan, Lois, Bart, Jana Ernie, Lois, Scott, Howard

10 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Synagogue Administration

 

Isabel Balotin
Assistant Director

 

Eric Reiter
Executive Director

Brief Scope of Activities:

Religious Services — Traditional prayer services are held daily, morning and evening in the
Witten Chapel. Friday Family Services, Sabbath and holiday services are observed through-

out the entire year. Blanche Slott
y Social Services Director

 

Personal Religious Observances — Traditional Jewish customs are observed: Circumcision,
Naming of Girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat Mitzvah, Confirmation, Marriages, Con-
version to Judaism, Bereavement.

Education — Daily Kindergarten and Nursery & Day Care with outstanding programs of
secular and religious content. Hebrew school, carefully graded with intensive Hebrew content,
including Jewish history and customs, Sunday School for kindergarten, first and second
grades: Solomon Schechter Day School, a graded secular and Hebrew School, Ist through
7th grades; Hebrew High School, and Junior Congregations.

 

Extension Service — Library, outstanding collection of juvenile and adult Jewish books;
Adult Education, religious and cultural Jewish courses; music programs of religious and
cultural Jewish music; P.T.A.; Sisterhood; Family Council, Center Couples Club, social
activities provided by Mr. and Mrs. Club, Single Adults; Family Recreation Program, summer
weekdays and Sundays for all ages.

Inez Achord
Bookkeeper/Comptroller

Youth Activities — ATID for college age youth; United Synagogue Youth, Kadima,
Chalutzim, Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Girl Scouts, Brownies; Sunday Funday; athletics,
programs for youth and adults; Center Day Camp and summer program at our 36 acre site.

Family Recreation program - Center Campsite . . . swimming, athletics, snack bar;
available for members during the summer months. Campsite includes olympic-size swimming
pool, 2 tennis courts, baseball, soccer and football fields and playground.

 
 

Flissa Ziemba

For additional information, call the Center office — 268-6736. Rabbi Gaffneys Secretary

 

 

SSEVG

Florance Berman Claudia Morris Doreen Goodman Erda Starling
Circulation (volunteer) Receptionist Receptionist Food Service Assistant

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 11
lL Bee Furniture

It’s all at
Waterbed Galler Vy

Weekdays ......... 10-9
Saturday........... 10-6
BUA oc oa 12590-5

youll love it.

Charles & Evelyn Moskovitz
Buzzy & Paula Klausner

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

ge eee ? og Af ‘W
j Y ag af OES ind vy Fi sy
Co aA PTE, Of EE! Gi 3 :

 
 

 
 

 

Comfortable innerspring mattresses ina 4 Popular softside watermattresses has the A Quality electrics adjustable bed comes in

wide range of firmnesses. Including Sealy’s look of innerspring mattresses but sleeps all sizes. Priced much lower than those
famous Posturepedic. like a waterbed. Get the best of both —_ advertised on TV yet a better quality.

V worlds! Fits existing headboard.

 

ZZ LZ__LZZ
(Zz
u— A Wide range of waterbeds to
choose from. All priced to include
everything you'll need to get the
perfect nights sleep; everything
except the water.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

You'll be impressed at the wide selection of mi Ther e’s Norwalks special order progr am offer-
quality home furnishings throughout L Bee’s Hy ing hundreds of choices in styles & fabrics, and

attractive showroom. And even more . quick 30 day delivery. Find out for yourself the

impressed at the low prices high quality and great prices at
you ll find on every piece. L Bee Furniture & Waterbed Gallery

today!

 

 

 

10221 BEACH BLVD. 641-1333

12 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Message from the Executive Director

As we begin a New Year, we also begin a new partnership as my wife, Ilene, daughter
Allison and I become active new members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.

I look forward to meeting exciting new challenges, making new friends and becoming _
involved in a wonderfully active Jewish environment.

The Jacksonville Jewish Center has already set on a course of expansion and growth. I
plan to do all I can to further its development with leadership, organization and most
importantly-cooperation and participation from you—our members.

Ilene, Allison and I have already found the people of Jacksonville to be very warm and
friendly. We look forward to meeting all of you in the very near future. We would like to wish
you all a Healthy and Happy New Year.

 

Eric G. Reiter , ;
Executive Director Eric G. Reiter

Message from the Social Services Director

The past year has been a very exciting one in the history of the Center. Thanks to the
dedication and efforts of many volunteers and staff, the Center continues to grow and move
forward. All schools have outgrown the existing facilities.

It has been my privilege to be a part of this dynamic instruction for so many years as a
volunteer and as a member of the staff. However, I almost made a great mistake. I had
planned to retire as of June 1st. After much thought and re-evaluation, I realized that to
retire at this time would be a drastic move.

I would have missed the opportunity to be involved and be a party of the expansion
program to complete the Center. I would have missed the experience of working with Eric
Reiter, our new executive director.

 

But most of all, I would have missed the pleasure and satisfaction of advising, helping and
Blanche Slott catering your needs for Simchas, and at last having the time to expand the Center’s catering
and social services.

May the New Year be one of health and prosperity to all.
Blanche Slott

?

]

 
 
 

 
 

 

. CARPET &
Since 1951 VINYL CO.
ITALIAN & AMERICAN RESTAURANT 33 YEARS SERVING NORTH FLORIDA
FAMOUS FOR OUR ORIGINAL CREATION
BONELESS CHICKEN A LA PARMIGIANO — 3819 Main Street
ies Phone: 356-3366
Dining Room Banquets, Ege N jy Bhs
j — ormandy Boulevar
Catering & Take Out Service Phone: 786-9500
Open Daily 5:00 P.M. & Sunday 4:30 P.M. — 1601 University Boulevard, :
7300 Beach Blvd. Phone: 744-6611

Phone 725-1662 or 725-6677

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 13
14

 

 

From career wear and sports-
wear to evening wear... French
Novelty has all it takes to please
the tastes of even the most sophis-
ticated Fashion Palate! Choose
from a wide array of quality
brand-name designs by some of
your favorite makers, and at
some of your favorite prices.

Are you 5’4” and under? We
have your size with more than a
little style in our Petite Profiles
department. So come to French
Novelty for quality Fashions
with more than a touch of class!

ed french novelty

 

French Novelty and major credit cards welcome.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
President’s Message

Time is a relative aspect. While waiting for someone, or something, time drags interminably.
When looked back upon, time has Flown, and one often cannot understand how quickly things
have gone by. For young parents awaiting the birth of a child, or who want a full night’s sleep, time
drags by. For an older parent, or grandparent, time has left them wondering where everything and
everyone has gone. For the child who would not sleep yesterday, is the parent of a child who will
not sleep today.

The goals we set for ourselves, and the ideals, and promises that we hold for sometime in the
future very often are gone before we have had the opportunity to accomplish them, or to enjoy
them. For while we struggle day to day, time continues to elude us, and once used, can never be
returned.

And this is what Rosh Hashona and Yom Kippur are. A reawakening, and a reaffirmation that
each of us must take the time to reflect on what has escaped us during the past year. They are also
the reconfirmation that we still have time, if we only use it wisely, and do not allow it to pass
unused. We have the time to say thank you to our families, and our friends for all they have given
us in the past. We have the time to thank God for the blessings he has bestowed upon us the

 

 

blessings which we very often simply take for granted. We have the time to thank the many _ ss. L.
° ° e e 5 Gee ey j Zo OO ee
volunteers who have workec tirelessly for the Jacksonville Jewish Center in the myriads of ee

programs, and affairs, and schools, and all of the things that have made our Congregation so great. Eugene H. Kornblum
We have time to program and to work for all of those areas that need to be created and refined, and perfected, on behalf of our
Congregation. We have time to commit ourselves to give our time to the Center, and to our community, for the benefit of everyone,

including ourselves.
We have time, and we must take time to stop and evaluate all of the good that each of us could do, if only we would stop for a brief

moment and “Take Time”. |
Rosh Hashona and Yom Kippur are the points during our year in which we take time to reflect on what could have been, what should

have been, and what was.
I want to take this time to thank all of you—my family, friends, officers, Board members, volunteers, and members— for a wonderfully

exciting first year. | also want to take time to thank all of you for the wonderfully exciting upcoming year. For withall of us “Taking Time”
together, the Jacksonville Jewish Center will continue to resound as a house full of Blessings.
From my family to yours, may this High Holiday Season give you the “Time” to enjoy what God has given to us all. L Shona Tova.
Gene, Annetta, Craig, Paige, and Josh

eR Merrill Lynch
..- A Breed Apart

Serving all of your investment needs.

Charles M. Katz 121 West Forsyth Street
Financial Consultant Jacksonville, Florida 32202

904-634-6017
800-342-1519 FLWATS
800-874-8462 National WATS

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 15
Compliments
Chasee Distributors Inc.
Far East Brokers

Charles Zimmerman Seeman Zimmerman

SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE

18th & EVERGREEN AVENUE
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32206 PHONE 353-3694

16 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Past Presidents

 

 

Sheldon Gendzier

 
 

 

 
 
 

Charles Mizrahi

 

Ralph Mizrahi

 

Judge Louis Safer Philip Selber Jack Shorstein

Board of Trustees

 

Lewis Ansbacher Lawrence Jaffe Norman Moss Bernard Selevan
Joe Becker Melvin Jawitz Edwin Presser Hannah Setzer
Esther Chepenik Mickey Kramer Dr. Jack Rosner Sam Spevak

Ida Cohen Herbert Lewitt Dr. Nathan Schneider Ike Witten

Abe Diamond Dr. Milton Mann Minnie Schreiber Dr. Joe Witten
Carole Esman Lewis Meisel Hyman Selber

Henry Halpern Joseph Mizrahi

17
Jacksonville Jewish Center

 

Eugene Kornblum Joseph Honigman, M.D.
President Chairman of the Board

 

Mats, ”,
Sheila Jacobson Jeffery Morris Marsha Pollock
Vice-President Vice-President Vice-President

 

 

 

Eliot Safer o Leonard Setzer Wendy Honigman | Mitchell Perin
Vice-President Vice-President Secretary Treasurer

Center Receives Three Awards at the
Southeast Region Biennial Convention in Tampa

 

 

 

Pictured are L-R: Franklin Kreutzer, National President of United Accepting the awards on behalf of the Center
Synagogue; Ron Pollock, and Marsha Pollock, Center VP; Lawton are Gene Kornblum and Rabbi Dov Kentof.
Chiles, Florida Senator; Annetta Kornblum, and Gene Kornblum, Center

President. Not pictured, Wendy and Joe Honigman, Barbara and Eliot

Safer and Rabbi Dov Kentof.

18 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Board of Direc

Brian Benwick
Lawrence Bernard
Jack Bettman

Abe Bielski

Shirley Bielski

Paul Bloom

Robert Bossen
Marlene Bossen

Dr. Stephen Broadman
Joel Bressler
Sherwin Burman
Robert Cantor

Dr. Leo Davis

M. David Epstein
Janis Fleet

Robert Fleet

Carol Freedman
Ellen Freedman
Arlene Friedman-Zel
Jerry Funk ©

Harold Garber
Horty Gendzier
Bruce Glassman

Dr. Lawrence Goldberg
Ira Goldfield

Arthur Goldstein
Rhoda Goldstein

Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Alan Gordon

Renee Gordon

Allen Gray

Betty Gray

Dr. Michael Greenburg
Stuart Hecht

Bruce Horovitz

Dr. Sheldon Kaplan
Harriett Kaplan
Annetta Kornblum
Richard H. Kravitz
Robert Lipsky

Clara Mann

Jo Marks

Steven Meisel

Dr. Edward Millunchick
Dr. David Mizrahi

tors

Sonya Morris

Charles Moskovitz

Kenneth Organes

Jerry Portnoy

Martin Rosenberg

Dr. Neil Sager

Aaron Scharf

Michael Schneider

Simon Selber

Jack Selevan

Russell Selevan

Sandy Shapiro

Harry Shmunes

Mark Shorstein

S. R. Shorstein

Sylvia Shorstein

Jack Silverman

Judy Silverman

Dr. Mandell Stearman

Rita Stearman

Martin Steinberg

Randee Steinberg

Edward Tannen

Harry Verstandig

Dorothy Verstandig

Isidore Weiss

Daniel Wilensky

Bunny Witten

Sharon Witten

Evan Yegelwel

Dr. Bruce Yergin

Seeman Zimmerman

Special Board Members by
Invitation

Rabbi David Gaffney

Rabbi Dov Kentof

Eric Reiter, Executive Director
Cantor Emeritus Abraham Marton
Isabel Balotin, Board Liaison
Blanche Slott, Administ. Director
Marilyn Garber, Sisterhood Pres.
Evelyn Moskovitz, PTA President
Barbara Safer, Sister. Represent.
Merle Selevan, Sister, Represent.

Dr. Edward Mizrahi
Jack Mizrahi
Judy H. Mizrahi

 

|

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 19
The Jacksonville

 
 

FARMERS 3
MARKET _

You are invited to enjoy the
FRESHEST and WIDEST selection of

 

PRODUCE
in town... arriving FRESH DAILY!

— RETAIL — WHOLESALE — ae

— Since 1938 — re

es

Sr Qe ex

LOCATED AT THE BEAVER STREET VIADUCT oe - Qe
(904) 354-2821 See
1780 West Beaver Street Aa Sigs ss
Jacksonville, Florida 32209 oS ££ see

LY a ee ee

S QP & &

io BEAVER STREET FOopDS

 

Providing A Complete Line Of Fine Foods
— FROZEN — FRESH — DRY —
— KOSHER and GOURMET —

FOODSERVICE: (904) 354-5661
| 1741 West Beaver Street
P. O. Box 41430
Jacksonville, Florida 32203

FRESH SEAFOOD: Beaver Street Fisheries
(904) 388-7459
2677 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32205

20 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Daily Minyan

The mitzvah of daily prayer is an excellent way to start or end your
work day. There are a number of men and women who have been
attending regularly and are not necessarily only those who are in
mourning or observing a yahrzeit.

We urge everyone to attend these services as regularly as possible. In
doing so you not only provide yourself with inspiration and added
strength for proper living, but you also have an opportunity to provide
for those who are in need.

We thank the following minyan captains for their dedication.

 

Day a.m. p.m.
Sunday Philip Selber Nathan Shmunes
Monday Dr. Nathan Schneider Adam Jacobson
Dr. David Mizrahi
Tuesday Blanche Slott Martin Brauner
Jack Bettman
: | on Wednesday David Mazo Jack Silverman
«We thank the following men who served as Shabbat Thursday Seeman Zimmerman
usher Captains: Norman Moss Barney Margolin
Leon Schinasi, chairman: Harry Berman, DavidGold- Friday David Epstein Philip Selber
ring, Barney Margolin, Ken Organes, Marty Weisstein Saturday Philip Selber

and Evan Yegelwel.

Torah Reading Program

There is an interesting episode in the Book of Numbers (11:29) revealing Moses’ spirit
as a teacher. When Joshua complained about two of the newly-appointed leaders staying
in their tents, Moses replied, “would that all the Lord’s people were prophets, that the
Lord would put His spirit upon them.” Hertz comment: “This one saying:proves the
incomparable greatness of Moses’ character. When a man is really great and good he
longs that all should be as he is and better.”

The rabbis compare the reader of the Torah to Moses himself. Fortunately, we havea
large number of young people and adults from the various professions who participate in
all the readings, some who are able to do all the readings for particular occasions. We are
happy that they had the opportunity of sharing in Moses’ delight in transmitting the
Divine word. It is a mitzvah which carries its own reward. Ted Gross, Coordinator

 

 

Torah Readers for 1986-87

Dr. Neil Abramson, Jonathon Andriesse, Michael Aronsohn, Gregory Balotin, Larry Bernard, Ricky Bernard, Jack Bettman,
Bob Bossen, Joel Bressler, Raymond Cohen, Richie Davis, Moti Demri, Adam DePaul, Gary Gendzier, David Goldberg, Aaron
Goldschmidt, Aaron Gottlieb, Alex Greenbaum, Bruce Horovitz, Adam Jacobson, Burton Katz, David Lazarus, David Mass,
Ellis Mass, Steve Meisel, Alan Mizrahi, Dr. David Mizrahi, Dr. Edward Mizrahi, Ken Organes, Ricky Plotkin, Dr. Marco Rand,
Michael Schneider, David Schnipper, Steven Shapiro, Jack Silverman, Brent Trager, Nathan Weiss, Michael Weitzen.

Compliments

LEW ELECTRICAL SUPPLY COMPANY

LEW MEISEL, President

Phone 737-6623

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 21
. ine
Business Bank
Worth Another
oe LOOK!

lace are making a lot of noise about

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

being the best bank for your business.

But the best bank for any business Is
one that understands what business is all
about, particularly small business.

As alocal, community bank, Marine
National Bank is able to offer hands-on
banking services that can help start a new
business or enable established ones to
grow.

It's that tyoe of commitment, and not a lot
of hype, that makes our bank one To
consider for your business banking needs.

If youneed a business bank, call for an
appointment and ask to speak to the
President or Chairman of the Board.

Julia at Duval e 355-1642

22 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Simhat Torah Honorees

Reprinted from the Center Bulletin:

The Festival of Sukkot reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the holiday.

Because of Israel’s perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to in Jewish tradition as Israel’s “bride.” A tradition evolved
in ancient times to honor the individual called for the last reading of the Torah - the Hatan Torah “the Groom of the Torah.” The
person honored to begin the Torah reading from its beginning is called Hatan Beresheet “Groom of Genesis.” We also honor a
woman who has made a distinctive contribution to our synagogue and Jewish life.

We will honor these three individuals on Simhat Torah morning October 26. We extend a hearty mazel tov to our honorees and

their families.

 

W. Z. “Bill” Goldberg
Hatan Torah

Bill Goldberg has been a volunteer at the Center
for more than forty years.

He taught Sunday School for 17 years; served on
the Board of Directors for 25; was an active member
of the religious, education, membership and adult
education committees; is a past president of the
Center Men’s Club and Mr. and Mrs. Club; chair-
man of the Men’s Division (1956-57) of the Jewish
Community Council and is responsible for starting
one of the first havurot in Jacksonville.

Bill doesn’t brag except for his co-chairman-
ship of the Sunday evening minyan. “Can you
imagine,” he says, “we have never missed a
Minyan.”

The list could continue but what really makes Bill
So special is the warmth and friendliness he brings
to all his endeavors. His positive attitude, his unsel-
fishness and his devotion and concern for the Cen-
ter have earned him this honor on Simchat Torah.
The Center is his extended family, in fact, Bill is
everyone’s “grandfather.”

Weare proud that Bill was chosen to receive the
honor of “Hatan Torah.” His wife Grace; his daugh-
ters, Paula, Enid and Maxine and their families
share this joy.

May Goldie Stillman
Woman of Valor

In 1956, May Goldie Stillman became president of
Center Sisterhood. During her term the “wheel”
was initiated - a system still used today whereby the
functions of each vice-president are divided into an
organized pattern. Other highlights were the re-
decorating of the auditorium and the groundbreak-
ing for the religious school on 3rd and Silver.

May Goldie grew up at the Center and attended
all the religious schools. As an adult she recalls
spending many hours in the Center kitchen cooking
for Sisterhood activities and holiday celebrations.
While her children were young, she devoted most of
her volunteer energy to Girl Scouts and Brownies.

Now, she enjoys her Sunday visits to the Center
where she manages the Tofield collection of the
Henry Kramer Library and serves as co-chairman
of the Library committee.

We are grateful to May Goldie for sharing her
very special talents; her leadership ability, and so
much of her time for the betterment of the congre-
gation.

Our Woman of Valor is a devoted wife, mother,
and grandmother.

We share this simha with her husband, Sidney;
her children Barbara, Cynthia, Susan and Arnold;
her eight grandchildren and other members of the
family.

Jacksonville Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
Jacksonville, Fla.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

Wilbur Margol
Hatan Beresheet

To say Wilbur Margol is a man with keen fore-
sight would be an understatement. It was during his
presidency (1970-72) that the Center’s present site
was found and purchased. He realized, along with
other Center leaders, that the Jewish community
was moving away from the city toward the south.

Money had to be raised, attitudes changed and
challenges met, and our honoree was there in the
forefront - soliciting and encouraging the congrega-
tion and reassuring everyone that the inove was
necessary.

After his presidency he assumed the chairman-
ship of the Building Fund - and was determined to
complete the task.

The Center is indebted to Wilbur for his tireless
efforts and devotion to the congregation.

Our Hatan Beresheet was there in the beginning
to lead the congregation as he will be on the Simhat
Torah for another beginning.

Sharing “Muttie’s” honor are his wife, Marilyn; his
children; Lonnie, Rodney, Kim and Wendy; and
other members of the family.

 

23
Campaign to Complete

Just as success dictated the relocation of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center in the early 1970’s, success today dictates
the enhancement of the Center to insure its service in the
years to come.

We are, quite simply, participants in our own tradition
of success. The building we created more than a dozen
years ago has served us well. Within its walls, we have
grown in numbers and prospered in the perpetuation of
our Jewish life and the education of our young. Now it is
time to move ahead again, to expand our dimensions to
match our growth and to refurbish our facilities to the
quality of newness we once enjoyed.

To accomplish this we have embarked ona $3,100,000

 

campaign which will carry us to the threshold of the 21st Century. It is a campaign which is based on proven need and
itis one which will benefit us all. It will benefit our children for generations to come and it will benefit all in Jacksonville

with whom we share our Jewish heritage.

Ten Compelling Reasons for the $3.1 Million
Building Fund Campaign

 

Expansion of Lobby and Living

Contributors Wall
The front lobby must be expanded to accommodate persons
entering the building when large attendances are experienced
and at times of inclement weather. Included in the
construction will be a covered portico to protect automobile
passengers as they enter and leave the building. The
expanded lobby will permit the erection of a permanent Living
Contributor’s Wall, which will acknowledge all contributions
from past and present building fund campaigns.

Additional Classrooms and Expansion

of School Administrative Facilities
A conservative analysis of the school program shows a
proven need for three new classrooms for kindergarten
through the third grade. A new administrative wing also is
needed for the five school programs: Child Care, Day School,
Afternoon Hebrew School, Sunday School, and Hebrew
High. Space is needed for offices; for a conference room and
lounge, and for storing books and supplies.

24

Expansion of General Administra-

tive Facilities
The space now occupied by the school office will be merged
with the present general administrative area and will be
expanded further when the lobby is enlarged. The existing
lack of space—whether it be the study for the Rabbi, an area
for the finance department, proper working areas for
secretaries, or an office for an executive director—greatly
hampers the efficient administration of the center.

 
 

 

Development of Social Activities Center

A pressing need exists for space to handle small
meetings and social events attended by 10 to 100 persons. To
meet this need, four rooms will be built along the exterior of
the Setzer Courtyard. The rooms will have movable partitions
so that they can be combined when necessary. The area will
be linked on one end with a corridor to the kitchen and on
the other with a corridor to the main lobby. The social
activities wing will also house a renovated bridal room and
youth lounge. The relocation of the youth lounge from the
education wing will make the lounge more acessible and will
free space in the education wing for additional classrooms.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
the Jacksonville Jewish Center

 

 

Creation of Memorial Hall

When the sanctuary was completed five years ago, the
old memorial plaques were removed and were to be replaced
by pylons at the main entry to the sanctuary. The design of
the pylons proved to be unsound and unusable. The Yahrzeit
tablet plaques were placed in the promenade near the Witten
Chapel. This promenade will become the permanent
Memorial Hall and will house a new wall upon which the
Yahrzeit tablets will be permanently placed. A new electrical
system will provide appropriate lighting.

Child Care Facility

The increasing enrollment in the pre-school and day
care programs necessitated the construction of this facility on
an emergency basis. Our children and grandchildren now
benefit from modern classrooms. The funds for the project,
which were borrowed on a short term basis, must now be
repaid.

Roadway Improvements

Roadways linking the Center with Crown Point Road
and San Jose Boulevard need improvement as do the parking
areas. Signage and landscaping also need upgrading to
enhance the image of the synagogue and to assist visitors.

Noise Control and Sound System

The noise control facilities which were called for in the
original design of the building were omitted for cost reasons.
The expanded use of the building now necessitates noise
control improvements. The location of the public address
speakers in the synagogue also must be modified.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

Bud Shorstein

The general “Campaign to
Complete the Jacksonville
Jewish Center” was launched
Sunday evening, August 30. The
successful evening began with
cocktails and hors d’oeuvres
followed by a campaign update
by chairmen Leonard Setzer and
Jack Selevan. Our new executive director, Eric Reiter, and
his wife Ilene were officially introduced and welcomed.

The highlight of the evening was Laurie DuBow’s enter-
taining slide presentation of Bud
Shorstein’s life. In appreciation for
his devoted service to the
congregation, Laurie presented Bud
with an original lithograph.

Eric & Ilene

 

 

Rehabilitation of Present Building

Some portions of the present facility have not been
refurbished or even repainted since the building was
completed in 1975. The carpets are badly worn; the drywalls
need repainting, and the wall coverings need replacing. Two
of the main sections of the building need new roofing. New
equipment and furnishings are also needed for the
administrative, educational and youth departments.
J Additional Storage Areas

The increased number of books, tables, chairs and

other equipment for our growing needs requires additional
storage space.

Your generosity will
help us meet
tomorrow’s challenges TODAY!

25
 
 

WE DONT

UT CORNERS.

WE ONLY CUT PRICES.
250% to 6C% off what you'd
pay in other fine stores.

“We Care for Your Carpet”

 

Droc css HERB TOLLESON

President

YWastere (904) 725-0440

CARPET DYEING @ TINTING @ CLEANING
POWER JET EXTRATION

1832 Foster Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32216

26 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Performing Artist Series
1986-87

WOW — WHAT A SEASON! In September 1986, the Jacksonville Jewish Center launched its most spectacular Series
ever with the high energy performance of Mike Burstyn, an extraordinary singer, dancer and showman. It was
non-stop laughter in November as commedian Sy Kleinman presented the sold-out-audience with an evening of
side-splitting stories and jokes. The excitment continued with a Purim concert by the musically versatile and

thoroughly enjoyable Fabrangen Fiddlers.

BIN

MIKE BURSTYN FABRANGEN FIDDLERS

Singer-entertainer extraordinaire Chassidic music for Purim fun

 

SY KLEINMAN

A master of Jewish wit and humor

 

We are grateful to the Performing Artist Committee: Eleanore Dorman, Joan Levin, Peggy Organes,
Martha Savage, Debra Setzer, Cathy Yergin and Chairwoman, CAROL FREEDMAN, who devoted
their time and talents to making this a successful project.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers aa
The Jacksonville Jewish

Member of Women’s League
“For Everything There is a

 

OFFICERS 1987-88

President
Marilyn Garber

Vice Presidents:

Programming
Shirley Bielski

Education
Edith Horovitz

Membership
Esther Fishler

Ways and Means
Kathy Osterer

Youth

Karen Zimmerman

Corresponding Secretary
Marlene Bossen

Recording Secretary
Phyllis Goldberg

Financial Secretary
Jane Grann

Social Secretary
June Shenkman

Treasurer
Merle Selevan

Parliamentarian
Marsha Pollock

Budget Advisor-Barbara Safer
Nom. Comm. Ch.-Isabel Balotin

Nancy Cohen, Ruth Dobrin, Liz Gart-
ner, Horty Gendzier, Grace Goldberg,
Eunice Gross, Kathryn Hackel, Wendy
Honigman, Clara Jafee, Jeanette Kel-
ler, Gertrude Kramer, Hilda Lewitt,
Clara Mann, Elsie Meyerhoff, Nancy
Mizrahi, Peggy Organes, Rhonda Pas-
sink, Becky Perlman, Gert Rosenblatt,
Esther Rosenblum, Bonnie Sandler,
Janie Sang, Roselyn Selber, Beth Shor-
stein, Jean Weinberg, Sylvia Weiss,
Sophie Witten, Elissa Ziemba.

Shalom,

Welcome back to another fantastic, fun-
filled, and educational year in Sisterhood. |
can say this because of our previous year.
Each and every one of our members contribut-
ed to making it such a successful one. I want
to thank my board for all their hard work. It
resulted in record number attendances
at our meetings and events. A special thanks
to you, our general membership, for being
there whenever I called for your advice, help,
and support of our Sisterhood. We have
shown that the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Sisterhood is ours and how much we can
accomplish.

As we continue with our National Theme,
“For Everything There Is a Season and a
Time...” Kohelet 3.1, the time is now. Women’s

iy

 

League of Conservative Judaism will be celebrating her 70th anniversary. Help us celebrate
throughout the year. Help us boost our enrollment even more — which now totals 552. Help
us have another banner year with your involvement. Help us continue our Tradition of

Success!
May you have a good and healthy year.

L’Shonah Tovah

NRG

 

I'm a Sisterhood Member and I’m Proud!
28 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Center Sisterhood

for Conservative Judaism

Season and A Time”
Kohelet 3:1

Liz Gartner’s lasagna was enjoyed by Pearl Mass,
Estelle Selber and reba Schwager.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

Zee
ee
ie fis

i

 
 
 

ie
ee
oe

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

_
ee ee eB g
-_

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

ee

SM

a
Ce
oD oe

es ee

 

 
 

 

 
 
 

Isabel Balotin, Dot Verstandig & Grace Goldberg
have the “Answers” for the Kentofs at Paid-up
Membership.

We enjoyed the questions asked by Kvetch DeMaman,

Mona Lisenbaum, and Bubalah Won Ton Sue. —

SS

We'l never forget Barbara Walterstein interviewing Our V.P. Cathy Osterer presenting the
ee ey Mama Bauabuster in “The Joys of Fressing” “Balloon-U-Cation Grand Prize to Dorothy
Cohen

=

‘
:
‘
:
‘
=
oy
=

 

A lovely day, lovely luncheon and lovely ladies, Ann Shmunes,

 

_ ; & Evelyn Mizrahi and Molly Rubinstein.
Florida Branch Conference-Center Sisterhood Branch
Veep Kathy Osterer and her Balloon- delegates: Barbara Safer, Branch vice-president for
U-cation for Education co-chairmen, education; Marsha Pollock, immediate past president
Karen Zimmerman and Carla Bernard. of Branch; Wendy Honigman, Soviety Jewry chairman.

 

=
‘
‘
>
\
\
X

 

SS 3

What's kosher and what isn’t? Ask...Ruth Dobrin,
Sisterhood meetings are always well attended. Grace Goldberg, Iris Hill, Beth Shorstein, Peggy
Organes, Marsha Pollock or Shirley Bielski.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 29
... BECAUSE YOUR HOME SAYS
tat SO MUCH ABOUT YOU...

IN SAN JOSE

 

 

PL As
La
ar
Oat

re

io
ae
ig
Oy errr 5 Pee? Pg a
 — ae oo oF, , . ‘
Bey a Meee Hanae SH MW 7 '%

A a NY wu re.
oN \\ Ys ey i

IPT TE

| iat A
Lae

= Laren epi"

oT
p
G pa
Sy
Y
{

ioe Se
mo NSE RR FAN ne RAR et ult roe canna cu i Psa oe
ed u 7
PAE ty wiles: Sunnie yt : ri | ene mame
ae on ONY a ad Tie ai aime

ae
ag

SS
¢
; —_
Ny “
ye
. Le
Leh
aa

 

th porn

The Lancaster model is just one of the many beautiful brick veneered homes available in
BRIERWOOD with many more under construction. The Lancaster offers 1875 square feet of living
area. Features include three bedrooms, two baths, formal living room, formal dining room, kitchen
with all wood cabinets and built-in-appliances, breakfast nook, family room with cathedral ceiling and
fireplace, inside laundry area, a bonus room for your specific needs, double-car garage with storage
area, sodded front and side yard, sidewalks and underground utilities. This is an energy efficient home
with heat pump and double insulated windows. BRIERWOOD is located in the Southside of
Jacksonville between U.S. 1 and San Jose Blvd. BRIERWOOD is a totally planned community with
schools, churches, shopping and a swim and tennis club within walking distance from each home.
Convenient to downtown, 15 minutes via the expressway (I-95) and 20 minutes from the beaches via J.
Turner Butler Blvd. BRIERWOOD BUILDERS, INC., a member of Home Owners Warranty, Inc.,
offers a 10 year warranty for the homeowner and has been the exclusive builder in the subdivision for
25 years, thus assuring conformance with an overall set of high standards. Priced from the mid 70’s.

DIRECTIONS: San Jose Blvd., East on Baymeadows Rd., Right on Craven Rd., Left on
Rathbone Dr., Right on Latimer Rd. W., to Model Home.

FRA MELTON, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES
Realtor MLS 733-2888

EQUAL HOUSING HOME OWNERS WARRANTY
1826 University Boulevard West Models
Jacksonville, Florida 32217 Open 10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m.
24-Hour Telephone Service Daily

Or By Appointment

30 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Henry Kramer Library & Kesource Center

A gift by Dr. and Mrs. Herbert Kehr of the 18 volume set of Salo Wittmayer
Baron’s A Social and Religious History of the Jewwas presented to the Henry
Kramer Library in honor of Mrs. Henry Kramer. They are beautifully dis-
played in the Library Reading Room.

Two beautifully embossed prints by artist Michael Barooshian entitled
“Samson” and “Saul” were presented to the Library by the Confirmation
Class of 1986.

A poster “Precious Legacy” was donated by Rambusch, interior designer of
our Synagogue.

The tasteful and elegant books and pictures have added more beauty to our
Library. They were arranged by Hermine Newman and Blanche Slott.

May Goldie Stillman, Co-chairman of the Library Committee, was honored
on Simhat Torah as a “Woman of Valor” for her splendid work at the Library.
She has devoted many service hours to the Library. She is joined every
Sunday by Diane Fages and Belle Gendzier. Their assistance is invaluable.

The Solomon Schechter School presented a plaque to the Chairman,
Minnie Schreiber, for the Committee’s assistance on maintaining the Day
School Library. Belle Gendzier is the chief assistant in this achievement.

The Reading Circle is in its third year. The books they are reading are
available in the Tofield Room of the Library. Synagogue members are urged to
join and enjoy the many new books available in the Tofield collection.

“Book-A-Bration” project of Solomon Schechter P.T.A., headed
by Susan Millunchick, has added many new titles to the Solomon Schechter
Day School Library.

The Library is open every Sunday from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 Noon. The
Library cart is available once a month after Services on Shabbat. There is a
good book for everyone in your Library. Check one out the next time you are
at the Center.

— Minnie Schreiber

The Library is a perfect place to relax and read current
Jewish periodicals.

 
 
 

‘come addition to our ever-expanding libraries.

Committee
Chairman. : i -<...’ weeeeeeeseee Minnie Schreiber
Co-chairmen ©. -vs.<0..<......s 5... = Diane Fages.&
May Goldie Stillman — Belle Gendizer — Linda Bressler
— Marsha Pollock
Library‘Cart 7... ieecstcessan,s Lillian Meizik

Jay Aronson
Judaica Collection ...... pS pee er ae oe
Rita Gendizer — Hermine Newman — Florence Schreiber
Treasurer Roslyn Selber

 

 

Cie

A Social and Religious History of the Jews is a wel-

Best Wishes for a Healthy and Happy New Year

Soforenko Real Estate

and

Insurance Agency

4700 San Jose Manor, Drive W.
Jacksonville, Florida 32217

137-3363

AUTO ¢ HOME

 

BUSINESS e LIFE

Insuring Jacksonville for over 30 years with dependable and trustworthy

service.

737-5363

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 31
32

 

 
 
 
 

La Cienda
Jewelry

Nothing else
feels like real gold.

 

6061 ST. AUGUSTINE ROAD

Visit our Jewelry boutique which
features antique as well as contemporary
“Karat Gold Jewelry,”

designed by the finest craftsmen.

Be more beautiful with “real” gold jewelry.
For a complete selection of 14 karat

gold chains, bracelets, charms, earrings,
rings, diamonds, etc. — stop by our shop.

6059 St. Augustine Road

731-5688

JAY and PERLA
GRAFF

AND THEIR STAFF — Pat, Sharon, Olene,
Francine, Laura and MANICURIST Lillian.
EXTEND A CORDIAL INVITATION TO
ALL THEIR REGULAR CUSTOMERS, AND
WELCOME NEW FRIENDS TO VISIT AND
ENJOY THE SPARKLING AND ELEGANT
SURROUNDINGS.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

“The river of life . . . flows from birth toward death. Day follows day with wearisome monotony. Only
the holidays twine themselves together to form the circle of the year. Only through the holidays does

99

life experience the eternity of the river that returns to its source. Then life becomes eternal.

F. Rosenzweig

33
Southeastern Pension Services, Inc.

@e DESIGN, INSTALLATION AND ADMINISTRATION
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

e PREPARATION OF GOVERNMENTAL REPORTS AND
REQUIRED DISCLOSURE INFORMATION FOR PENSION AND
PROFIT SHARING PLANS.

e PENSION ACTUARIES

e CONSULTING ACTUARIES

e ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLANNING CONSULTANTS

e INSURANCE AGENTS

e ACTUARIAL CERTIFICATION OF PENSION PLANS

— TOTAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLANNING —

MARTIN ROSENBERG RUTH F. FREW

Fellow, American Society of Pension Actuaries Fellow, American Society of Pension Actuaries |
Member, American Academy of Actuaries Member, American Academy of Actuaries
President Vice-President

1617 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD
P. O. BOX 5070
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32207
399-3650

34 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

 

 

> A. Jf eX
fn w

 

Bill Goldstein can’t believe it. He won the $7,500
grand prize. Raffle chairmen, Alan Gordon and

 

 

big

Saturday, March 28, 1987

Jan and Bruce Glassman and Kathy and Morrie
Osterer left the kids at home to have fun at the

 

 

 

 

bE

 

The circus mimes encouraged everyone to dance.

Rhonda Passink assure Bill that it is his ticket. Center’s Circus.

ue

 
 

 
 
 

WOME

AK °° ™ bl

SQ

Winners

Congratulations to the lucky raffle winners: Grand
prize - Beverly and Bill Goldstein; $1000 - Evan
Yegelwel/Thomas Brown; VCR - Isidore Weiss;
$500 -Phyllis Portnoy; $300 - John Pappas; $200
-Sheryl and Ken Sekine, Arthur Thilem/Ben Klein;
Shirley and Abe Bielski, Carolyn and Nate Krestul;
$100 - Ike Witten.

Mary and Martin Wolf enjoy cotton candy.

BIG TOP

 

Edith and Bruce Horovitz enjoy an evening out.

Workers

Appreciations to Rhonda Passink and Alan Gor-
don, chairmen of the successful raffle. Our top
ticket sellers were: Kenneth Bowden, Esther
Fishler and Alan Gordon. The colorful and cheer-
ful decorations were created by: Isabel Balotin,
Gayle Bailys, Marilyn Garber, Jane Grann, Rhoda
Goldstein, Wendy Honigman, Evelyn Heneson,
Kathy Osterer and daughters, Barbara Safer, June
Shenkman and Drew, Ina Taffet, Karen and Scott
Zimmerman. The catering was coordinated by
Blanche Slott. We thank all the ticket sellers and
buyers for their support of our educational
programs.

 

@ DISPOSABLES
e PAPER
@ DISPENSERS

INSTITUTIONAL
PACKAGING MATERIAL
MOTEL-RESTAURANT

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

610 EAST 10th STREET

(P.O. BOX 3224)
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32206
PHONE (904)355-2592

e TOWELS & TISSUE
e JANITORIAL
e CUPS, BAGS

For all your sanitary maintenance, restaurant
supplies & equipment, paper, packaging, and
disposables

 

35
 
 
 
 

"Well trained staff
available to assist you
in anyway possible.

Quality name brand
Furniture for your home, office or patio

For Center Members Only... Deduct
Over 67,000 square feet of quality

name brands like Pennsylvania
b, QO House, Lane, Hickory Craft, <<< —
Sealy bedding and more. ier

the regular retail price

 
 
 
 

 

Remember if your looking for great furniture then come to the great furniture place!
11173 Beach Blvd.
Just west of St. Johns Bluff
641-0822
10830 San Jose Blvd.
Just south of I-295
262-2577

 
 
 
 
 
 

FINE FURNITURE FOR 37 YRS.

36 Mentton the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Pictured:

Front row (l-r): Marilyn Mass, Clara Mann,
Margaret Fleet, Ceil Bressler, Peggy Organes,
Iris Hill, Sherree Spriggs, Gertrude Brown, Liz
Gartner. Choir Director - Ruth Dobrin.

Middle row (l-r): Joel Bressler, Joan Puldy,

Cynthia Weintraub, Ruth Jacobson, Hannah

Rosenberg, Judy Geller, Pollie Copans, Abba
Safer.

= : “ae “% _ Back row (l-r): Raymond Cohen, Rick Bernard,
: Henry Lasris, Leo Moskovitz, Charles Mizrahi,
Stephen Solomon, Dr. David Mizrahi.

Our appreciation to the choir for enhancing our
holdiay services throughout the year.

 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

oO

3

 

 

Cantor Eliot
Vogel, the guest
artist, thrilled the
audience with his
repetoire.

Cantor Emeritus
Abraham Marton
plans a beautiful
concert every
spring.

 

Children of the Center schools complement the
Center Choral Society and Carter Nice Jr. Chorus.

congratulations trom

 
 
 

oy! enjoy! ye Oy! enjoy
/! enjoy! aA Zalas v! enjoy!
| enjoy! enjoyrernjey: enjoy! enjoy! é€

enjoy! enjoy! enjoy! enjoy! enjoy! en

Nnjoy! enjoy! the enjoy! enjoy! en
joy! enjoy Very best. njoy! enjo
yy! enjoy! enjoy! enjoy! enjoy! enjoy
Posnock TKosher Foods, Qne. seat new senser oo

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 37

 

 
 

to follow.

As your family grows, life
can get pretty complicated. So
you need insurance that isn’t.
You need Independent Life.

Talk to your Independent
Life Agent today, and find out
how insuring a growing family
can be simple child’s play.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

(ay

Interest Rates [oo Low???

Let us help you with your financial needs
for the New Year

Prudential-Bache Securities, Inc.
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen
Jonathan D. Schlackman

Vice Presidents cae
Member Investments 904-398-2211
NYSE 1300 Gulf Life Dr., Suite 508 Nat. 800-874-4402
NASD Jacksonville, Florida 32207 FL. 800-342-0689

38 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
ADULT EDUCATION

During the year 1986-87, the Adult Education committee met often and worked diligently to provide an inspiring and informative
program for adults. Chaired by Bob Lipsky, the committee included: Ellen and Neil Abramson, Jay Aronson, Marlene and Bob
Bossen, Linda and Joel Bressler, Phyllis and Larry Goldberg, Chary and Michael Greenburg, Sharon Kessler, Gail Kodner, Clara
Mann, Susan and Ed Millunchick, Judy and David Mizrahi, Judy and Ed Mizrahi, Robin Morris, Eliot Safer, Florence Schreiber,
Ilene Schinasi, Minnie Schreiber, Dot and Harry Verstandig, Mary Zimmerman.

SHABBATON WEEKEND 1986

featuring Dennis Prager

The Shabbaton presented by the Adult Education Committee on November 21 and
22, was a thought provoking experience shared by Jews of all ages and backgrounds.
Dennis Prager, the speaker for this event, delivered a series of insightful talks followed by

spirited question and answer sessions. Participants were challenged to re-examine their
Saeed Jewish values in light of the increasingly tolerant social climate in 20th century America.
oncontemporary society, Dennis ~My Prager touched on a broad spectrum of topics ranging from the need for God’s

Prager, was the guest lecturer at
the Center’s annual Shabbaton

Weekend, November 21-22, the existence, to the threat to human rights posed by Communism.

Case for Judaism in the Late 20th It was gratifying to see such large numbers in attendance at all the
sessions, and to hear the positive responses to Dennis Prager and to
this type of program.

The success of this shabbaton indicates a growing need for
intellectual stimulation of a religious nature. It is the goal of the Adult
Education Committee to continue to provide experiences of this
depth and quality.

‘. We look forward to another Shabbaton weekend this fall. Please

Shabbaton chairmen, Judy and David Mizrahi and Susan and Ed Millunchick, Sie
planned a very inspiring weekend with Dennis Prager. join us.

SETZER-LEVIT MEMORIAL LECTURE
April 5 & 6, 1987

The Setzer Levit Memorial Lecture is an endowment to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center by Leah Setzer Levit and Milton Levit in memory of their fathers, Benjamin
Setzer and Joe Levit. This annual event gives the Jacksonville Jewish community
the opportunity to learn and discuss Jewish issues and concerns.

 
 

 

 

 

 

This year, Dr. Stephen Whitfield,
author, scholar and lecturer, and history
professor at Brandeis University, was
the guest speaker. On Sunday evening
Dr. Whitfield presented an amusing

 

 

Thanks to the efforts of Dr. Neil Abramson, we were able to enjoy a

1 i & 1 visit from Dr. Fred Rosner, physician and Jewish medical ethics
i sade lecture, F Is a a Dr. ee lecture, — Values oe the oe
oO ern Medicine” was enlightening and informative. Picture
ee eee SS (Ilr) Dr. Neil Abramson, Rabbi David Gaffney and Dr. Fred
Should Ask.” Rosner.

On Monday morning, Dr. Whitfield
gave a provocative assessment of Charles
Silberman’s book, A Certain People:
American Jews and Their Lives.

 

 

Dr. Rosner presents copy of his book. Modern Medicine and
Jewish Ethics, to Library Chairman Minnie Schreiber.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 39
_Blosam Contractors
Building Client Satisfaction!

Oo

Ox

rere 0 0.+ 0 + o'p,0 oes Ae!

 

ae ; Ramen ; : maosacacarececenetetatecsectrecesecesetensreest Se MANION Cr PN Linn More eae ean as seceleletecccetetecetetoterscccelaiatesel case colltesetasstes seeMpasstageesterseseecasnreenesarseseseety
Lakepointe Office/Warehouse-Florida Interstate South Business Center-Florida Marco Office & Warehouse-Florida
For Thomas F. Jones and For Commercial Realty & Development For Marco Equipment Company
Equitable Life Assurance Division of FEC Railway Co. World Headquarters

es

Bridgewater Apartments-Florida VAMC Tuscaloosa, Alabama
For The Development Group For The Veterans Administration

Ocean Forest Plaza-South Carolina Jekyll Club-Georgia
For Leon N. Weiner

 

Entelechy II-Georgia
For John C. Portman, Jr. For Southeastern Development Group

PROFESSIONALS BUILDING QUALITY PROJECTS

BLOSAM CONTRACTORS, INC.

CONTACT: PHILIP BLOOM

VICE PRESIDENT, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
P.O. BOX 17157 « JACKSONVILLE, FL 32245
TELEPHONE (904)733-3200

Florida License No. CGC036197

 

40 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

Jacksonville Jewish Center Blood Drive

Many years ago the Center established a blood
bank for its members. The purpose of the annual
blood drive is to replenish the Center’s supply. This
year’s response was overwhelming. More than 50
pints were donated. Our thanks to Ron Pollock for
coordinating the drive and our appreciations to all
the donors.

If you wish to donate blood during the year,
contact the Jacksonville Blood Bank and please
have your donation credited to the Center’s account.

 

 

Ron Pollock and Gene Kornblum pose in front of mobile unit which was
stationed on our lot.

 

Donating blood was a breeze for Sol Proctor and Bernie Randee & Marty Steinberg are happy to donate, even at
Heneson. 8:30 in the morning.

Announcing Joel’s Book

Nutrition - the Case of Misplaced Emphasis
This informative book offers new ideas about A.I.D.S., alcohol, Alzheimer’s disease,
arteriosclerosis, artificial sweetners, arthritis, caffeine, cancer, cholesterol, Crohn’s disease,
dental cavities, diabetes, emphysema, endocrine gland system, eye diseases, fluorides, food
preservatives, fruits, gout, high blood pressure, lupus, osteoporsis, skin diseases, tobacoo,
trigylcerides, vegetables, weight control and many other subjects.

If you haven’t already obtained an autographed copy of this 208 page book, we now offer it at a
10% discount, only to the readers of the Center Yearbook. Total cost is $9.00 plus .45 sales tax and
$1.00 for postage and handling.

JOEL’S PHARMACY

1268 Edgewood Avenue West |
(near Lem Turner Road)
Telephone 764-4503

Open Mon-Fri 9-5:30 Joel V. Bressler
Never on Hebrew nay Pharmacist-Owner

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 41
A ewell

and Sar

runecral Homes
Northside Southside
4747 Main Street MEMBER BY ; NATIONAL 4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32206 INVITATION ey anc Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 355-9545 Phone 737-4855

George H. Hewell INDEPENDENT ® INTERNATIONAL George H. Hewell Il

FLORIDA WILBERT, INC.

5050 New Kings Koad Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
Jacksonville, Florida 32209 And Other Fine Burial Products

In Memory of Very Dear
In Memory of Husband & Father

Bernie

NAT GOLD

Anne Moscovitz
& Children
Charles & Evelyn

Rose Lee Gold Paula & Buzzy

 

In Memory of My Husband
Albert

In Memory of

Mrs. Celia Bressler

 

Dr. Harry Yergin
Pauline &

In Loving Memory of

 
 
 
 

ks hei, Judah Bono
ee His wife, Eloise, Children
Max & Sid Mack and Grandchildren

 
 

In Memory of

Mildred Shafner
and
Bessie & Manny Goldstein

42 Mention the Conte Yearbook When Santina Our Advertisers

Mrs. Harry “Rudy” Yerain

 
Youth
On The Move!

 

Teens Travel to Israel and Poland

Jacksonville teens spent the summer traveling through
Poland and Israel with tours sponsored by United Synagogue
of America and the Jacksonville Jewish Federation.

Israel and Poland Tour: David Bielski, Randy Figur,
Daniel Goldfield, Shari Goldschmidt, Arnie Harrison, Burton
Katz, Rachel Kossoff, Alan Mizrahi, Dennis Mizrahi, Danny
Moses, Jacob Sall, Valerie Singer, Julie Snitzer, Sheri
Trager, Jennifer Verstandig, Carey Wolchok, Chaperone-
Isaac Lakritz.

Ramah in Israel: Cheryl Bossen. USY Israel Pilgrimage:
Beth Greenburg and Ricky Plotkin.

 

New York Teen Experience

Center teens and other Jewish youth of Jacksonville
enjoyed a trip to New York: Arnie Harrison, Ross Jeneff,
Adam Pankin, Merrill Warschoff, Melissa Broadman, Tali
Kentof, Beth Greenburg, Cheryl Bossen, David Goldfield,
Richie Davis, Lisa Solomon, Randy Figur, Dennis Mizrahi,
Ricky Plotkin, Bonnie Camen, Paulette Schwab, Steven
Shapiro, Elka Bendit, Colman Brodsky. Chaperones-Isaac

Lakritz, Rabbi and Mrs. Dov Kentof.

 

College Students:
“Keeping in Touch”

The Center keeps in touch
with its college-age youth through
the college mailing program and
visits from Rabbi Gaffney and
Rabbi Kentof during the year.

Get togethers are planned
during the spring, summer and
winter breaks. Pictured are teens
enjoying a Bagel Brunch at the

home of Jill and Cindy Gold-
stein.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 43
“Jo Perpetuate the Memory
of Your Loved Ones...

 

78 Years of Outstanding Service
us reasonable prices are your assurance of satisfaction

UTHERN MONUMENT CO., INC.

FRANCHISED DEALER OF GEORGIA MARBLE MEMORIALS

Special attention given to Hebrew Inscriptions

DR. JAMES L. JENNINGS, President
JOHN B. BERGERON, Manager

4500 MAIN STREET at 35th ST. PHONES 356-4714 — 356-8529
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32206

44 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
INTO HIS HAND I COMMIT MY SPIRIT

Judith Lieberman
August 29, 1986
Los Angeles, CA

Edythe Nabin Wilson
October 2, 1986

Dr. Jerome Goldin
October 2, 1986
New York

Lillian Presser
October 18, 1986

Esther Garber
October 26, 1986
Portland, Maine

Nat Gold
November 8, 1986

Fay Adler
November 8, 1986
Hallendale, FL

Rae Silke
November 18, 1986
South Africa

Joseph Silverman
November 18, 1986
Gainesville, FL

Bernard Stegman
November 24, 1986

Rae Goldin
December 11, 1986

Florence Nabin Grossberg
December 18, 1986

Gertye S. Goldstein
December 20, 1986

Benjamin Rutsky
December 24, 1986

Yetta Kaufman
January 5, 1987
London, England

Jeanne Edelman
January 11, 1987
Ormond Beach, FL

Kasil Jaben
January 11, 1987
Kansas City, Missour

Olga Sherrel
January 15, 1987

Sophie Sherman Fleet
January 25, 1987

Joseph Alpert
February 3, 1987

Maxine Weinstein
February 9, 1987
Houston, TX

Philip Mosias
February 16, 1987
Miami, FL

Jerome Berkowitz
February 20, 1987
Denver, Colorado

Debra Lynn Katz
March 3, 1987

Anna Ewer
March 17, 1987

Alise Held
March 19, 1987

DEARLY DEPARTED

Doris Risman
March 22, 1987
Boston, MA

Isaac Zimmerman
April 2, 1987

Norman Greenbaum
April 10, 1987

Shelby Trager
April 13, 1987

Nathan Braslau
April 14, 1987
Galveston, TX

Evelyn Kopet
April 18, 1987
Bal Harbour, FL

Sidney Goldblatt
April 27, 1987

Nathan Newman
April 28, 1987

Robert Gamse
May 1, 1987

Max Becker
May 9, 1987

Sidney Bergman
June 1, 1987

Max Bernstein
June 21, 1987
West Palm Beach, FL

Dr. Jack Rosen
July 7, 1987
Atlantic City, Nd

Maxwell Brooks
July 19, 1987

Dorothy Mizrahi
July 21, 1987

Dr. Arnold Silverberg
July 25, 1987

Tzia Zimlich
July 21, 1987

Rabbi Louis Katzoff
July 21, 1987

Bertha Slater
July 18, 1987

Mary Goldstein
August 12, 1987

Irving Brueck
August 13, 1987

Murray Lewis
August 16, 1987

Lao Lillian Stillman
August 17, 1987

Sam Haber
August 20, 1987

Leo Blumenthal
August 22, 1987
Savannah, GA

Martin Rosenberg
August 30, 1987

Jacksonville Jewish Center Cemetery

 

Michael Schneider

Kenneth Bowden

View of Old Center Cemetery

The Cemetery Committee provides a very necessary function of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It is very important that the

Cemetery grounds are well kept and provide a peaceful resting place for our loved ones.

Our Cemetery Committee is chaired by Michael Schneider. Serving on the committee are Hymie Selber, Alan Taffet, Dr. Joe
Witten, Dr. Sam Witten, Jack Bettman, Joel Bressler, Nathan Sandler, Jack Becker and Joe Becker. .
Arrangements for cemetery plots can be made by calling Mr. Bowden, 353-9298.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

45
Jacksonville Hevrah Kaddisha

OFFICERS

President - Joel Bressler

V. Pres. - Nathan Sandler
Treasurer - Alan Taffet

Telephone Chairman - Ann & Nathan Shmunes

 

‘ OTHER MEMBERS ARE
| Linda Bressler, Bea Browdy, Laurie Benwick, Babs Goldstein,
pi . A Dr. Michael Greenburg, David Mizrahi, Max Shumunes,
Alan Taffet, Nathan Sandler, Simon Selber; Simon Selber, Anita Solomon, Lil Meizlik, Lisa Lefkowitz,
Seated: Joel Bressler, Bea Browdy Bob Bossen, Marlene Bossen and Janet Husney.

Dignity After Death

While the world around us continues to debate death with dignity and “when to pull the plug” on patients kept alive by
artificial means, few people appear to care what happens to the body after death has occurred.

For almost two thousand years, traditional Judaism has cared to treat the deceased with as much dignity as one would
have in life. Plain white shrouds to cover the dead replaced ostentatious garments. Public viewing of the remains was not
allowed — better to remember the deceased as they were in life.

Burial societies were formed in every town and city to make sure that standards of lovingkindness were maintained for
all. Much respect was given to a member of the Holy Society, or Hevra Kaddisha, as these groups were called.

Jacksonville has been fortunate to have an active Hevra Kaddisha for almost thirteen years, although the number of
active members has been smaller than desired. Additional members can serve to enhance dignity after death even more
than has been done in the past.

A “Hevra” member serves without pay to handle some aspect of caring for the deceased or the remaining close
relatives. Various ways they can serve are:

1. participating with other members of the committee to wash, shroud and place the
body in a plain wooden coffin,

2. telephoning other members of the committee to arrange for them to meet as the
need arises,

3. providing transportation for the Shomer, the person (or persons) who sits with
the deceased from the time the body has been placed in the casket until the
funeral,

4. preparing the Meal of Consolation, the first meal which the family members eat
after they have returned from the burial,

5. making arrangements in the house of mourning for the 7-day Shiva period,
including preparation of meals,

6. baby-sitting the small children of the family when necessary, and so on.

This year our annual “appreciation” banquet will be held on February 25, 1988. This date corresponds with the 7th day
of the month of Adar, traditionally the day on which Moses died. Those Jewish people who would like to join our Hevra
Kaddisha and share in our “labor of love” will be invited to attend. As one of our members was heard to say, when asked
why she was a member of our group, “How can I expect someone to care for me after I die if I don’t help others who
need me now?” ;

Please contact your rabbi or Joel Bressler, the local Hevra Kaddisha president, if you are interested in serving on our
committee of dedicated workers.

46 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
HARDAGE & GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOMES

Gordon Hardage LFD Richard Hardage LFD
Victor Hardage LFD Herbert Tanner LFD

7 LOCATIONS

729 Edgewood Ave. S. 4115 Hendricks Avenue

6940 Atlantic Blvd. 4315 Main Street

1701 Beach Blvd., Jax Beach 5753 Blanding Boulevard
517 Park Street

A GUARDIAN PLAN CHAPEL
Jacksonville, Florida Phone 355-5641

Best Wishes and A Peaceful New Year
thes, ic Monwnent Company

** Serving the Jacksonville Jewish Community for 111 years
715 Forest St., Jacksonville, FL 32204
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO HEBREW LETTING AND SYMBOLS

Ae

Sem. ee Rie

<< ee , PE Loe ANS x
es PR aS
y ete Geese ta Sin Dace ict ed)

 
 
 
 

 

$ BS eae
a RE 3 r aa
i Good for the purchase dss

AGNES |
NOV. 20, 1909
APRIL 4.1960
BELOVED WIFE jim
DEVOTED MOTHER [iq

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

|| | of a memorial. Maybe used bbe \
| |. as acash refund or applied “3g
to the cost of the marker. een gsA

HH) ie ocr. 19, 1909 |

fe JUNE 7, 1967
1] |) BELOVED HUSBAND
me DEVOTED FATHER

715 Forest Street
Jacksonville, FL 32204
(904) 356-4426

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

re
See By iar.

et ee
EA ca

oat eee: PETA OK Oe ; pat SESE Oe - ee Z 3 . ct a
i regen ie § § b BL fonda 2
ee FIFTY | DOLLARS | a
Rae ad ne AE nee
ei z : De} aay

>
se GQ: ‘OOP mek \e
od

, Soe eit, ee Seen ITTY |e Ce:

e = es =
eee Ve FLAS Sz LASS SINS J

gS > ERAS COTTA RTE ER TA) reli el een
eas Se SZS aS LISS sae

 
 

 

Saas

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers A7
yb»
"FINE
JEWELRY

CUSTOM DESIGNED JEWELRY TO EXPRESS ONE’S IMAGE & PERSONALITY

 

y

 

@ 14K - 18K GOLD JEWELRY
B® DIAMONDS & PRECIOUS STONES
M@ JEWELRY REPAIRS & APPRAISALS

Lakewood Deerwood
1531 University Blvd., W. 9866-2 Baymeadows Rad.
Jacksonville, Florida 32217 Jacksonville, Florida 32216
733-0703 642-7045

48 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

DIRECTORY OF MEMBERSHIP
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 268-6736 |

= ‘

* Sisterhood Member (as of 8/ 1/87) - A- Associate Member [ ] Non-member Spouse

 
 

As of September 1, 1987

 

>

 

 

i

 

7
‘
eu

 
 

 

iit

 

 

rRreaHENafar es

&
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

1987 SEPTEMBER 9/47-5748

ELUL - TISHRI

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
Kee Tetze 48
7 Elul 8 Elul 9 Elul 10 Elul 11 Elul
L728
LABOR DAY Kee Tavo 49
12 Elul 13 Elul 14 Elul 15 Elul 16 Elul 17 Elul 18 Elul
EC. 39
Midnight
Selihot
be. 7:1i Nitzavim 50 Vayelech
19 Elul 20 Elul 21 Elul 22 Elul 23 Elul 24 Elul 25 Elul
LX. Yue Shabbat Shuvah
Eve Rosh Hashanah lst DAY 2nd DAY Haazinu
ROSH HASHANAH ROSH HASHANAH
26 Elul 27 Elul 28 Elul 29 Elul 1 Tishri 2 Tishri 3 Tishri

27 o.6hlUC a OSD

Fast of Gedaliah
4 Tishri 5 Tishri 6 Tishri 7 Tishri

The Sinai Kosher 48
Label Has Been A
Symbol of Quality

and Kashruth for Over
75 Years.

Understand It To Love It.

Famous For Quality You don’t have to be a connoisseur to enjoy it. And you
don’t have to have a lot of money to own it. Esman Arts has posters,
osher Food Bedust prints and original artwork for every taste. Because we know
there's only one requirement for buying art— knowing what you like. —

SINAI KOSHER FOODS CORP Esman Arts, Framer 2104 University Blvd. W. 737-2511
1000 West Pershing Road

Chicago 60609 OH

(312) 650-6330 WATS: 800-621-5044

 

50 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

‘inten
‘ististihaiviaa

 

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

1987 OCTOBER 9/48

TISHRI - HESHVAN

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
Yizkor
KOL NIDRE YOM KIPPUR
8 Tishri 9 Tishri 10 Tishri
Leis
SUKKOT EVE lst DAY SUKKOT 2nd DAY SUKKOT Hol Hamoed
11 Tishri 12 Tishri 13 Tishri 14 Tishri 15 Tishri 55 16 Tishri 17 Tishri
. L.C. 6:45
Columbus Day L.C. 6:37 (Mevar Chim
2nd Day rd Day 4th Day
Hol Hamoed Hol Hamoed Hol Hamoed Hoshan’na Rabbah Shemini Atzeret Simhat Torah Bereshit
ishri 19 Tishri 20 Tishri 21 Tishri 22 Tishri 23 Tishri 24 Tishri
L.C. 6:29 Move Clock Back
Noah
Rosh Hodesh Rosh Hodesh
25 Tishri 26 Tishri 27 Tishri 28 Tishri 29 Tishri 30 Tishri 1 Heshvan
LAS, oes Lech-Lecha
2 Heshvan 3 Heshvan 4 Heshvan 5 Heshvan 6 Heshvan 7 Heshvan 8 Heshvan

SCHOOLS * CHURCHES * ORGANIZATIONS

M CARNIVAL & BAZAAR BUYERS M

PRIZES ¢ TOYS ¢ GIFTS ¢ NOVELTIES
STUFFED ANIMALS e BALLOONS e TICKETS «© AND MORE

— VISIT OUR SHOWROOM —
NO CATALOGUE — JUST LOTS OF MERCHANDISE
CALL FOR DIRECTIONS — IT’S FREE

Jacksonville — 733-3588

Sata meen cine a nee ee

Florida Outside of Florida
1-800-GIFTMAN 1s nth 1-800-874-0055
1-800-443-8626 3 af S Fd Pause for tone 900-330

DAVID MAZO SALES, INC. (Gage deetOOF Ye 4s: OPEN
3811-7 UNIVERSITY BLVD. W. 6 bead) =MONDAY - FRIDAY
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32217 Ne 9 A.M. —5P.M.

‘VALUE PRICED FOR BULK BUYING

 

a Rit net Ric Minne i et De A Be ae De ee ne te ee ON ae i.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
 

 

 
 

 

bine aetd -getual
td eiuidhipt bale

siaghd BAe gs

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

1987 NOVEMBER 9748

HESHVAN - KISLEV

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
Election Day Oe Gs Vayera 4
9 Heshvan 10 Heshvan 11 Heshvan 12 Heshvan 13 Heshvan 14 Heshvan 15 Heshvan
Veteran’s Day Et 1S Haye Sarah
16 Heshvan 17 Heshvan 18 Heshvan 19 Heshvan 20 Heshvan 21 Heshvan 22 Heshvan
Rosh Hodesh
Start LC S210 Kislev
Jewish Book Month Toledot
23 Heshvan 24 Heshvan 25 Heshvan 26 Heshvan 27 Heshvan 28 Heshvan 29 Heshvan
Rosh Hodesh Thanksgiving Day L.C. 5:08 Vayetze
1 Kislev 2 Kislev 3 Kislev 4 Kislev 5 Kislev 6 Kislev 7 Kislev
8 Kislev 9 Kislev

KBAVE,
CO ONS

rm
7) on

— | Go Places With Us

We are your full service Travel Agency.
Dedicated to serve all your Travel needs,
Whether its business or pleasure.
never a fee for our service.

We welcome Commercial Accounts
All Major Credit Cards Accepted

Bea Diamond 262-2747 Betty Rohan

10049 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, Florida 32217

We Have Special Resources for Bar & Bat Mitzvah’s In Israel
and are your experts for Israel Destinations.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

1987 DECEMBER 9/48

KISLEV - TEVET

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
L.C. 5:08 Vayishlah 8
10 Kislev 11 Kislev 12 Kislev 13 Kislev 14 Kislev
L.C. 5:08 Vayeshev
15 Kislev 16 Kislev 17 Kislev 18 Kislev 19 Kislev 20 Kislev 21 Kislev
CST Miketz
Light 1 Candle Light 2 Candles Light 3 Candles Light 4 Candles Light 5 Candles
HANUKKAH EVE HANUKKAH HANUKKAH HANUKKAH HANUKKAH
22 Kislev 23 Kislev 24 Kislev 25 Kislev 26 Kislev 27 Kislev 28 Kislev
Rosh Hodesh Rosh Hodesh
Light 6 Candles Light 7 Candles Light 8 Candles LC aie
HANUKKAH HANUKKAH HANUKKAH HANUKKAH Vayigash
29 Kislev 30 Kislev 1 Tevet 2 Tevet 3 Tevet 4 Tevet 5 Tevet
| (Fast Day)
Asarah Betevet
6 Tevet 7 Tevet 8 Tevet 9 Tevet 10 Tevet

We've built a reputation helping
Volvo build theirs!

 

2525 Phillips Hwy.
(US 1 South) Jacksonville
396-5486

56 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
shoal bpbiok nek
: : ' |

 

 

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

JANUARY

TEVET - SHEVAT

1988 9/48

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
NEW YEAR’S DAY Vayehi
11 Tevet 12 Tevet
L.C. 6:49
LC. 5:24 Shemot
13 Tevet 14 Tevet 15 Tevet 16 Tevet 17 Tevet 18 Tevet 19 Tevet
(Mevar'Chim HaHodesh)
LC. 30 Vaera
20 Tevet 21 Tevet 22 Tevet 23 Tevet 24 Tevet 25 Tevet 26 Tevet
Rosh Hodesh La; 5:36 BO
27 Tevet 28 Tevet 29 Tevet 1 Shevat 2 Shevat 3 Shevat 4 Shevat
5 Shevat (Start Jewish Music Month)
Shabbat Shira
LC. 342 Beshalah
3 1 6 Shevat 7 Shevat 8 Shevat 9 Shevat © 10 Shevat 11 Shevat
12 Shevat
Pool Janitorial
chemical & equipment
Sales & Service
Pool (904) 725-3270 Janitorial
Chemicals Bont Boack Boul a Chemicals
Remarciting wie y os Cleaners
Kool Decking Jacksonville, Florida 32216 Decreasers
Pumps Vacuums
Filters Brooms
Heaters Buckets
PVC Fittings Receptables
Pool Tools Carts
Vacuums Deodorants

R. G. (RONNIE) COREY

Commercial — Residential
Pool Service

REMODELING & REPAIRS

W.A. (TONY) OMRAN

58 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

 

Pvren ge
padwilaia
‘naa

 

 
60

1988

SUNDAY

7

19 Shevat

14

26 Shevat

21

3 Adar

28

10 Adar

JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

FEBRUARY

SHEVAT - ADAR

MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY
Tu B’Shevat L.C. 5:48
13 Shevat 14 Shevat 15 Shevat 16 Shevat 17 Shevat
LA). S54
Lincoln’s Birthday
20 Shevat 21 Shevat 22 Shevat 23 Shevat 24 Shevat
Washington’s Birthday Kosh Hodesh Rosh Hodesh
27 Shevat 28 Shevat 29 Shevat 30 Shevat 1 Adar
L.C. 6:00
LAC. 646
4 Adar 5 Adar 6 Adar 7 Adar 8 Adar
11 Adar

mark sptvak’s

Institute of Fine Arts,

Department of Dance

® Ballet ® Adagio ® Artistic Gymnastics

@Pointe °® Character ® Khythmic Gymnastics

© Jazz e Tap ® Acrobatics ® Aerobics
® Modern @ Tai-Chi

Department of Visual Arts
@ Drawing @ Painting
® Collage © Printing
@ Watercolors

Fine Arts for Pre-Schoolers
Fine Arts Summer Camp

MANDARIN 268-3583
SAN JOSE BLVD. 262-5103

Character Dance Ensemble

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

Department of Sport

9/48

SATURDAY

6

Yitro
18 Shevat

13

Shabbat Shekalim
Mishpatim
25 Shevat

20

Terumah
2 Adar

ai

Shabbat Zakhor
Tetzaveh
9 Adar
 

 

>

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

MARCH

ADAR - NISAN

1988 9/48

27

28

29

30

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
Fast Day Of Esther PURIM Shushan Purim Kee Tissa
12 Adar 13 Adar 14 Adar 15 Adar 16 Adar
L.C. 6:09
L.C. 6:14 Shabbat Parah
Shabbat Mevarkhim
Vayakhel - Pekude
17 Adar 18 Adar 19 Adar 20 Adar 21 Adar 22 Adar 23 Adar
L.C. 6:19 Shabbat Hahodesh
Vayikra
Rosh Hodesh
24 Adar 25 Adar 26 Adar 27 Adar 28 Adar 29 Adar 1 Nisan
LA. O20 Shabbot Hagadol
Tzav
2 Nisan 3 Nisan 4 Nisan 5 Nisan 6 Nisan 7 Nisan 8 Nisan

(Fast Firstborn)
Search For Hametz
9 Nisan 10 Nisan 11 Nisan 12 Nisan 13 Nisan

 

Famous Name Sportswear for
The Contemporary Woman

Pablo Plaza (Publix)
Jacksonville Beach

Phone 241-4255

Mandarin Landing
San Jose Blvd.
Phone 262-0234

Deerwood Village

Orange Park Mall
Phone 646-0325

Phone 264-8421

 

Store Hours::. i.
10:00 - 6 Monday & Saturday | 4
10:00 - 6:30 Tuesday-Friday f

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

“Aypetiae danny

binnal
‘aiiaelataty

 

 

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

1988 APRIL 9/48

NISAN - IYAR
SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
LC. 6:27 Move Clock Ahead
EVE PESAH Ist Day Pesah
14 Nisan 15 Nisan
2nd Day lst Day 2nd Day 4th Day Ll 7 iee Yizkor
PESAH Hol Hamoed Hol Hamoed Hol Hamoed 7th DAY PESAH 8th DAY PESAH
16 Nisan 17 Nisan 18 Nisan 19 Nisan 20 Nisan 21 Nisan 22 Nisan

10 11 12 13 14 15 16

Li rae Shabbat Mevarkhim
Yom Hashoa Shemini
23 Nisan 24 Nisan 25 Nisan 26 Nisan 27 Nisan 28 Nisan 29 Nisan

17 18 19 20 21 22 23

Israel Start Jewish Music Month
Rosh Hodesh Rosh Hodesh Independence Day Tazria-Metzora
l 1 yar 2 lyar 3 lyar 4 lyar yar 6 lyar
LAS. 7A)
Lt. 3:45 Aharay Mot Kedoshim
7 lyar 8 lyar 9 Iyar 10 lyar 11 lyar 12 lyar 13 lyar

National
erie

 

Expect more from us.

225 Water Street, Jacksonville, FL 32202 (904) 359-5111
Member FDIC

64 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

MAY

IYAR - SIVAN

1988 9/48

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
Lag B’Omer LC. 7:50 Emor 31
14 Iyar 15 lyar 16 lyar 17 Iyar 18 Iyar 19 lyar 20 Iyar
0, ORE a Shabbat Mevarkhim
Mother’s Day Behar - Behukotai
21 Iyar 22 lyar 23 lyar 24 lyar 25 lyar 26 lyar 27 lyar
Le. 7:59 Shavuot Eve
Yom Y’Ru-Sha-La-Yim Rosh Hodesh Bamidbar
28 Iyar 29 Iyar 1 Sivan 2 Sivan 3 Sivan 4 Sivan 5 Sivan
Yizkor
lst Day Shavuot 2nd Day Shavuot LC. 803 Naso 3
6 Sivan 7 Sivan

8 Sivan 9 Sivan 10 Sivan 11 Sivan 12 Sivan

ce. OM 6 CSI

Memorial Day
13 Sivan 14 Sivan 15 Sivan

From Armoire’s to Apples

Culinary Objects d’Art Oriental Rugs
Antique Silver Bleached Pine
Furniture Majolica

 
 

Kilims

399-1218
1984 San Marco
Hours: 10-5 M-S

Gourmet Items
Culinary Classes
Table Top Accessories

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

epee cite tr
“aia ail
bina btnsaelbealy

 

-N- |

 

 
1988

JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

JUNE

SIVAN - TAMUZ

9/48

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
1 2 3 4
L.C. 8:07 Beha’Alotekha
16 Sivan 17 Sivan 18 Sivan
oD 6 7 8 9 10 11
L.C. 8:10 (Mevar’Chim Hahodesh)
Shelah Lekha
20 Sivan 21 Sivan 22 Sivan 23 Sivan 24 Sivan 25 Sivan 26 Sivan
12 13 14 15 16 17 18
Rosh Hodesh Roch Hodesh ac. B13 Korah 38
27 Sivan 28 Sivan 29 Sivan 30 Sivan 1 Tammuz 2 Tammuz 3 Tammuz
19 20 21 a 23 24 mo
Father’s Day LC. Oe. Hukkat
ammuz 5 Tammuz 6 Tammuz 7 Tammuz 8 Tammuz 9 Tammuz 10 Tammuz
26 Zi 28 A 30
11 Tammuz 12 Tammuz 13 Tammuz 14 Tammuz 15 Tammuz
BAR HORNE, Ime.

 

MAINTENANCE MATERIALS - EQUIPMENT & SERVICE

 

87 TELEPHONE: (904) 358-2500
“* 1100 N. MAIN STREET - JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32206

Three steps to
easy pool Care.
1.Stingy Stick®
2.Burn Out®

‘| 3.Back Up®

 

68 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

‘Bilal
weld de
A

 

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

1988 JULY 9/48

TAMMUZ - AV
SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
Canada Day Balak
16 Tammuz 17 Tammuz.
LtcuBes
Shivah Asar
Be Tammuz U.S. Independence L.C. 8:14 Pinhas
(First Day) Day Shabbat Mevarkhim
18 Tammuz 19 Tammuz 20 Tammuz 21 Tammuz 22 Tammuz 23 Tammuz 24 Tammuz

10 11 12 13 14 15 16

EC 12
Rosh Hodesh Av Mattot-Maséay
1 Av 2 Av

25 Tammuz 26 Tammuz 27 Tammuz 28 Tammuz 29 Tammuz
L.C. 8:09 Shabbat Hazon
Erev Tishah Be’AV Reading of
Megillat Ayhkah (Lamentations)
3 Av 4 Av 5 Av 6 Av 7 Av 8 Av 9 Av
Tishah Be’Av L.C. 8:05 Shabbat Nahamu
(Fast Day)
10 Av 11 Av: 12 Av 13 Av 14 Av 15 Av 16 Av
17 Av

Richard S tewardson

Guitarist

 

Guitar Lessons Private Parties
All Styl 399-8422 Weddi
yles eddings
398-0218
Banjo Bar-Bat Mitzvahs

70 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

‘aladdin

hatndadini: Milani
Ailidibatdaly

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

1988 AUGUST 97/48

AV - ELUL
SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
1 Z 3 4 ° 6
L.C. 8:00 Ekev
Shabbat
Mevarkhim
18 Av 19 Av 20 Av 21 Av 22 Av 23 Av
7 § 9 10 11 12 13
LC. 763 Re’Ay
Rosh Hodesh
24 Av 25 Av 26 Av 27 Av 28 Av 29 Av 30 Av
14 15 16 17 18 19 20
Rosh Hodesh L.C. 7:46 Shofetim
1 Elul 2 Elul 3 Elul 4 Elul 5 Elul 6 Elul 7 Elul
21 22 23 24 25 26 2/7
LC. 7:39 Kee Tetze
8 Elul 9 Elul 10 Elul 11 Elul 12 Elul 13 Elul 14 Elul
Zo: 2 30 31
15 Elul 16 Elul 17 Elul 18 Elul

BRIAN S. BENWICK, AAI
VICE PRESIDENT

vbw ea
Diy DIET CENTER
eet 3926 SAN JOSE PARK DRIVE
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32217
INSURANCE , 904-737-9038

Bayly, Martin & Fay Inc. of Jacksonville

2110 Herschel Street / Jacksonville, FL. 32204 / (904) 389-3003

- MANPOWER

225 Water St., #1208

Ph. 354-5797

9550 Regency Square Blvd., #1107 Ph. 724-8200

8647 Baypine Road, Suite 100 Ph. 733-0136 “Doorway Jo A Mans World”

6316 San Juan Ave., Suite 1 Ph. 783-9400

Regency Square Phone 725-6464

 

72 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
JEWISH RELIGIOUS CALENDAR

SEPTEMBER

ELUL - TISHRI

1988 9/49

SUNDAY MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
EC. Vat Ki Tavo
Selihot
19 Elul 20 Elul 21 Elul
Li 422 Nitzavim
Labor Day Vayaylekh
22 Elul 23 Elul 24 Elul 25 Elul 26 Elul 27 Elul 28 Elul
EVE ROSH ROSH HASHANAH ROSH HASHANAH Fast of ba tie Ha’ Azinu
HASHANAH 1st Day 2nd Day Gedaliah Shabbat Shuvah
29 Elul 1 Tishri 2 Tishri 3 Tishri 4 Tishri 5 Tishri 6 Tishri
Erev Yom Kippur Yom Kippur LC 7304
ol Nidray Yzkor Service
7 Tishri 8 Tishn 9 Tishri 10 Tishri 11 Tishri 12 Tishri 13 Tishri
Sukkot Sukkot Hol Hamoayd Hol Hamo’ad Hol Hamoayd
Erev Sukkot lst Day 2nd Day Sukkot Sukkot Sukkot
14 Tishri 15 Tishri 16 Tishri 17 Tishri 18 Tishri re ee
L.C. 6:56

Jacksonville,
«:) bring us your future.

 

@ Annuities @ Government Secunties
® Bond Funds ® Niunicipal Bonds
® Common and preferred ® Option Wnting
Stock Strategies
® Corporate and ® Research
® Convertible Bonds ® Recommendations

Barbara Gefen Jaffe — Senior Vice President Investments

Prudential-Bache

1300 Gulf Life Dr., Jacksonville, Fla. 32207 Securities
904-398-2211

© 1983 Prudential-Bache Secunties Member SIPC

TA Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
y

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

oo

%

 

 

 

 
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year

A FINE SELECTION OF
CHILDREN'S SHOES PROPERLY FITTED!

Youll find the latest styles for
SCHOOL, DRESS and CASUAL WEAR
at reasonable prices.
® Buster Brown ® Wildcats @ Livewires

® Footmates @ Keds ® Capezios

 

buster rown.

CHILDREN’S SHOE STORE
MERCHANTS WALK @ 9965 SAN JOSE BOULEVARD @ JACKSONVILLE, FL 32217

(904) 262-6686

COASTAL |
BRAKE
SERVICE

Phone: (904) 354-1270
358-3360
Specializing in:
Automobile and Truck Brakes
Wheel Aligning
Front End Correction
Tire Conservation

All Types Front Ends Rebuilt
Air Brakes Installed

Wheel Balancing

Drum Refacing

1132 W. Adams Street at I-95
Jacksonville, Florida 32204

G. “Cooter” Bachelor, Jr.

ae $8
a
perocal Motion ~ TB

Dance Show Versatile
Band Band Band
G “m. @

with a variety of music
to please .. . ALL AGES!

 

Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Weddings,
. . all Occasions
722 Seabrook Cove Rd. BLES FUATA, Manager
Jacksonville, FL 32211 (904) 724-4934

Fred Rotstein, Owner

904/396-3522

DLeibo’
Leibo’s

BIG & TALL MEN’S SHOP
Home Owned and Operated Since 1938

Southgate Plaza
3522 Beach Boulevard
Jacksonville, FL 32207

Morris Leibo
Marsha Leibo Pollock

Dick Kravitz o\~ > |
Agent :

Soforenko Insurance Agency
Insuring Jacksonville for over 32 years.

Call me for all your insurance needs.
HOME e@ AUTO ®@ LIFE @ BUSINESS

Business 737-5363 Residence 731-5552

 

76 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
 

 

 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 
78

In Honor of
Leonard Setzer

and His Hardworking Staff at
National Merchandise

Keep up the Good Work!

From
The Mazel Company

Cleveland, Ohio

The One Stop Shopping
For All Your Close-Out Needs

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

ital
biti

ab| ih

ay « a

 

 

Additional Sisterhood Members

 

bagddie
80

Consolidated Distributing Company
9423 N. Main Street

 

Presents |
“Fine Wine For Your Drinking Pleasure”

 

“California Cooler”
The original wine cooler te olla* The Greatest
and the best

Name in Lambrusco

 

 

At The Finest Imported
: Sant’Gria in the World Today
“Y ago”
“Mogen David”
A Tradition within itself
“Tennessee Cooler” “Bolla”
A special wine cooler from the The only name
famous Jack Daniels distillery in Soave Wine

Thank You For Your Patronage

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Early Childhood Department

Director - Marilyn Sandler

“A Time to Reflect - A Time to Project”

Significant social changes in the United States over the past three
decades have greatly affected American family life and child rearing
practices. A majority of mothers of young children have now joined
the work force.

We have strived for and achieved success in providing the Jackson-
ville Jewish Community with the highest quality pre-school education
and day care.

It is time to bask in the glow of accomplishments, both our own and those whom we serve —
children and parents. Parents who have entrusted their child’s education and supplementary care to
us have felt that we are providing a superior program. We feel that the early years of a child’s life
are especially critical to his/her development.

The Jacksonville Jewish Center, feeling the need for additional space due to increased enrollment,
added four beautiful, well-equipped classrooms this past school year. Plans will soon be completed
for additional classrooms, a large indoor play area and offices for the early Childhood Department.
These additions will be built during the coming year.

Demands of an ever-growing organization and increased programming have given us the opportunity
to increase our dedicated and well-qualified staff. A physical education teacher, two Judaic teachers,
music teacher and additional assistants in all classrooms will be added this year. With the addition of
more Judaic teachers, we will be able to add a Hebrew program that will provide an interesting
learning program to our curriculum. With our well-trained teachers and program we will continue to
provide our children with a positive learning experience of the Hebrew language. We are proud of
this excellent Judaic and General studies environment we have designed for these children. We see
growth in every area of their education. The attitudes and values which are taught in day-to-day
living have a cummulative effect on their future.

Our secret for a high-quality early childhood program is planning - planning and more planning.
Our children know that they are important and the Jacksonville Jewish Center is where they belong.

 

The Jacksonville Jewish Center Pre-School is proud to announce that we are accredited by the
Florida Kindergarten Council, which is affiliated with the Florida Council of Independent Schools and
Colleges. We also are a member of the Florida Association of Children Under Six.

Pre-school Activities

Shirley Bielski
Administrative Assistant

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

2
D
1G
&
A
qe
I
6
N

 

 
Early Childhood

 

Teacher - Hanna Bendit “Munchkins”. Jonathan Spriggs,
Jason Pollan, Jennifer Kaplan, Amy Schuster, Zachary
Levy.

 

Teacher - Sheila Turner “Muppets”. Back-Jessica Over-
street, Laetitia Mimoun, Max Talpalar, Daniel Sheffield,
Jessica Levy. Front-Alysha Greenberg, Laney Cohen,
Melissa Cushnir, Roslyn Wallach.

Teacher - Carole Goldberg “Jumping Jacks”. Scott
Nudel, Marci Cantor, Rocky Rifkin, Mark Nelson, Jonathan
Sang, Lindsay Rosenberg, Rebecca Zagorin, Cara Goldberg,

Jacqui Wallach, Jennifer Levine, Daniel Ennis (Not Pictured:
Heather Pollock)

 

Teacher - Hanna Bendit “Munchkins”. Amir Herman,
Amy Schuster, Samuel Kadish, Brian Alterman, Alexis
Gartner, Zachary Levy.

Teacher - Sheila Turner “Muppets”. Samuel Kadish,
Laetitia Mimoun, Daniel Sheffield, Jessica Levy, Max Tal-
palar, Jessica Overstreet, Genna Price, Chelsey Millstone
(Not Pictured: Sarah Fraden, Benjamin Blumberg, Joshua
Gordon-Koster, Alexandra Botwinick, Shayna Weiss.

 

Teacher - Ronna Levy “Jumping Jacks”. Eric Siegel,
Deborah Meisel, Heather Bettman, Paige Beeler, Tiffany
Gartner, Sara Mizrahi, Rachel Gerber, Jared Fleet, Rebecca
Glassman (Not Pictured: Jennifer Kaplan)

82 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Early Childhood Department

 

Day Care

 

“Jumping Jacks”

Teacher: Arlene Slavkin

Back: Rachel Rosner, Leebie Grinberg, Steven Frisch, Jonathan Tannen
and Carson Law.

Front: Melissa Osterer, Debra Dorman, Rachel Organes, Lindsay Levine,
(Not Pictured: Jonathan Pollan).

 

Nuredey - Three Year Olds
Teacher: Arlene Rademan

Aide: Marguerite Horn

Back: Lisa Rand, Mark Young, Sam Horovitz, Jordan Eber, David Slavkin,
Michele Mandelkorn and Esther Weihnacht.

Front: Lauren Mack, Lance Cohen, Courtney Or-Bach, Michael Gartner,
Casie Zimmerman, Elisa Garfinkel, Adam Lee, (Not Pictured: Kembra
Allen, Natalie Cushnir).

Pre-Kindergarten - Four Year Olds
Teacher: Ann Young

Back: Daniel Shorstein, Scott Sandler, David Trager, Keith Labell, Adam
Osterman, Andrew Spivak, Logan Greenspan.

Front: Amber Leino, Drew Shenkman, Faye Goodman, Jessica Osterer,
Danielle Spriggs, Renee Grann, Mindy Yergin, (Not Pictured: Allison
Phillips, Benjamin Wolfson, Joshua Baldivino).

 

Specially designed classes for ages 18 months through
kindergarten.

Our Programs Provide:

@ a safe, loving and secure environment

e development of self-confidence and self-esteem

e individualized learning

e celebration and observance of Jewish holidays and
customs

e well-rounded activities which develop social, emotion |
and physical growth.

 

 

Nursery - Three Year Olds
Teacher: Sheryl Sekine

Aide: Sherry Turner

Back: Esther Yegelwel, Kevin Young, Joshua Flamm, Asher Trager, C.J.
Dulberger, Michael Barnhard, Jessie Lipsky and Lisa Louer.

Front: Hannah Phillips, Benjy Smolley, David Fursteller, Lauren Myers,
Vanessa Harris, Evan Schoenberg, Elizabeth Sussman, Erica Mack and
Lauren Bloom.

|
Pre-Kindergarten - Four Year Olds
Teacher: Judy Paul
Back: Darren Kosner, Philip Himmelstein, Jonathan Goldberg, Lindsay
Lipsky, Joshua Bernard, Michael Setzer and Adele Blum.
Front: Dena Setzer, Blair Schemer, Stefanie Epstein, Ellen Goldstein,
Sarah Sekine, Ross Shmunes, Gideon Taylor, Jodie Edelstein, (Not Pictured:
Ilana Zeebooker).

 

Babies as of January

Not Pictured: Jennifer Albert, Dorian Bloom, James Chaknis, Jordan
Laufer, Morgan Lodinger, Jennifer Schechtman, Brett Rosner, Jeffrey
Shenkman and Alex Whitman.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 83
If Youre 55 Or Over, You eae aN Be Counting On The One
On The Left. But You Can Deiinitely

unt On The One On The Right.

 
 
 

 
 

. ie ori Partners membership ie ca. peer oo ane over everything os offic ae :
the right entitles you to —— personalized Senior Partners package. And with our high-yield

checks, travelers’ and cashiers’ checks and an savings certificates, it's better than ever.
insurance policy* with no service charges. And __You see, at Barnett we understand your goal
that's only the b isn't just Social Security. It’s financial security.

a
No other banking package in Florida gives And we want to help you find it in Florida.

$100,000 common carrier accidental death insurance policy.

gzty Barnett Is Florida's Bank.

Barnett Banks are members of FDIC.

 
 

KEEP UP!
OR ...
LEAP AHEAD!

 
 

 
 

Helping your child be all that he or she can be... with primary emphasis on Ea

a shaping our program to your student's needs. Ee
ae Tutoring in Reading, Language Arts, Foreign Languages, le
a Math (through Calculus), and Study Skills.

a lf your child has a special learning need, call us. ae
—— Helping children feel better about themselves - that’s what we care about most! ohn Ral
27 ee Dot Verstandig, Educational Director a
a 3617 Crown Point Rd. #8 e Jacksonville, FL 32217 e 268-8210 ae
84 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Solomon Schechter Day School

Message from the Principal

 

Solomon Schechter Day School serves students from kindergarten through seventh grade.
Founded twenty-six years ago, the school is committed to the ideals of academic excellence,
personal growth, and Jewish values.

The school offers a challenging educational program with a wide range of learning
opportunities in a caring atmosphere. Blending American democratic heritage and Jewish
ideals, we teach how the secular and religious realms enrich each other and enhance our
lives.

The curriculum consists of two major components, General Studies and Judaica Studies.
Both areas complement each other so that the educational benefits of each are enhanced by
a knowledge of the other. On standardized national achievement tests, our students score in |
the superior range, indicating high proficiency in such areas as language arts, reading Willard Kennedy
comprehension, mathematics, science and social studies. In Judaic Studies, our school has established a reputation of
outstanding achievements in the Hebrew language and in the study of Bible, prayer and culture. Our students are infused
with the joys and responsibilities of being Jewish.

The school is blessed with strong parental involvement coordinated by an active PTA. The PIA provides cultural
activities, holiday treats, educational equipment. In addition, this group provides funds for library books and our computer

learning center. :
Parents who are interested in admissions are invited to contact the school office for an appointment.

 

 

Activities

 

| aqme tela
Day School Secretary

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 85
86

 

THERE IS A

PIC N’ SAVE
DISCOUNT
DRUG STORE
NEAR YOU

FLORIDA'S FASTEST GROWING DISCOUNT DRUG STORE
SHOP AND SAVE

AT ANY OF THESE STORES NEAREST YOU:

JACKSONVILLE:

999 UNIVERSITY BOULEVARD, NORTH
10800 ATLANTIC BOULEVARD

8050 LONE STAR ROAD

5909 UNIVERSITY BOULEVARD, WEST
1950 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD

248 BLANDING BOULEVARD
Orange Park, Florida

8661 OLD KINGS ROAD, SOUTH
Brierwood Plaza

517 SOUTH McDUFF AVENUE
5535 NORMANDY BOULEVARD

5432 BLANDING BOULEVARD
at 103rd Street

4750 SOUTEL DRIVE

40 EAST 8TH STREET

8000 LEM TURNER ROAD

1215 DUNN AVENUE

203 W. 48TH STREET

1090 EDGEWOOD AVENUE, NORTH
11740 SAN JOSE BLVD.

BEACHES:

2300 S. 3RD STREET
Jacksonville Beach, Florida
725 ATLANTIC BOULEVARD
Atlantic Beach, Florida

FLORIDA:

GAINESVILLE, Florida

6111 N.W. 8th Ave. (Newberry Ra.)
1409 N.W. 23rd Ave.

901 N. Main St. at 9th Ave.

300 S.W. 16th Ave.

PALATKA, Florida
200 Reid St.

OCALA, Florida
2905 N.W. Pine

1601 NE. 25 Ave. (Skylark Plaza)

LIVE OAK, Florida
1415 N. Ohio St.

CRESCENT CITY, Florida
100 Summit Ave.

MADISON, Florida
407 E. Base St.

DAYTONA BEACH, Florida
1144 Beville Road/West of Nova Rd.
1912 S. Atlantic Ave.

HOLLY HILL, Florida
618 N. Ridgewood at 6th Ave.

ST. AUGUSTINE, Florida
11 Palmer St.

LONGWOOD, Florida
940 State Rd. 434

ORMOND BEACH, Florida
451 S. Nova Ra.

GEORGIA:

WAYCROSS, Georgia
600 Pendelton St.
1713 Knight Ave.
VALDOSTA, Georgia
408 N. Patterson St.
2913 Ashley St.
JESUP, Georgia

289 W. Plum St.
TIFTON, Georgia

105 S. Central Ave.

PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED AT EVERYDAY LOW LOW PRICES

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Solomon Schechter Day School

Founded in 1961

The Solomon Schechter Day School is designed as the first step in preparing students for their religious role in Jewish life as
well as their role as successful and contributing members of our society. The school offers an integrated curriculum of Judaic
experiences, Hebrew language and general studies. The goal is to create informed, intelligent American Jews, cognizant of their
history and heritage and proud of their tradition and values.

Located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Wing of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, the Day School has the unlimited use of a
library, computer room, gym, sportsfield, stage, swimming pool, tennis courts and chapel.

 

Kindergarten - Teacher Rosemary Nowotny
Front (I-r): Jeffrey Glassman, Donald Salmon, Heath Lewis, David Organes
and Mark Frisch. Jesse Rauchwarger, (Not pictured: Katherine Gutkin).

Back (I-r): Amanda Weitzen, Shira Morris, Natalie Osterer, Sharona Kadish, Back (I-r): Melissa Yergin, Ilana Shmunes, Mary Davis, Alyssa Rademan, Erin
Melissa Levin, Lori Goldstein and Sara Safer. Ortagus and Michelle Meth.

Kindergarten - Teachers: Arlene Yegelwel and Avi Peters
Front (I-r): Ryan Law, Eli Fleet, Daniel Frisch, Adam Hodz, Lane Goldberg,

 

First Grade - Teacher - Annice Yergin
Front (l-r): Michael Ford, Phillip Echt, Eric Held, Sam Tannen.
Back (I-r): Adria Pollan, Katie Bettman, Elyssa Newman, Rebecca Wolfson,
Elizabeth Baker, Ivy Epstein, Hadassah Phillips, Samantha Levine, Stephanie
Sussman (Not pictured: William McMillin).

 

 

 

Second Grade - Teachers - Mrs. Gaye Sager, Mrs. Nili Grinberg
Front (I-r): Michael Siporin, Mathew Safer, Mark Millunchick, Eitan Herman Ilana Manasse.

and Adam Shmunes. Front (I-r): Seth Bloom, Josh Kornblum, Scott Albert, Elan Herman, Eric
Back (l-r): Joshua Marks, Josh Ortagus, Jennifer Marks, Mirian Nudel, Goldberg and Michael Kadish.

Sabrina Huber, Douglas Weinstein and Jeffrey Garfinkel. Back (I-r): Staci Spivak, Adina Pollan, Goldie Safer, Jacquelyn Goldstein,
Sandra Drashin and Rachel Selber.

:

th

Mrs. Judy Reppert, Mrs. Rose Lynn Plotkin,

Wt

Third Grade - Teachers -

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 87
Solomon Schechter Day School

 

 

Fourth: Grade - Teachers ; Mrs. Judy Reppert, Mrs. Robin Morris, Fifth Grade - Teacher - Mrs. Bonnie Loeser

Mrs. Rose Lynn Plotkin Front (I-r): Morry Safer, Todd Wahnish, Michael Garber, Andrew Aronsohn,
Front (I-r): Alexander Zeltser, Freddie Sherman, David Moskovitz, Adam Ben Setzer, Todd Sager and Jay Goldstein.

Frisch and Bernie Echt. Back (I-r): Suzan Betterton, Abby Rauchwarger, Lorie Nudel, Stacie Marks
Back (I-r): Emily Goldberg, Rachel Mizrahi, Lisa Schneider, Rachael Abramson, Elizabeth Millunchick, Tillie Moskovitz, Heidi Drashin and Laura Witten.
Faye Gordon and Herschel Bettman.

’

Sixth Grade - Teacher — Mrs. Rene Cole
(I-r): Ari Silverman, Freda Herschkowitz, Dana Davis, Havi Safer, Brian
Davis, Michael Albert, Jonathan Witten, Andy Ussach, Paige Kornblum,
Jason Blume, (Not pictured - Joni Press).

NOT PICTURED:
Brenda Wolchok

Computer Instructor

Lisa Birch
PE. Instructor

 

 

Edith Horovitz Kose Lynn Plotkin Beverly Barnhard
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Resource Teacher Art Teacher
Teacher Day School

Jazz — Ballet — Tap
Modern — Pointe — Acrobatics
Aerobics — Dancercise

5230-1 Baymeadows Rd. Jacksonville, FL 32217 737-1966

 

88 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
SOLOMON SCHECHTER PTA

of the

JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA

 

President-Evelyn Moskovitz
Treasurer-Phyllis Goldberg

Financial Secretary-Jan Glassman
Recording Secretary-June Shenkman
Corresponding Secretary-Wendy Talpalar
Hot Lunch Program-Jo Marks

Magazine Sales-Carla Bernard

Book Fairs-Kathy Osterer

Jewish Book Fair-Pat Frisch

Candy Sales-Janis Fleet

Birthday Book Club-Edith Horovitz
Chairman

Book-A-Bration-Edith Horovitz
Ordering for Day School-Donna Price
Ordering for Preschool-Janice Meisel

Holiday Observance-Leslie Held
Consecration & Hanukkah- Tricia Bloom
Passover-Pat Frisch
Pre-School Co-Chairmen-

Nancy Mizrahi
Liz Gartner

World Book Representative-Elaine Mack
Fine Arts Day Chairman-Barbara Safer

Pre-School Fundraiser:
Cassette & Book (Nursery Songs)-
Chairman-Kathy Wallach

Art Enrichment Chairman-(Picture Lady)

Room Representative:
Chairman for Day School-Peggy Organes
Chairman for Pre-School-Sheree Spriggs

 

SHABBAT BOXES

The Solomon Schechter PTA is a strong and vital
force of the Solomon Schechter Day School and
Early Childhood Department. Together, our parents,
teachers, and students cooperate to support and
enhance the many projects and programs of our
schools.

The PTA’s Shabbat Box Project was a new addi-
tion to our Holiday Observance Program in the Day
School. Because of its huge success, the Shabbat
Boxes will also be included in the Pre-Kindergarten
program this year. Each Shabbat Box is beautifully
decorated and filled with all the necessary tools for
observing the Shabbat. Each week a different child
in each class has the opportunity to take home the Shabbat Box and share a very
special Shabbat with family members.

 

Evelyn Moskovitz

Another exciting project sponsored by PTA was TheatreWorks/USA which
brought to us Marshall Izen’s program, “Dinosaurs, Puppets, and Picasso,” an art and
music educational program presented in a delightful and entertaining way. This year
Mr. Izen will be back with “Mozart, Monsters, and Matisse.”

PTA’s other services continue to include “Your Child”, the quarterly newsletter
designed specifically for the Jewish parent, and features articles on the varied facets of
parenting and Jewish family life; the Hot Lunch Program which provides delicious
kosher meals for our children; and the Birthday Book Club (Book-a-bration) which
celebrates the birthday of a child by placing a book in the library in honor Book-a-
bration also.

The PTA’s fundraising projects which include the magazine and candy sales, book
fairs, paper drives and T-shirt sales enable us to provide the financial means to obtain
special equipment for the benefit of all our children. This year the PTA funded the
Science Program including individual classroom laboratories which are part of the
curriculum of the Solomon Schechter Day School and emphasize a hands on
approach to learning. PTA has also purchased a generous amount of play and
playground equipment for the Early Childhood Department and provides extra
equipment for both our schools depending on the needs of each class.

A Fine Arts Day Program, new for this year, promises to be very exciting. A
kaleidoscope of arts activities will be enjoyed by all.

Our dedicated PTA Board looks forward to another successful and exciting year.
We are proud of our 100% PTA enrollment and invite all parents to participate in PTA
to help maintain our school’s high quality of education and Jewish life.

—Evelyn Moskovitz, President

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 89
 
 
 

WHO CAN PUT THE RIGHT KEY IN YOUR HAND?

 
 

Coggin

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Authorized GMC coagi n
factory franchise | issan
: Trucks = Corner of Atlantic Blvd.

Megadealer * Near Regency Square » Near Regency Square : & St. John’s Bluff
Sales- Service 9201 Atlantic Blvd. 8550 Atlantic Blvd. 10600 Atlantic Blvd.
‘Parts ——«- 124-2310 = 724-2310 =: 642-7900

Sat el or Parts 724- 6126 © Seo ene ee _Parts 724- 6126 | i _Parts 642- 6665

 
 

Near Regency Square i Near Regency Square Near Orange Park Mall 8327 Arlington
9401 Atlantic Blvd. : 8600 Altantic Blvd. i 7600 Blanding Blvd. é Expressway
725-2922 724-3131 777-5600 721-8878

 

Parts 724-4115 Parts 777-0477

 

Parts 721-5844

 

 

Parts 725-6037

: “‘Where There is Service After the Sale’’

Our 21st Year BEST WISHES FOR THE NEW YEAR

A. S. M. E. rine
AMERICAN ALARM

Specialists in Burglar & Fire Alarms
Emergency Lighting
Complete Central Office Service - Fire & Burglary
Commercial - Homes
Direct Wire to Class AAA

PHONE Closed Circuit TV. TOM & JOHN
388-5454 Sprinkler Monitoring TUMBELTY
LEASE - SALES - SERVICE

Compliments of

Anything with Plants

: Interior Plant Design,
1532 Flanders Road 737-3633 | Sales & Maintenance

Jacksonville, Florida 32207 : Rentals for All Occasions

ACME FIXTURE COMPANY

9759 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32217 Phone 268-1408

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

SUNDAY SCHOOL

The Sunday School of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is designed for children in
kindergarten, first and second grades. This
two hour program gives each child the
opportunity to experience the richness
of his/her Jewish heritage through song,
dance, role playing, cooking, short stories,

games, arts and crafts. Emphasis is placed
on the holidays, festivals, Jewish values
and mitzvot.

 

Teachers: Gail Furman, Susan Kadish, Alina Kentof, Robin Rand. Kindergarten: Brad Becker, Larry Couf, Jason
Hausman, Jill Millstone, Lyle Passink, Meredith Perin. First Grade: Emily Adler, Gregory Dacks, Joshua Edwards, Adam
Frankel, Joy Gottlieb, Mychal Katz, Kerry Knapp, Hirsh Kravitz, Adam Levine, Ashley Margol, Lewis Price, Jonathan
Rand, Heather Slavkin, Jason Trager. Second Grade: Michael Blume, Alan Couf, Beth Grann, Ari Hass, Jeffrey Klein,
Ainsley Passink, Joshua Rubens, Adam Schemer, Lauren Schnipper, Simon Schuster, Elizabeth Sekine, Susan Stromberg,
Noa Taffet, and Ilana Yergin.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 91
Afternoon

The Afternoon Hebrew School of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center is designed for students in grades 3-7 and provides an
elementary education leading to Bar/Bat Mitzvah and conti-
nuation in the high school program.

Meeting twice during the week and on Saturdays, “the bas-
ics” are at the core of the curriculum, with stress on Hebrew
reading, Jewish Social Studies, and current events relating to
Israel. Synagogue skills, holiday observances and knowledge
of prayers are all part of the comprehensive Afternoon Hebrew
School program.

 

Aleph Teacher: Zipora Zucker—Henry Paul Bassuk, Brian Bell, Barry
Blumenthal, Angela Edwards, Liza Furman, Alex LeBeau, Jordan Perin, Jason
Rademan, Courtney Schuster, Julie Slavkin.

 

Bet Teachers: Harriett Kaplan, Susan Kadish—David Barnard, Alysha Becker, Wesley Benwick, Douglas Bloom, Rachel Casey, Jayson Dacks, Rena
Dulberger, Ben Fink, Kimberly Frankel, Lauren Freeman, Jason Himmelstein, Heather Kirshenbaum, Eric Kravitz, Candice Kunsberg, Erica Leibo, Aaron
Levine, Brian Levine, Michael Osterman, Sharryse Pozin, Douglas Rand, Cindy Schwab, Joshua Sekine, Zackary Sherman, Kenny Solomon, Lisa Spriggs, Jaime
Stone, Ilana Haas

 

92 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Hebrew School

Director: Rabbi Dov Kentof

Gimel/Dalet Teacher: Alina Kentof—Todd Blumenthal, Joseph
Cohen, Adam Dean, Laura Jaffa, Kevin Kaplan, Jenean Klein, Jodi Levine,
Marcy Rubens, Leslie Adler, Dana Eber, Aron Greenburg, Noah Portnoy,
Erika Shriftman, Stacy Stearman

 

Hei | Teacher: Judy Reppert—Stephanie Adler, Jonathon Andriesse,
Natalie Bielski, Melissa Bloom, Melissa Brodsky, Rebekah Franzblau,

Ronnie Gordon, Aaron Gottlieb, Tammy Hass, Lee Kaplan, Daniel
Kulchin, Jeff Meyers, Arlene Silke, Stephen Ziemba

 

Hei II Teacher: Avi Perets—Delia Betterton, Lisa Coplan, Sarah
Dulberger, Daryl Eber, Barney Freedman, David Goldberg, Rebecca
Goldschmidt, Michelle Levin, Faye Setzer, Joanna Spiwak, Heather
Steinberg, Sandy Zimmerman.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 93
94

Come to Strawberry Fields for
All-Time-Low Prices. That means
our prices are lower than anyone
else’s, everyday, all the time! So
don’t wait for another store’s
sales. Save on all your favorite
fashions with All-Time-Low Pri-
ces at Strawberry Fields!

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Hebrew High School

Director: Rabbi Dov Kentof

 

The Judaica High School is the creation of the synagogue which offers Jewish youth an opportunity to explore the
broad expanse of resources available through our heritage. This program seeks to provide exciting, innovative exploration
of Judaism upon which each student might build. It involves children in 8th through 11th grades and is requried for

onfirmation.

Courses: Current Jewish Issues, Introduction to Jewish Philosophy, Famous Jewish People, Jewish History, Holocaust.

BAGG

Bx
if

 

 

Ye

 
 

Mie ie

EIGHTH GRADE: Michael Aronsohn, Valerie Baruch, Gregory Balotin, NINTH GRADE: Sarah Andriesse, David Bielski, Jennifer Broadman,

Alicia Davis, Ilya Giter, Patrick Gibson, Alex Greenbaum, Robert Hyken, Jeffrey Davis, Lowell Figur, Amy Funk, Laura Greenberg, Wendy Jackler,
Melissa Kirshenbaum, David Mass, Laurie Paul, Nicole Portnoy, Jennifer Judy Jacobson, Michelle Kaplan, Michelle Millunchick, Steven Paul, Jennie
Sager, David Schnipper, Mindy Solomon, Marla Stearman, Rachel Thaler, Schwab, Cheryl Silke, Jerry Solomon and Susan Teitelman.

Brent Trager, Leah Weitzen, and Rebecca Zapen.

 

ES
es

TENTH GRADE: Scott Balotin, Kim Baruch, Lisa Bell, Cindy Burman, Steven Cantor, Jana Chepenik, Susan Coplan, Douglas Davis, Adam DePaul,
Sean Gibson, Daniel Goldfield, Shari Goldschmidt, Marty Gottlieb, Leon Jackler, Craig Kornblum, Alan Mizrahi, Lee Pollock, Rickie Roey, Andrew
Selevan, Lara Shriftman, David Silverman, Rachel Spiwak, Sheri Trager, Jenny Verstandig, Michael Weitzen, Douglas Witten, Mauri Witten, and David
Zapen.

TEACHERS: Sandy Kadish, Rabbi Dov Kentof, Alina Kentof, Avi Perets, Judy Reppert and Cliff Taffet.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 95
onfirmation Class

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Pictured Front Row (l-r): Lisa Solomon, Marcy Kessler,
Beth Greenburg, Cheryl Bossen, Paulette Schwab.

Second Row (I-r): Dennis Mizrahi, Shari Steinberg, Melissa

Broadman, Koss Jeneff, Ellis Mass, Bobby Greenspoon,
Rabbi David Gaffney. |

Third Row (l-r): David Goldfield, Colman Brodsky,
Richard Davis, Michael Paul, Arnold Harrison, Ricky
Plotkin, Simeon Abramson, Steven Shapiro and Randy
Figur.

AUTO

(Adults United to Organize)

AUTO is the parent-teacher association that services those pupils attending the Supple-
mental School programs, as well as their families. It is under the direction of Rabbi Kentof.
AUTO stands for Adults United to Organize. And organize we did! . . . with such programs
this past year as: a “Family Day” of study and family frolics, havadalah with an “Israeli
Experience,” a campout, “Tu B’Shevat buffet,” a “Teacher Appreciation Banquet” as well as
other projects. Next year, watch for “Havdalah Club,” family retreat, holiday how-to work-
shops. . . just to name a few.

As we in AUTO like to say, “Watch out! Here comes AUTO . . . always on the move!”

— Elen Rubens, President

 

ELLEN RUBENS
President

ARLENE SLAVKIN
Ist Vice Pres. - Pro. Chairman

GEORGE RUBENS
2nd Vice Pres. - Educ. Chairman
ALLAN COHEN
3rd Vice Pres. - Fundraisng
JAN KLEIN
4th Vice Pres. - Public Relations
. : : and Communication
SUE ANN BLUMENTHAL
Corresponding Secretary
MITCHELL PERIN

Treasurer

LINDA DACKS
Cultural Arts

CHERYL LE BEAU &
SUSAN FRANKEL
Hospitality
SHOSHANA HAAS
Holiday Resource Coordinator

ALLAN COHEN
Junior Congregation Rep.

ELLEN & GEORGE RUBENS
Adult Hebrew / Judaica
Literacy Coordinator
ARLENE RADMAN
Ways & Means
BETTY EDWARDS
Publicity
SUE ANN & HENRY BLUMENTHAL
Historian
ELLEN RUBENS &
RABBI KENTOF
Ruach

SHEREE SPRIGGS
_ 1 Phone Committee

SS

96 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
DUVAL DELIVERS!

TEST DRIVE THe
ALL NEW
FORD TAURUS

 

1616 CASSAT AVE.
387-6541

 
 

Best Wishes From

ere

rsonnel

“YOUR MARK OF SERVICE”

 

7509 BEACH BOULEVARD
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32216

Phone 721-1820

A full service employment agency, serving Jacksonville since 1971

Positions in

Management Business Products Banking

Sales Bookkeeping Teaching

Retail Technical

Clerical Data Entry and many others.
Electronics Hotel/ Motel

IRV AND MARIE KOWITZ

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 97
Mickey Ehrlich

Vice President
Thomson McKinnon Securities, Inc.

Wishes You A Happy New Year

SENSIBLE INVESTING REQUIRES TIME AND A PROGRAM, TOO.

THAT’S WHERE WE COME IN.
WE'VE GOT BOTH, LET’S GET TOGETHER!

Dial Direct 358-2105
TOLL FREE NUMBER
Barnett Bank Bldg., Suite 710 Tallahassee, Florida 32301

COMPLIMENTS

Turner Plumbing Co.

1903 HENDRICKS AVENUE
TELEPHONE 396-7044
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207

arlington
beaches
san jose

AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR

BEACH CRUISERS
CHOOSE COLORS
MENS — LADIES STYLES
1-6 SPEEDS
ALL TERRAIN BIKES

PARAMONT — TREK
CENTURION

RLINGTO

GUNOP” 1095 ARLINGTON RD.
NEAR REGENCY HOURS 9-6 MON.-SAT.

ZIP 32211

 

TREK @ CENTURION @ DIAMOND BACK @ SOLAR WIND

RACING and TRIATHLETE

CAMPY — SHIMANO — AVOCET

BEACHES

EN
ort' 724-4922 oro 244-0900
1303 NORTH THIRD ST. JAX. BCH.
HOURS TUES.-SAT. 10-6 SUN. 12-5

THE KING COMPANIES

Your One-Call Source for Personnel

FOR PERMANENT POSITIONS—

& JIM KING AND ASSOCIATES

398-KING (5464)

FOR TEMPORARY POSITIONS—
~ King Temporary Staffing, Inc.

399-KING (5464)

The next time youre changing jobs or
looking for qualified personnel call...
Barbara Schneider

1840 GULF LIFE TOWER
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32207

_ MR.BICYCLE® — on
CAO 1 DAY SERVICE eae

BMX — FREESTYLE FITNESS EQUIPMENT
PREDATOR — GT — HUTCH CYCLE TRAINERS — ROWERS
DIAMOND BACK — CW TREADMILLS — AIR DYNES

REDLINE — MONGOOSE — HARO PULSE METERS — READY TO

RENT and OWN

SAN JOSE
731-415
4444 HENDRICKS AVE.
MIRAMAR SHOPPING CENTER OPEN 9-6 MON.-SAT.

ZIP 32207

 

98 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
The Jewish Center’s Recreation Department’s goals are to provide the Jewish community
with program and activities that promote the improvement of physical skills, health, the
development of special interest and/or hobbies, and to provide the opportunity for relaxation
and social camaraderie.

Many of the recreation activities take place at the Center’s Recreation Park which consists
of approximately 10 acres of beautifully wooded campgrounds, complete with an olympic-size
swimming pool, bath houses, tennis courts, softball fields, and outdoor basketball court,
badminton area, children’s playground, gazebo, snack bar and shaded picnic area.

Within the main building is a regulation basketball court, the fully-equipped Neal Portnoy
Youth Lounge and an arts and crafts room, a large room for dances and a versatile stage for
musical and dramatic productions and a meat and dairy kitchen with the most modern
equipment. We take pride in our recreation program and the marvelous facilities of our Center.

Gayle Bailys will serve as Recreation Director. We are looking forward to a successful year
with Gayle at the helm.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 99
 

what a great summer!

Do you remember???

The home-made blueberry ice cream, Israeli scouts, swim-a-thon, pony
rides, magicians, treasure hunts, overnights, flying model helicopters, home-
made pita bread, carnival, swimming lessons, karate demos., craft sticks,
fishing, tigers, Arts & Science Museum, silver wind-up robots, show biz pizza,
cartooon dress up day, monkeys, chocolate popcorn, elephant straws, bowling,
C.I.T’s tye dye shirts, bicycle rides through Arrowhead, beach bums, police
visits, dress up day, Coca Cola necklaces, sack races, sand castle building,
cheese popcorn, Gators, pom poms, pom poms and more pom poms, critter
encounter, Kaballat Shabbat, Gold Head, canoeing, skating, beaded bracelets,
find-a-word puzzles, sports, Hokey Pokey, Charlie & the Chocolate Factory,
River City Playhouse, free swim, beach, Ichatucknee tubing trip, Carvel Ice
Cream, counselors, cave man dress-up day, blueberry picking, boogie man,
mining for stones, challah, Putt Putt, Judaica classes, nature walks, talent
show, arts & crafts, circus and clown dress up day, pirates and shipwrecks,
food, fun and excitement! ! !

With an average of 98 children per week, these are only a few of the activities, events and trips we all shared together.These are the things that have
created memories for the children and the staff of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Day Camp. These memories, plus the memories of the many other
exciting activities will stay with us throughout the year bringing a smile or a giggle when we remember . . .

The 1987 Jax Jewish Center Day Camp

The success of the 1987 Day Camp was due to the excellent imagination, creativity and supervision of the Day Camp and swimming pool staffs. The
camp and pool staff including Scott Balotin, Hannah Bendit, Ellen Goldring, Cindy Goldstein, Jill Goldstein, Laura Greenburg, David Levin,
Robby Levin, Karen Manasse, Avi Perets, Jennifer Segall, Sheree Spriggs, Susie Teitleman, Chris Turner, Michael Turner and Sherry
Turner, all gave their enthusiasm and leadership to enhance the camp. Jane Grann, Jerry Holthouser and Annice Yergin gave their time, energy
and expertise to give additional help and substance to special camp programs. Volunteering, yet working extremely hard, these C.I.T’s learned from the
camp and well as helping the counselors: Leslie Adler, Stephanie Adler, Michael Aronsohn, Greg Balotin, Valerie Baruch, Suzanne
Broadman, Mindy Goldberg, Alex Greenbaum, Golan Grinberg, Judy Jacobson, Michelle Levin, Deeanna Preston, Desiree Preston,
Sarah Rosenbloom, Meredith Schulman, Pam Scott and Dei Wells.

 

Gayle Bailys and Sheila Turner

 

100 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
hite Water Rafting

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Thirteen members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center family - 10 teen agers
and 3 adults took off for five days to the mountains of North Carolina for a
wonderful Judaica retreat and nature appreciation. After camping in Hot
Springs National Forest, the group went rafting on the French Broad River and
rock repelling. Every morning and evening, services were conducted and Jewish
rituals were totally observed. Discussion groups were led by Rabbi Kentof on
the meaning of the dietary laws and the passages of prayers that the youngsters
recited. On the fourth day of the trip, the youngsters tubed down a river flow at
Deep Creek, North Carolina. All in all, it was a wonderful trip which will remain
for many months in the minds of those who participated. Many thanks go to the
advisors, Mr. Allan Cohen and Mr. Allan Silberberg and Rabbi Dov Kentof, who

led the trip.

Campers: Greg Balotin, Bobby & Teddy Clayman, Joe Cohen, Jeffrey
Meyers, Nicole Portnoy, David Schnipper and Brent Trager.

 

 

LEADERSHIP

TRAINING
INSTITUTE

 

Summer Encampment

Summers are a unique
experience at Camp Blue Star in
Hendersonville, North Carolina for
teenagers, 7th grade and up.
Informal classes, discussion groups,
cultural activities, special evening
activities, including the usual camp
activities, are all part of the LT]
experience. Each year the Center is
represented by a very spirited
group of teens who return with
renewed enthusiasm. Rabbi Kentof
and his wife Alina are responsible
for some of the success of this
valuable program.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertise 101
The Sunday Sports Association (SSA)
includes the participation of the four
Jacksonville synagogues. It provides
area Jewish youth with alternative athle-
tic programs on Sunday afternoons.

Sunday Sports

All the games and practices are held
in the Fletcher-Selber Auditorium of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center.

We are grateful to Gayle Bailys who
coordianted the very successful program

LEAGUE
ONE

and the volunteer coaches for their
valuable assistance and time.

Over 120 youngsters enjoyed the
program. We look forward to next year’s
sports program.

 

RED . . . Coaches: Wayne Law and Steven Couf
Front (I-r): Hirsch Kravitz, Larry Couf, Rebecca Wofson, Katie Bettman.
Back (l-r): Jonathan Rand, Gregory Dacks, Ryan Law. Missing: Danny
Chaifair.

GREEN .. . Coaches: Bob Fleet and Ron Jackson (missing)
Front (I-r): Blake Eber, Sam Tannen, Eli Fleet, Adam Hodz, Shira Morris,
Heath Lewis. Missing: Hillary Jackson.

 
 

RED . . . Coaches: Dave Ferguson, Tom Spriggs and Jerry Rademan
Front (l-r): Hunter Ferguson, Julie Slavkin, Lisa Spriggs, Mathew Safer,
Josh Marks.

Back (I-r): Jocelyn Ferguson, Jason Rademan, Josh Rubens.

GREEN .. . Coaches: Alan Trager, Sanford Kadish and Steve Strumlauf.
Front (I-r): Michael Kadish, Adam Greenspan, Jeff Klein and Allan Couf.
Back (l-r): Kerry Stone, Matt McKinney, Josh Ortagus, Jason Trager,
Shawn Strumlauf.

LEAGUE
TWO

 

BLUE .. . Coaches: Dr. Steven Slavkin and Alan Trager
Front (I-r): Daniel Frisch, David Trager, Jessie Rauchwarger.

Back (I-r): Lane Goldberg, Heather Slavkin, Izak Leon, Alyssa Rademan.
Missing: Josh Delp.

ORANGE .. Coahes Gries Liocouits. Alan Mizrahi and Bruce Glassman
Front (I-r): Mary Davis, Brian Toblin, Ivy Epstein, Jeffrey Glassman,
Mathew Toblin. Missing: Phillip Echt.

 

BLUE .. . Coach: Art Dworkin
Front (l-r): Michael Gardell, Jason Dworkin, Simon Schuster, Angela
Edwards, Doug Weinstein, Lauren Schnipper and Todd Gaines. Missing:
Michael Siporin.

 

ORANGE .. . Coaches: Steve Albert, Paul Bloom, Barbara Veal
Front (l-r): Scott Albert, Eric Goldberg, Michael McNett, David Veal,
Jennie Marks, Susan Stromberg. Missing-Seth Bloom and Adam Shmunes.

102 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Association

 

 

RED ... Coaches: Warren Shulman and Barney Salzberg
Front (I-r): Stacie Marks, Stephen Shulman, Adam Frankel, Sloan Sussman.
Back (l-r): David Barnhard, Todd Sager, Joe Salzberg, Leed Silverfield.

Missing: Ben Setzer and Andrew Aronsohn.

 

GOLD ... Coach: Jack Bettman
Front (I-r): Abby Rauchwarger, Michael Garber, Bernie Echt, Alex Zeltser.
Back (l-r): Larry Hodz, Herschel Bettman, Jay Goldstein, Andrew Ryan.

LEAGUE 4

 

ae

RED ... Gaacie Gieaken Goldman and Allan

Front (I-r): Daryl Eber, Jeff Meyers, Michael
Aronsohn, Alex Greenbaum, Aron Greenburg,
Golan Grinberg. Missing: Burton Katz.

THREE

 

BLUE . . . Coaches: Barry Weisberg and Fred
Goldman Bailys

Front (I-r):Greg Balotin, David Schnipper, Ryan
Steckloff, Ryan Sherman. Missing: Bill Feeks,
Brent Trager, David Bielski.

 

BLUE .. . Coaches: Ken Fink and Dr. Marco Ran
Front (l-r): Jeremy Weil, Ben Fink, Morry Safer, Michael Osterman,
Jason Dacks.

Back (l-r): Heidi Drashin, Douglas Rand, Stacey Stearman, Laura Witten.

 

ORANGE .. . Coaches: Jerry Greeson, Charles Moskovitz and Dr.
Ken Sekine (missing)

Front (l-r): Freddie Sherman, Tillie Moskovitz, David Moskovitz, Faye
Gordon.

Back (l-r): Joshua Sekine, Lance Greeson, Daniel Zeal.

 

Ca

GREEN .. . Coaches: Randy Figur and David
Goldfield

Front (l-r): Noah Portnoy, Mike Passero, Ron
Gordon

Back (l-r): Robert Hyken, Ilya Giter, Val Teper.
Missing: Lowell Figur.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 103
 

AW Ss

BS

) Rhonda
J Passink

731-1842

Stationery, Invitations,
Announcements, Informals,
and
Monogrammed
Party Accessories

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

Qe
*Discount for Synagogue Members ="

 
 
 

FLORAL exeressions inc
260-0900

Express Your Feelings
With Flowers

MANDARIN EMPORIUM

 

“Something for any Occasion”’

Whetstone Chocolates
Dakin Plush Toys
Fresh & Silk Arrangements
Gifts & Balloons

We Do
Sunday Weddings

All Major Credit Cards
Accepted by Phone

City Wide Delivery

 

 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

NOW IS

FOREVER
Roberts’ Photography

Of Course
642-2595

104 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
 
 
 
 

Center Catering

Prestige
Kosher Foods
for
All Occasions

® Weddings

® Bar-Bat Mitzvahs
| @ Shabbat Dinners
® Brit or Baby Namings

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

y | @ Anniversaries
® Birthdays

 

® Family Reunions
® Banquets

® Business Meetings

 
 
 
 

of} @ Dinner-Dances

® Cocktail Parties

 
 
 

Sponsor a Shabbat Kiddush or Shalosh Seudot
in Honor or in Memory of a Loved One, for a Nominal Charge

 
 
 
 
 

For Your Convenience...
Invitations @ Stationery @ Informals
Yarmulkes @ Matches @ Napkins, Etc.
Available at 20% off all orders

* Ask about our plans for new “small group” facilities

FOR INFORMATION OR APPOINTMENT CALL:
BLANCHE SLOTT 268-6736
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 105
 

Mallory Hope, daughter of Jennifer Eber, daughter of Brian Lyle, son of Joshua Dov, son of
Mr. and Mrs. John Schwartz Debbie and Scott Eber Nancy and Stanley Cohen Margie and Abe Rogozinski
July 6, 1986 August 6, 1986 August 7, 1987 August 9, 1986

 

Adam David, son of James Aaron, son of Max Aaron, son of Rebecca Faye, daugther of
Ellen and Alan Rosner Linda and Rick Kraemer Edith (Gendzier) & Bruce Horovitz Missy (Press) & Julius Shapiro
August 10, 1986 Palo Alto, CA August 13, 1986 September 4, 1986

August 10, 1987

HOY JPAURAIDIE

since 1962

¢ Doll Houses ¢ Dolls & Clothes Video

¢ Miniatures ¢ Hobbies & Games Productions

¢ Doll Hospital ¢ Bears Advertising/Promotions @ Conventions

Weddings/Receptions @ Special Events
¢ Outstanding Toys ¢ Nursery Furniture

* Baby Gifts Sports @ Births e Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Lakewood Shopping Center Duplications @ Creator of the Romantic Stroll

1567 University Blvd. W. * 733-7633 7 43- 8 201

Merchant's Walk
9965 San Jose Blvd., #47 * 268-2700

396-2468 + 358-8530

1516 ATLANTIC BLVD. 3 1 INDEPENDENT SQ.

SERVING JACKSONVILLE

WINE & ROSES FOR OVER 60 YEARS
BOTTLE ENGRAVING

ALL MAJOR CARDS
ACCEPTED BY PHONE

355-6900 ae 396-5100

SOUTHERN BELL TOWER R SHERATON HOTEL
301 W. BAY STREET rye ST. JOHNS PLACE

 

106 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Andrea Marie, daughter of Avram Shraga, son of Lauren Rachel, daughter of Mallory Wayne, daughter of
Sharon (Resnick) and Jerry Seebol Earl and Hannah Berman Shelli and Robert Richter Zelda (Slaff) and Jeff Charatz
September 16, 1986 Jerusalem, Israel October 15, 1986 Winnetka, IL

September 16, 1986 October 15, 1986

Jennifer Sarah, daughter of Ari Joshua, son of Oren Paul, son of Samantha Jill, daughter of
Beth and Mark Shorstein Mareda and Michael Friedman Cindy (Proctor) and Moti Demri Karen (Baumgarten) & Leopold Sher
November 4, 1986 November 6, 1986 November 8, 1986 New Orleans, LA

November 9, 1986

MEN & WOMEN FOOTWEAR

FREEMAN ° HUSH PUPPIES ° EVANS
DEXTER > RED CROSS ° SELBY > BASS
CALICO ° EASY STREET ° TROTTERS

FAMOLARE ° LIFE STRIDE
GRASSHOPPERS ° JOY WALKERS
OUTDOORABLES ° NIKE ° KEDS
DANIEL GREEN

Jacksonville, Florida 32217
(904) 262-9771

y's
kK. e Merchants Walk
hoes 9965-11 San Jose Boulevard

¢ LAKEWOOD/SAN JOSE PLAZA

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 107
Our Gables

 

Brett Michael, son of Allison Paige, daughter of Jereme Owen, son of Jessica Hannah, daughter of
Susan and Fred Eaalstein Madeline and Stuart Hecht Wendy (Margol) and Fred Pozin Randi and Sam Rogozinski
November 18, 1986 November 21, 1986 November 26, 1986 November 26, 1986

 

Dana Hilary, daughter of David Sean, son of Mathew Edward, son of Lauren Estee, daughter of
Teri (Silberstein) and Neil Wiesenfeld Terri and Michael Price Robin and Michael Shorstein, Michelle and Drew Margol
Atlanta, GA December 21, 1986 Altamonte Springs, FL January 23, 1986
December 20, 1986 January 9, 1986

 

Avi Daniel, twin son of Benjamin Dov, twin son of Jodi Beth, daughter of Alexandra Ferrell, daughter of
Deborah (Bressler) & Joseph Weisblatt Deborah (Bressler) & Joseph Weisblatt Risa (Waitz) and Jay Schneider Yolanda and Alvin Brown
Highland Park, NJ Highland Park, NJ February 27, 1987 New York City
February 10, 1987 February 10, 1987 February 27, 1986

731-3662

IRA E. GOLDFIELD, cLu

Universal Life; Disability Income & Employee
ELICI Ou s Benefit Plans: 401K, Pension/Profit Sharing,
Group Life & Health, IRA’s; Mutural Funds;

md fi AS ey Tax Deferred Investments.
or ‘the re out Goo™

* Homemade appetizers, entrees, desserts * IRA GOLDFIELD INSURANCE
2901 Independent Square

Party trays * Gift baskets Jacksonville, Florida 32202

ae Telephone: (904) 354-3726 Bus.
* Picnics to go * 904) 731-5227 Res.

 

108 | Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

David Jonathan, son of Faye Elizabeth, daughter of Eliott Harry, son of Sara Ariella, daughter of

Mary and Leonard Selber Lynne (Goldstein) and Zelda (Fraden) and Harold Greenberg Martha and Larry Smolley
March 10, 1987 Lenny Maimon April 3, 1987 April 10, 1987
April 1, 1987

 

Zachary Asher, son of Ariel Dana, daughter of Ron, son of Joel Arthur, son of Alexander Paige, son of
Robin and Jeffery Morris Louise (Berman) and Myra and Avi Perets Rena and Gary Shoenberg Suzy (Sandler) and
May 4, 1987 David Levine May 5, 1987 May 6, 1987 Ricky Goldman
May 5, 1987 May 19, 1987

 

Elizabeth Rose, daughter of Scott Hilton, son of Erin Frances, daughter of Andrew Scott, son of
Sandy (Ruby) and Steven Weisstein Lauren (Schemer) and Jeanine and Dr. Chaim Rogozinski Lisa and David Weiss
May 25, 1987 Steven Webb July 8, 1987 March 27, 1987

June 7, 1987

 

Rachel Erin, daughter of Jason Philip, son of Shea Beth, daughter of Adina Ruth, daughter of
Nancy and Jeffrey Nykerk Adrian and Steven Greenhut Risa Resnick and Cantor Eliot and
May 28, 1987 May 10, 1987 John Williams Karen (Mizrahi) Vogel
July 16, 1987 June 3, 1987
NOT PICTURED:

Lonnie Allison, daughter of Deborah and Alan Huber, April 1, 1987 — Matthew William, son of Judy (Sprecher) and Thomas Cooley, May 29, 1987
— Micah Jacob, son of Eve and Howard Rosenblatt, June 9, 1987, Gainesville, Florida — Litza Eileen, daughter of Pam and Alex Orban

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 109
For the Best...

Gaye's Catering and
Party Service

3732 Mente Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
Phone 399-8043

“YOUR HAPPINESS
1S

GUARANTEED “

CITY WIDE
& BEACHES
DELIVERY

3802
BEACH BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207

 

FLORIST

110

ALL MAJOR CARDS ACCEPTED BY PHONE

| @
ENTERPRISES
1957 SAN MARCO BOULEVARD

JACKSONVILLE
396-6195

CRANE

PERSONALIZED

STATIONERY & INVITATIONS
GIFTS

RANDEE STEINBERG, OWNER

OLNERAL: WHOLESALE CO.
OF FLORIDA

Distributors of Fine Wines and Liquors

2759 W. 5th Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32205
Phone 786-1500

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

WEDDING INVITATIONS

& ANNOUNCEMENTS

BAR & BAT MITZVAH INVITATIONS
BIRTH ANNOUNCEMENTS
Bar/Bat Mitzvah

“Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.
Proverbs 22.6

 

Gieqor Balotin Ragen Roth

October 31 - November 1, 1986 November 14 - 15, 1986 November 22, 1986 November 29, 1986
Atlanta, GA

 

 

Carol Ann Hall Rebecca Majorie Zapen Jeffrey Todd Fages
December 5 - 6, 1986 December 5 - 6, 1986 December 6, 1986
Washington D.C.

 

Orit Kassel Amy Ilene Jacobs Andrew Lipman Heather Steinberg
December 20, 1986 December 27, 1986 January 10, 1987 January 16 - 17, 1987

Israel Miami, FL Atlanta, GA

 

ite

Stephanie Dawn Adler Stephen Mark Wolchok Sandy Ian Zieaneunvan
January 23 - 24, 1987 January 24, 1987 February 7 - 8, 1987

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 111
Bar/Bat Mitzvah

 

Kiberde Lessner
March 7, 1987
Atlanta, GA

 

 

 

(igs

Daniel Aaron Kulchin Aidenc Marsha Silke Melissa Beth Bidens
April 3 - 4, 1987 April 4, 1987 April 24 - 25, 1987 May 1 - 2, 1987
San Diego, CA

 

 

Ron Gordon : Jennifer Zinz Fishler David Michael ides
May 8 - 9, 1987 May 8, 1987 May 15 - 16, 1987
Baltimore, MD

ALL TYPES OF REMODELING & NEW CONSTRUCTION
RESIDENTIAL-COMMERCIAL-INDUSTRIAL

“in the pink house”
Invitations for all Celebrations!
Bar/Bat Mitzvah gift registry
Antique and Comtemporary

Desk accessories
Baby Room - featuring Beatrice Potter

and Gund Animals 268.7995
FREE ESTIMATES

COMPANY, INC.

STATE CERTIFIED BUILDING CONTRACTOR

: MORRIE H. OSTERER 9735 SHARING CROSS COURT
Cissy Anderson 5959 St. Augustine Rd. PRESIDENT JACKSONVILLE, FLA. 32217

733-4820 at University Blvd.

 

112 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

te tia

Kichelle Beth: Levin
May 22-23, 1987

Bobby Giada
June 15, 1987
Jerusalem, Israel

 

ar/Bat Mitzvah

 

Rebekah Lauren Por ban Joanna Jill Spiwak
May 29-30, 1987 May 29-30, 1987

 

Teddy Clayman
June 15, 1987 June 15, 1987
Jerusalem, Israel Jerusalem, Israel

 

Nicole Beth Dorion | Aaron David Gottlieb

Suzanne Broadman
June 14, 1987 June 16, 1987 June 19-20, 1987
Morshet Yisrael, Jerusalem Mt. Scopus, Israel

 

June 26-27, 1987

 

Lg

Faye Ashley Setzer Natalie “Talie” Bielski
September 4-5, 1987 September 11-12, 1987

Not pictured: JAY WEINSTEIN, November 14-15, 1986;
SAM SIGHOLZ, January 17, 1987, El Paso, TX;
JENNA LEIGH FELDER, April 11, 1987, Clearwater, FL

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

Jeffrey Adam Meyers
June 12-13, 1987

Noah Marcus Portnoy
June 15, 1987
Jerusalem, Israel

Tara Lynn Ross
June 19-20, 1987
Cinnaminson, N.J.

Mark Chayman
June 15, 1987
Jerusalem, Israel

113
Best Wishes For A Happy New Year

In deep appreciation to all my friends
that have been so loyal to me.

CAKES BY
BERTHA BROWN

 

SPECIALIZING IN
ALL WEDDING CAKES

and also
BAR & BAT MITZVAH CAKES AND ALL OTHER OCCASIONS

Baked to Order - by Appointment Only

PHONE 744-6799 or 744-2016

JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32211

5913 MERRILL ROAD

1S€YS

Our Advert

zing

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patron

114
 

Maxine Gail Gross & Robert P. Gordon Robin Abraham & Dr. Phillip Dolinsky Yvette Hanania & Irving Cohen
June 29, 1986 September 1, 1986 September 2, 1986
Napa, California Israel

 

Diane Archer & Stephen Presser Veeda Brodetsky & Seth Margol Deborah Kwasman & Larry Gendzier
September 20, 1986 November 27, 1986 November 29, 1986
New York City B’nei B’rok Israel

 

Deborah Datz & Jason Myers Deborah Rauchwarger & Donald Kaye llisa Schneider & Steven Safer
April 4, 1987 May 24, 1987 May 31, 1987

 

Terry Whitehouse & Richard Ansbacher Gail Blattner & Lawrence Kaplan
June 6, 1987 June 14, 1987
Baltimore, Md. Orlando, Florida

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 115
The Pozin Family Invites You to The

RAMADA INN CONFERENCE CENTER

1-295 at State Road 13
Catering to the Particular Needs of Our Community:
Kosher Catering Available

 

Bar Mitzvahs Parties
Banquets Meetings
Receptions Weddings

Gi Gi Restaurant
Where Old World Elegance Blends With Mandarin Charm

Gi Gi Lounge

Gourmet Contemporary Music Puts Action In Your Evening

268-8080

Best Wishes
Lodi 7 Mark L. Lodinger
i? adler Jennie L. Schneider, CLU, ChFC

(904) 737-9166

e Annuities e Estate Planning

e Life Insurance ® Property & Casualty

¢ Business Insurance © Group Health & Life Insurance
@ Disability Income Insurance @ Pension and/or Profit Sharing

8829 San Jose Blvd. @ Jacksonville, Florida 32217 @ Bus. 737-9166

116 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
| SWANAH

Jovay |
pins Most & Wins
Koy. Ne Gn

Liaisy, fay / Oe

 

 

PERDUE OFFICE INTERIORS, INC.

Design, Space Planning and Furnishings

for the Office Enviroment.

| Steelcase - Boling - Gunlocke = Kimball = Alma =

Hickory = Council Craftsman = Patrician
and other leading manufacturers.

SHOWROOM & WAREHOUSE
$051 BAYBERIY KID
737-5898

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 117
118

Compliments

of a
Friend

MACKOUL DISTRIBUTORS, INC.

RESIDENTIAL INTERIOR DESIGN

Architectural Innovations

COMMERCIAL
Mini Blinds Blackout Drapery
The Roman Shade Vertical Blinds

The Austrian Shade The Balloon Shade

Harry N. Nestler, Interiors
8829 San Jose Park Drive
737-5002

(San Jose Center)

Stage Drapery
Auditortum Drapery

BEST WISHES

HYGEMA HOUSE
MOVERS

WE BUY & SELL BUILDINGS
FREE ESTIMATES
BUILDING LEVELED

P.O. BOX 2655 PHONE 764-9509/282-4121
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32203
Over 40 Years of Expert Service

Compliments of

Fillingham Bros. Inc.

Roofing & Sheet Metal Work

2405 Pearl Street
Jacksonville, Florida

Phone: 354-6874

COMPLIMENTS
OF
ROBERT ROTH
INSURANCE AGENCY
3929 San Jose Park Drive
Jacksonville, Fla. 32217
Phone 733-8836

Compliments of. . .

Richards/Labry, Inc.

FOOD BROKERS

CATES GLa
& ANNIVERSARY

1926 - 1987
mf 11 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS

905 W. Forsth St.
9029 Lem Turner Rd.
3681 St. Augustine Rd.
2821 Liberty St.
4510 Appleton Ave.
410 Mill Creek Rd.
2221 Kingsley Ave.
130 N. Third St.
802 Anastasia Blvd.
3603 S. Ist St.
1601 S. 8th St.

Sg

Z
%

Downtown
Northside
Southside
Eastside
Westside
Regency
Orange Park
Jax. Beach
St. Augustine
Lake City
Fernandina

MARK’S SPECIALITY SHOP
Downtown Since 1916

Fashions for the missy and
full figure woman

38 W. Duval Street

353-5030 9:30-5:30

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
JACKSONVILLE: 5
NUMBER ONE
DEALER

‘Ro ddenb erys

ockegat oes
Soe tl

4 e rs hg ay
ae en) ca C7
aS (ps Ea hp ww
The

QUALITY FOODS SINCE 1889 Chevy Place’
JERRY HAMM
CHEVROLET

2600 PHILLIPS HIGHWAY
398-3036

Compiimenis o;.. .

Florida Sound Engineering Company
3016 Mercury Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
904/733-9000

FLEET & ASSOCIATES
ARCHITECTS/PLANNERS, INC.

2970 Hartley Road @ Suite 204
fe Jacksonville, FL 32217 © (904) 262-4473

Robert S. Fleet, AIA Janis K. Fleet, AICP

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

119
Best Wishes For A
Happy & Healthy New Year

Barbara G. &
Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea, Daren, Bradley

& Sandy —

Healthy and Happy New Year
from
THE LEVIN FAMILY
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Levin
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Plotkin and Children
Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Overstreet and
Children
Mr. and Mrs. George Levin and Children

120 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
A Happy, Healthy New Year to
Nathan & Thelma Schneider

from their children and grandchildren

Victor and Marty
Daniel, Susan, April, Kim and Barry
Michael and Barbara |
Lisa, Ivy and Stephanie > t

May the Coming Year
Bring to You
All the Blessings of
Health, Peace and Joy

The Shorsteins

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 121
Best Wishes For
A
Happy, Healthy New Year

Natch and Seth Srager
Sheri, Lrent and Orica

IN ae Aw

For the New Year and Always
Health, Happiness and Peace

‘To You and Yours

Mr. and Mrs. Harry Berman

Lena Barber and Family

Shirley Kagan
Harold Barber

 

122 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
may yOu be

inscribed for sincere Wishes

C1 good year for a
Healthy, Happy Year

Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman
Melissa, Jennifer & Suzanne Maxine, Jerry & Amy Funk

The Goldschmidts
wish our friends a
year of health and
contentment.
Florence (Flossie)

Mark & Helen
Aaron, Joshua, Shari and Rebecca

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 123
Best Wishes

Mr. Ben M. Hoffenberg

To all of our friends & relatives

We extend our Best wishes
fora

Healthy & Happy New Year

Estelle & Hyman Selber

 

 

Good Health, Happiness

and Peace
to You and Yours

throughout the New Year

Mr. Mel Jawitz and Family

 

For the New Year and Always

Health, Happiness and Peace
to You & Yours

Dr. Jerome & Diane Weitzen
Michael, Leah & Amanda

 

124 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
May You Be
Inscribed
For A Fealthy.

Happy New Year

Mr. and Mrs. Martin Edwards
Angela & Joshua

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Our Wisk

Jor 1b Year Of
Peace aud Frealth

Isaac, Linda, Alyson,
Myer & Eric Levy

i °SRANAF TOVAR

Evelyn & Lew Meisel

 
 

A YEAR OF HEALTH,
HAPPINESS AND PEACE
Ginette and Charles Mizrahi
and Beth

Karen and Cantor Eliot Vogel
Alisa Beth and Adina Ruth

Roland and Gail Mizrahi
and Lane Anton

 

 

 
 

A Year of Health,
Happiness and Peace.

Rhoda and Norman Kagan
Tricia, Paul, Seth,
and Dorian Bloom

With Warm and 3S p ecial Sho ughts
and Cuery Good Wish jor a
Cery Ftappy New Gear
Esther and Howard Margol

and Family
Atlanta, Georgia

Greetings

and

Gest Wesker

Jim McMillian
Sheriff

Best Wishes
For A Healthy
and Happy New Year

Mr. & Mrs. Philip Selber
Mr. & Mrs. Simon Selber
Rachel and Miriam
Mr. & Mrs. Leonard Selber
Julie, Allison, Ben & David

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 125
Best Wishes for a

Happy New Year Hd
Rochelle & Bernie Shainbrown

from

New Years Greetin gs

from
Dennis and Charlotte Lafer

The Pollan Family and Family

May the coming New Year

pe oem | LaMtanall lovah

and Happiness

@
Bryon & Sonya Morris & Jan
Debbie & David Simkin
Daniel Aron and Daren Joshua
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Shira Rebecca, Aliza Danielle Allyson, Barry
and Zachary Asher & Elyssa Newman
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca HALLIE FA IN

rn
Cnd KAREN

126 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 
We Thank God
for

>) re Yc > De

and wish everyone a
year filled with
good health
and happiness.

Martha and Larry Smolley
Benjy and Aron

May You Be Inscribed
For A Good Year

Jack and Mayer Becker

WH’ Shona

Goua

Dr. and Mrs. Matthew K. Becker

 

Best Wishes
For The
New Year

Emily & Eli Fink

 

sO mw>

from
Irina, Viktor, Leonid & Dalia Brailovsky
Felice, Morris, Lara & Erika Shriftman

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

127
Llp (anf

L’Shana Tova
Richard, Deborah & Martin Birnbaum

Greetings
Kenneth A. Bowden

Ilse Becker
Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell Brooks
Maurice and Estelle Cherry

Best Wishes for an Healthy & Happy New Year
Mrs. Sam (Gussie) Cherry

A Happy and Healthy New Year
Myra and Macy Cohen

Mr. and Mrs. Nathaniel Dreazen
New Year Greetings to all my Friends and
Relatives

Anne C. Dubow

A Happy and Healthy New Year
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Edwards

L’Shana Tova
Rose A. Entman & Family

Best Wishes for a Happy and Healthy New Year

The Goldfields
Marilynn, Ira David and Daniel

David and Cynthia Goldring
Bruce and Ellen

Mr. and Mrs. Ted Gross
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kramer & Family

Dr. Mike and Marilyn Mass
Ellis and David

Mrs. Jacob (Goldie) Margolin

Jack and Nancy Mizrahi
Sara and Dena

Juliette and David Moed

Teddy and Isadore Moscovitz
Children and Grandchildren

Dr. and Mrs. Melvin Newman & Family

Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Jakob and Ella Rogozinski

Marilyn and Nathan Sandler & Family

New Year Greeting
Minnie Schreiber

Mr. and Mrs. Sam Sherter & Family
Wish Everyone Happy New Year

Mr. and Mrs. Stephen Silverman
David and Ari

Jack and Sally Sternstein
The Sidney Stillmans

Greetings and Best Wishes for the New Year
Berte and Bill Tobias

Bill and Erda Starling wish everyone a Happy,
Healthy and Prosperous New Year

Sylvia and Isidore Weiss & Family

A Happy and Healthy New Year to All
Arlene, Evan and Esther Yegelwel

In Honor of Seven Wonderful Grandchildren
Mrs. Harry (Ruby) Yergin

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Best Wishes

Allan, Kathy, Joseph &
Crista Cohen

Best Wishes For A Healthy &
Happy New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Sidney Goldblatt
& Daughter, Sheena

A Happy & Healthy New Year
Allie Goldstein

Barbara & Robert Cantor
Billy & Steven

Rozie Rosenbaum
Hosh & Jennifer

Cheri & Richard Goldstein
& Jason

Our Best Wishes For A
Healthy, Happy & Prosperous
New Year

Mr. & Mrs. Edwin W. Held, Jr.

Kim & Eric

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

Best Wishes for a
Happy, Healthy New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Ben Frisch
Adam, Mark & Steven

Happy & Healthy New Year from
Alan, Renee’, Dana, Robert,
Michael, Ronnie & Faye Gordon

The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Emily & Cara

We Wish You all a Happy,
Healthy New Year
Sheldon, Harriet, Lee
& Kevin Kaplan

 

129
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Mickie & Inman Leff
Woburn, Massachusetts

We'll always be
from Jacksonville

Health and Happiness
for the
New Year

Jewell and Herman Miller

Best Wishes for a
Happy and Healthy
New Year

Alan, Jo, Stacie,
Josh and Jennie Marks

Dr. David & Judy Mizrahi

& Family

 

Good Health, Happiness & Peace
to You and Yours
Throughout the New Year

Dr. and Mrs. Ronald Levin
Michael, Risa & Dina

Best Wishes for a Healthy,
Happy New Year To our Family
& Friends
Betty Ann & Hilbert Margol
Sophie Weinstein & Family

Atlanta, Georgia

A Happy and Healthy
New Year from
Robin and Jeffrey Morris
Shira, Aliza & Zachary

 

Good Health To All.

Peace & Love on Earth from
Ed & Pearl Mass

 

130 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
A Message from Rabbi Dov Kentof
Youth & Education Director

A woman was driving a carpool of children who started to jostle
and yell. When she turned around to quiet them she drove through
a red light and almost ran downa man. The man walked over to the
car overflowing with children and said, “Lady, don’t you know
when to stop?” Glancing back at the children, she said icily, “They
aren’t all mine.”

Our lives are filled with so many distractions that we rarely stop
to think what it means to be Jewish, or just as important, how to
be Jewish. No religion or culture can live by its thoughts and
teachings alone. it needs forms and rituals to encapsulate its
truths, symbols and observances to penetrate an individual's inner
being, and festivals and holidays to celebrate its values and pre-
serve its history. If an ethnic or social system is to survive, it must
keep its adherents constantly informed of its essential character
and purpose. The ideas and ideals of a people may give it signifi-
cance, but its group habits give it life.

As Jews, many of us have kept the holidays and customs for
years without knowing why. Others have not practiced the basic
traditions because they were never taught how. Still others refrain from holiday oleeranees out of
embarrassment born of pseudo-sophistication or because they lack the impulse to act. We all need to know
more about the practices of Judaism. And while practice may not necessarily make perfect, at least it will
help make us informed, involved, and intelligent Jews.

With the beginning of this new year, I am asking all parents of our children to make a family commitment,
not only to send your child to a Hebrew School, but to get involved yourselves in the Parent Education
Program, in supporting our school and teachers and in standing behind our goals and objectives and
involving ourselves with Jewish activities. We are here to help involve and inspire. We are asking you to do
the same. May this new year bring commitment and inspire all of us.

Alina, Gil and Tali join me in wishing you and your family all the happiness for the new year.

 

 

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 131
Grades5&6 Youth

 

 

ae ee a eee
=e oo 2S & 6 2 4
vie 6 ee eS
De Ne a ee
ee i eee Lo eee
oe eee ees eae =
ow oe ee
2 ee ee
pe ee e
BPS, cc aigaat 2 4 agg ay at ad tae e
Saab sree. omens 2
Bp ese abet a one S =
Ce ee pete ceed ene ts ee gee ae
Se oe ae :
gk Sak aga Gre ge dae
ese ot pee caeee
oo eee ee
Be ee se :
Gy a a ere
ao eee ;
eet ege ¢
a 8 Re ce
Shia? §
coe ee Sl

 

C
H

SS

—_e

Sm

SK

Our Advertisers

Zing

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patron

132
Groups

Grades 7 & 8

ae
fs
ie

Hs

i
Bi

Officers

i

ielsk

ie B

Tal

PROS ile roe sates oo ante eh or ee ne er

inberg

wseeseess Meather Ste

Vice President-Social Action

ichelle Levin

M

Vice President-Tikun Olam

Adler

le

Stephani

SCCICtaW sia ksh be wee econ S

Ari Silverman

eoee3see

WROASUTC Re en ee ls

field

ilynn & Ira Gold

Mar

PYAWISONS A oc es See es

for you and
ids who already belong

is a youth group

thousands of k

KADIMA

In a

kids

Jewish kids who-want to be

Learns and ©
is all about

Competes and celebrates

And

ings.
ish
ble

 

ing Jew

O

that dances and s
in every way imagina

shares what be

way
plays

133

Our Advertisers

1zing

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patron
6944 St. Augustine Road, Suite C
Jacksonville, FL 32217

A FULL SERVICE AGENCY

| red
We RIVER CITY TRAVEL AGENCY

PERSONAL SERVICE for the DISCRIMINATING TRAVELER

Airline Tickets AmTrack
Cruises Group Tours
Ski Trips Freighter Travel

Commercial Accounts Welcome
Phone 737-9737
All Major Credit Cards Accepted
Carol Abrahamson Ruth Larsen
Huguette Steffens Joan Selander

Pamper Yourself
Abas

BEST WISHES
L’CHAIM — TO HEALTH RIVERSIDE

RECORD BAR

GOWN SHOP

1021 Park Street at 5 Points Phone 355-6230
Jacksonville, Florida 32204

Regency Square Phone 725-0244

Cedar Hills Shop. Ctr. Phone 771-0166 | 262-8154
262-8155
‘ §

Gateway Mall Phone 768-2363

ej} ® © UF ¢@
Orange Park Mall Phone 264-3692 SS Er Ww YOR Ke.
9825-37 San Jose Ae 2 Oy p
Dy

Highland Square Phone 751-6685 Jacksonville,
FL 32217

 

134 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Officers 1987-88

President ceviec fawn udscdenu cue ss bo 5 es eee
Executive Vice President ................... Cheryl Bossen
Vice President-Social Action/Tikun Olam ..... Cindy Burman
Vice President-Religious/Educational ........... Alan Mizrahi
Vice President-Membership/Kadima ........ Craig Kornblum
Vice President-Social/Fund Raising ......... Daniel Goldfield
Treastirer. oo. esis peaks coe es vad eee 2S aie eeianici
Secretary oo 5545 5ick oe a

Advisors: Barbara and Robert Cantor

Grades 9-12

 

Sept %

 

The general aim of the United Synagogue Youth program is to bring about a meaningful and fully reciprocal encounter of
Juadism, the Jewish people, and the synagogue on one side, and the Jewish teenager on the other. As a result of this encounter,
the Jewish teenager will, firstly, demonstrate and experience how the Jewish way of living, through study, action and fellowship
leads the way to personal fulfillment and growth while meeting his spiritual and social needs; and secondly, make a significant
contribution to his synagogue, community, society and the Jewish people.

For more information call the Youth office, 268-6736.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 135
Cub Scout Pack 14

 

Den 1 Leader - Sue Ann Blumenthal Den 2 _ Leaders - Arlene Rademan & Sheryl Sekine (not pictured)
Front (I-r): Eitan Herman, Barry Blumenthal, Joshua Rubens, Alex LeBeau. (l-r): Jordan Perin, Colin McDonagh, Jayson Dacks, Jason Rademan, Sammy

Back (I-r): Michael Osterman, Adam Frisch, David Moskovitz and Elan Herman. Efron, Mathew Safer. (Not pictured - Joshua Sekine, and Alan Couf).

 

OE

 

Den 3_ Leader - Vivian Levine Den 4 Leader - Becky Hall
Front (I-r): Mark Oberson, Michael Kadish, Michael McNett, Brian Levine. Front (I-r): Zachery Price, Max Stein, Brian Bell.
Back (I-r): Josh Kornblum, Seth Bloom and Eric Goldberg. Back (I-r): Adam Crowe, Jason Austin, Curtis Hall and Chris Nute.

 

Webelos - Leader - Tom McCullough Cub Scout Pack Committee

Front (I-r): Todd Wahnish, Thomas McCullough, Adam Dean, Michael Garber. (I-r): Anne DePaul - Scout Coordinator, Bonnie Osterman - Secretary, Nelson Dean
Back (I-r): Lance Greeson, Jay Goldstein, Morry Safer and Todd Blumenthal. - Assistant to Cubmaster, Carole Goldberrg - Chairman & Treasurer, Lanny Zim-

merman - Cubmaster, Linda Dacks - Publicity.

Cub Scouts is the phase of Boy Scouts that includes boys 7, 8, 9, & 10 years of age. The purpose of this program is to develop good character and encourage spiritual
growth, good citizenship, good sportsmanship, comaraderie with other boys, and a sense of personal achievement.

Pack 14 had five very successful and rewarding dens who met weekly under the guidance of volunteer leaders. Once a month the whole pack and their families met for such
activities as: Pinewood Derby, Scout Sabbath, Blue and Gold Banquet, a campout and quest speakers. At these meetings the boys shared their den accomplishments, put on
skits, and were ceremoniously given badges they earned.

e success of Cub Scouts depends on adult support and involvement. Please call if you can help. A very special thank you to Lanny Zimmerman for all his help, guidance
and understanding.

Happy Scouting, Carole Goldberg
136 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Boy Scout Troop 14

 

Boy Scout Troop 14 was founded in 1919 by Rabbi S. Stein,
and nearly 70 years later continues to serve the needs and
interests of today’s youth. Troop 14 is proud of its illustrious
history and to be among the several oldest troops in North
Florida, but continues to be a pacesetter winning the National
Honor Unit Award in 1987.

Troop 14 completed another banner year in 1886-87. The
year was capped by a trip to Camp Old Indian nestled in the
scenic mountains of the Carolinas. There the boys enjoyed a
unique experience camping, backpacking, rappelling, white
water rafting and canoeing in the rugged region. Scouts in
attendance at the summer camp included: Michael Weitzen,
Michael Albert, Seth Rothstein, Adam DePaul, Michael
Walsh, Andy Ussach, Mark Tarrance, Brian Glossman,
Nathan Morgans, Mark Gentry, David Goldberg, Danny
Johnson, Teron Stringer and Life Wilensky.

The year was highlighted by a myriad of exciting camping
trips. At Blue Springs State Park, the Scouts lodged in cabins
and admired the abundant natural wildlife, including manatees
and alligators, from a safe distance.

During a weekend encampment at Oleno State Park, the
Scouts took time to tube en masse down the exhilirating
Itchetuknee River. Gold Head State Park provided a welcome
diversion for the constituents in the fall.

Troop 14 visited Payne’s Prairie near Gainesville where
park rangers have attempted to recreate the natural aura of
the land centuries past by replenishing the vast expanse with
American buffalo and wild mustang. The trip to Payne’s
Prairie was accented by an educational, nature walk led by
Park rangers and a return to the Florida State Museum.

Troop 14 returned last fall to the ever popular Ginni Springs
where the group camped on the banks of the beautiful Sante
Fe’ River and enjoyed water activities in the crystal clear
springs. Fort Wilderness at Disney World played host to
Troop 14 once again for what has become an annual favorite.

Service to others is highly valued by the constituents of
Troop 14, and is a fundamental tenet of scouting. This year
past, the Troop revisited Mt. Carmel Gardens retirement
home for its third annual Thanksgiving Day event. The
Scouts enjoyed serving a special Thanksgiving Day meal to,
and visiting with, the grateful residents of Mt. Carmel
Gardens.

 

Front Row (l-r): Michael Walsh, Michael Albert, Danny
Johnson, Teron Stringer, Andy Ussach, Brian Usoff, David
Goldberg, Aaron Gottlieb

Middle Row (I-r): Jeff Ghelerter, Sean Usoff, Adam DePaul,
Marc Gentry, Michael Weitzen, Brian Glossman, Paul Arten
Back Row (I-r): Harry Peltz (asst. Scoutmaster), Grey Walsh
(asst. Scoutmaster), Marty Gottlieb, Bill Wilensky (asst.
Scoutmaster), Randy Silverberg (Scoutmaster), Steve
Ghelerter (Committee Chairman), Dan Wilensky (asst.
Scoutmaster)

Not Pictured: John George, Roger Golcher, Tommy Hunter,
Nathan Morgans, Richard Norve, Seth Rothstein, Life Wilensky,
Michael Shultz, Shane Steinfeld, Kyle Steinfeld, and Mark
Tarrance.

Under the planning and direction of Senior Patrol Leader
Michael Weitzen, the Troop raised the funding and provided
the ingenuity and labor to construct a clay volleyball court on
the grounds of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for the
enjoyment of all its members.

Troop 14’s weekly meeting agenda includes scouting skills,
games, sports and public speakers of interest. A ten-mile hike
to the Museum of Arts and Sciences by way of the scenic
River Road area was punctuated by lunch at Worman’s Deli.
NASA provided a stimulating program keeping our modern
scouts current on the latest trends and developments out of
the Space Agency.

Troop 14 thrilled the attendees of the annual Blue and Gold
Banquet with improvisational skits, “ The Sylvester Stalone
School of Scouting” and “Host Busters,” a parody of several
popular television game shows. Scout Sabbath provided a
special occasion for the troop members to join with Cub Pack
14 to again reaffirm Scouting’s dedication to the principle that
a scout is reverent. Rabbi Kentof provided the exceptional
spiritual leadership at the Sabbath service to which we have
become accustomed.

Boy Scout Toop 14 can be truly proud of its program, and
welcomes interested boys of 11 years and above to join its
ranks.

from lhe simplest lo: the most elite

Nephi Medes Don Fe Ges

jor your orden 268 6736

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 137
Junior Congregation

 

Junior Congregation meets every
Shabbat in the Witten Chapel

Fabulous trips are planned for Junior Congregants...
Disneyworld, Epcot, Marineland, Wild Waters and more.

 

YYy i Yj
at

)
7
if

Aaron Gottlieb, Lee Kaplan and Stephen Ziemba
receive attendance awards

 

 

rownies and Girl Scouts

For many years, the Center Sisterhood has actively sponsored the Brownie and Girl Scout Troops
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Scouting is a very important phase of the youth program in the
Center. It helps develop character, usefulness at home, appreciation of nature and the out-of-doors,
creation of objects of beauty and usefulness from simple things, and it helps these young people to find
their places in the synagogue and community through service.

Our Brownie and Girl Scout program provides all of these opportunities for our young women of
tomorrow. For further information regarding Girl Scouts, call Clara Mann 733-6472; for Brownies, call
Jane Grann 262-2234

 

138 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
United Synagogue Summer Programs
Camp Ramah

Camp Ramah is a very special place where you not only learn about Judaism,
but you also live it. Anyone who has ever visited Ramah has been touched by the
unique spirit that grows there. Ramah offers a full range of camp athletic and social
activities in addition to its special blend of Jewish cultural and social activities.

Over the years, RAMAH has helped instill a deeper commitment to Judaism in
many of its participants. The Center believes that benefits accrue to the congrega-
tion, not just to the individual. We have, therefore, made monies available to
reduce the financial cost of qualified students, regardless of need. These monies
are not part of the regular Center budget, but rather are raised by donations to the
Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, Center Sisterhood, scholarships and from
other donations made throughout the year. | ) )

Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish education Ramah Campers 1987: (1) Back Row: Jonathon

: ; ; : A ; plan, Jay Goldstein, Morry Safer, Eric
pruposes. With the full support of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never __kravitz, Kevin Kaplan. Front Row: (-r) Melissa Brodsky,
lost interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe Selber Trust have been used Emily Goldberg, Rachel Mizrahi and Lisa Schneider. Miss-
to send campers to Ramah. ing from photo: Aron Greenburg.

We are grateful to Horty Gendzier who coordinates this worthwhile program.

 

USY ON WHEELS This six and a half
week cross country tour affords teenagers,
ages 14% to 18, the opportunity to see
many of the exciting sites in the U.S. and
Canada while living a fully Jewish life.
Each bus of 45 teens has a chance to visit
their peers and experience Conservative
Judaism in North America.

RAMAH IN ISRAEL SEMINAR This six-week Jewish teen
program for those who have completed the 11th grade is an
exciting tour of Israel. The teens study, travel and visit amy
kibbutzim. A fabulous weekend is spent at the first Conservative
Jewish Kibbutz—Kibbutz Hanaton. The educational process
extends far beyond the formal classes; it is a living experience.

This year Cheryl Bossen and Beth Greenburg participated
in the program.

 

USY ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE This is a unique opportunity for young people ages 15
USYVISRAEL to 18 to visit Israel. Based in Jerusalem, each of our groups travels the country
experiencing their Jewish heritage. Some of the highlights of the trip are the JNF forest
as PILGRIMAGE project, lectures by outstanding personalities and the Tzedakah Awareness program.
In addition to spending a delightful summer with their Israeli peers, our Pilgrims also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling
companions throughout the United States and Canada.

 
 

LTI Leadership Training Institute/Summer Encampment
Summers are topped off with a unique experience at Camp Blue
Star for one week during the month of August. Teenagers from
7th grade and up are encourage to take the opportunity to
participate in this program which includes informal classes and
discussion groups, cultural activities and special evening activities
in addition to a full range of camp sports and social activities. The
camp provides two unique programs: 1) Kadima, grade 7 & 8
and 2) USY, grade 9 through 12.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 139
Compliments AP we <—an&

of

Jordan Ansbacher
Commercial Shop at your friendly
Real Estate Mandarin K-Mart

THE SAVING PLACE

3733 W. University Blvd.
Jacksonville. Florida 32217 9600 San Jose Blvd. Phone 268-3325
Phon »: 733.1209 Jacksonville, Florida 32217

= ST YGASTS
H. ADAIR HAIR STYLISTS

Downtown — 421 Laura Street, Jacksonville, Florida 32202 — Phone 355-2531

 

140 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

A Joyous Holiday

Maybe this is the most amazing thing about Purim: out of the threat of being destroyed came a very happy,
high-spirited holiday. Perhaps the Jews would not have been able to live through so many dangerous times if they
had not been able to laugh—even to laugh at themselves and at their miseries. On Purim we laugh and make merry
because it is good to laugh. If your life is difficult, as it was for Jews celebrating Purim in many earlier times, it is also
good to laugh. We laugh because long ago in Persia the Jews turned things upside down. They changed the day of
their destruction into the day of their great victory. And we laugh because we are glad to be celebrating a happy
holiday together with Jews everywhere, remembering the long-ago history that we all share, and the loyalty that still
binds us together.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 141
Best Wishes and a Happy New Year
To All Our Friends and Customers

WALDZ
BAKERY

oy Town and Country Shopping Center
Tp

 
 
 

 

779 University Boulevard
JN
ein

Mls Jacksonville, Florida 32211

Phone 743-2922 or 743-4093
Kosher Bakery

We specialize in

 
 

Baking Beautiful Assortments of
Cakes for Weddings, Bar and

Bat Mitzvahs, Brit, Parties and
All Gatherings

Fresh Challah Every Friday

Place Your Orders with the School for Friday Delivery

142 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Maintenance and Kitchen Staff

 

The comprehensive and varied pro-
grams of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center require the support of many
“behind the scenes” personnel. These
unsung heroes have been loyal mem-
bers our “family” for many years. All
of us are grateful for their hard work

and devotion to our synagogue.

We are pleased to welcome Leonard
. King to our maintenance staff.

typ

oo __

Annie Mae Fort

 

Yes

 

 

Waymon “Mus” Crace Alvin Bridges, Jr. Ruby Anderson

GUBBIO’

“HOME MADE IS BETTER”

PIZZA @© PASTA @ SUBS ¢ DINNERS

 

 

TAKE OUT OR DINE IN

MASTERCARD

VISA
WELCOME

 

0111-19 BAYMEADOWS ROAD, JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32217
(904) 731-9900

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 143
 

144

 

Ame TLCQ ‘4
[Premium (Vodka

Mixes easy...

SO ana
eM ih 2 ss

yay

OMe

«PRODUCED BY SAZERAC CO INC

DUVAL SPIRITS, INC.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

Justadd people

Were
pulling
for you!

 

ey
TRANSPORTATION
ee aera sh

A CSX Corporation Business Group.
(904) 744-0322

Graham
Appliance
Service, Inc.

AUTHORIZED FRIGIDAIRE SERVICE
1500 MAITLAND AVE. * JACKSONVILLE, FL 32211

Specializing in
STENCIL and SPIRIT DUPLICATING MACHINES
and SUPPLIES
Gestetner e Ditto-e Copiers e Addressing

Phone 353-4361
3406 Main Street

Danny Dowling Jacksonville, Florida 32206

For All Your
Uniform Rental Needs
Gateway - Orange State
Uniform Rentals

Phone 353-7211
307 Davis Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32202

Compliments of

MOSS BUILDING CO.

1844 ATLANTIC BOULEVARD
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32207
TEL 396-3473

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

MORRIS UPHOLSTERING SHOP

3628 St. Johns Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32205
Phone 389-2263

LAWYERS TITLE
INSURANCE CORPORATION

TITLE INSURANCE
ABSTRACTS
TITLE SERVICE
COAST TO COAST

8334 Baymeadows Road

Jacksonville, Florida 32216 739-1952

business envelope mfrs., inc.
toll free number

out of state (800) 645-5235
new york (516) 667-8500

900 grand bivd.
deer park, n.y. 11729

GARY [. ADLER

R. WARD LARISCY, INC.

%.\) INTERIOR DESIGN

1969 San Marco Boulevard @ Jacksonville, Florida 32207
904-396-7886

 

145
 
 
 

SY EL
nt AETNA TO?

OFFICE FURNITURE & MACHINES

Serving
Florida & Georgia

 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

Since 1957
WE SHIP ANYWHERE!
Sales — Rentals one-stop sHorpina
— Trades — OFFICE NEEDS

 
 
 
 

*® DESKS »* CHAIRS
mI * ee cneuea aleve Sat
age z
—>.

 

e WE BUY TRUCKLOADS — U SAVE $$ ¥

© BEAUTIFUL MODEL OFFICES ON DISPLAY

e FROM BUDGET TO GRADE “A” =)
WE DELIVER © U PICK UP, SAVE MORE

COMPLETE OFFICE PLANNING & DESIGN

 
 

724-2044
8141 ATLANTIC BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32211
Across from Century 21 Apartments

 
 
 

BES! WISHES

 
 

RICHARD P. CLARSON
&
ASSOCIATES, INC.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Engineers Surveyors

 

1643 Naldo Avenue
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Phone 396-2623

 
 
 

146 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
“I back the famuly
insurance I sell
with good neighbor
service. Call me.”

STATE FARM MIKE BONO

Gute) Phone 642-9666

oi

> Gc» 1540-2 Monument Road

Jacksonville, Florida 32225

INSURANC . Like a good neighbor,
, State Farm is there.

 

State Farm Insurance Companies ¢ Home Offices: Bloomington, Illinois

oud Carmel Gai

5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace, Jacksonville, F lorida 32216
Telephone 733-6696

eae eee,

y Si

SO
a
=
YG
iN
es
a
r
-¥

 

Charles C. Caplan
Administrator

For Senior Citizens 62 years of age or older. Variety of apartments, efficiencies, alcoves, small one bedrooms and large
one bedroom apartments. Rent based on 30% of your income, rental includes utilities, lights, gas and air conditioner. All
apartments furnished with range, refrigerators, and fully carpeted. Laundry, library and ceramics are on premises. Many
activities, 24 hour security, Community Kosher Nutrition Center on site.

Officers Board of Directors
Daniel Wilensky, President William Lippman
Jack Coleman, Vice President Bernard Salzberg
Henry Weintraub, Vice President Isidore Weiss

Martin Sack, Secretary Iris T. Young
Cathryn Winterfield, Treasurer Ruth Slutzah

Anita Warschoff
Peter Winterfield

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 147
 

~
wed

Lenhe
CBrooks Beauly & Barber Supply |

 
 
 
 
 

Pierre Beauty Supply Co.

 
 
 

 

Roux, Wella, Clairol, L'Oreal, Pantene, Revlon,
Realistic, Gefden, Renbow, Tresemme, Helen
Curtis, Zotos, On Stage Cosmetics, etc.

 
 

Compliments
of
GULF PRODUCTS DIVISION

Service with a Smile

 
 
 

Home Office 5858 St. Augustine Rd.
Phone 731-4177

 
 

COST LESS BEAUTY

Westside 5820 Normandy Blvd.
Phone 781-8858

Florida Watts Line — 1-800-342-5871

and

Your Local Gulf Dealer

 
 
 
 

(Q) CREDIFAX
ical eee: NEAL TYLER & SONS, INC.

CREDIT REPORTING CENTER
216 Druid Street
CREDIT REPORTING J acksonville, Florida 32205
COLLECTION SERVICE Phone (904) 387-1628
COLLECTION AID LETTERS
COLLECTION AID LABELS
SAFE-CHEK
RENTFAX

MORTGAGE REPORTS

SKIP/LOCATE SERVICE

ACCOUNT MONITORING
NEW ACCOUNT PROMOTIONS

REMOTE TERMINAL SERVICE

CREDIT BUREAU OF JACKSONVILLE

2916 UNIVERSITY BLVD. W.
P.O. BOX 52179
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32201
TELEPHONE (904) 636-7000

AFFILIATED WITH Q THE CBI SYSTEM

148 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 
Jacksonville Jewish Federation

10829 Old St. Augustine Road (32223) Phone: (904) 262-2800

OFFICERS

President
Elliot Zisser

First Vice President
Steve Silverman
Second Vice President
Matthew Edelman

Secretary
Lawrence Richter

Treasurer
Judy Silverman

Immediate Past President
Aaron M. Scharf

Women’s Division
Anita Warschoff

Executive Vice President
Isaac Lakritz

 
 
 
 

 

i

\y

 

The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the central fundraising planning,
budgeting and coordinating agency for the Jewish community. It was founded
as the Jacksonville Jewish Community Council in 1953 and became the
Jacksonville Jewish Federation in 1979. In 1983, it moved into a new home on
Old St. Augustine Road. The Federation conducts an annual campaign that
raises funds for the United Jewish Appeal, as well as other national and
overseas agencies. Local beneficiaries are River Garden Hebrew Home for
the Aged Jewish Family and Community Services, the Kosher Nutrition
Program, and the chapters of various Jewish organizations.

The Federation funds and coordinates various community programs,
including Yom Ha’atzmaut (Israel Independence Day), and Yom Hashoah
(Holocaust Commemoration Day). Other special programs are the New
York Jewish Teen Experience, the Israel Teen Experience, and the annual
Ravines Leadership Retreat. Its Women’s Division conducts its own commu-
nity campaign as well as a host of educational programs and efforts. It
published The Kehillah, a monthly newspaper, that contains local news in
addition to coverage of Jewish issues throughout the world. Its meeting
rooms are available to Jewish organizations. The Federation strives to
address the needs of the Jewish community, encouraging community
participation and involvement.

Isaac Lakritz
Executive Vice President

Jewish
Family &

Community Services,..

“I am not sure how I would last if I did not have
you to just sit and listen during rough times.”

“T hope someone gets as much help and more as!
didk

The above testimonials come from the heart and
are an expression of clients’ feelings about our
Agency. The Jewish Family & Community Services
70th year was one of our most successful, and one
of our most challenging.

Our basic mission, to strengthen and preserve
Jewish individuals and families, remains unchanged.
However, the principal catalyst for the changes we
face is environmental - changing client needs, rising

OFFICERS
President. 4.525622 052, Dr. Dennis Lafer
Vice Presidents: . 4... M. David Epstein
Jeff Mazo
Cathy Winterfield
Martin Wolf
Financial Vice President ......... Alan Harrison
Medical Director -..2.......... Dr. Guy Benrubi
Mental Health Director........ Dr. Milton Mann
(reaSurer: (24. as ee Norman Moss

costs, shrinking government support, changes in volunteerism, changes in accountability and increased

demand for services.

A larger factor in all this change lies in our need to be flexible, caring and professional; as well as responsive

to an individual’s need to be treated with dignity.

It is with enormous pride in our past and great enthusiasm about our future, that we begin to struggle with

these issues.

HAPPY NEW YEAR

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

e
0
a
AWE
‘8
NN
I
T
Y

 

149
Bob Ham Opticians

REG. OPTICIAN

JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32217

Thank you for your patronage.

MANDARIN FASHION SQUARE
10047 San Jose Blvd.
268-5949

Flowers of Mandarin
10029 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32217
268-2466

VANDROFF INSURANCE AGENCY, INC.
ARNOLD E. VANDROFF = STANLEY VANDROFF

Unexcelled Service Since 1896
6900 Southpoint Drive No., Suite 400 © Jacksonville, Fla. 32216 © Phone 731-3390

Chicago -S tyle Crizza

2014 San Marco Blvd. 9965 San Jose Blvd.
San Marco Shopping Area Merchant Bank
399-5667 262-2210

 

150 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

RIVER GARDEN HOLDING COMPANY

Hebrew Home for the Aged

Henna raul 33835. President
Avinur Guiman 23.6 ce. Vice president Michacihl Grecubue DOU Peeadees
Peter Winterfield =. .......3 eo Secretary Lee Horovitz...-<.. Vice President Chairman of
Admissions Board
Elliott Palevsky, MA ........ Executive Director Judge Harvey Schlesinger «2... .2. .. Secretary
Digi WOW os oe es sg Treasurer
Martin A. Goetz, MS, MPA ...... Administrator

 

The residents, board, volunteers and staff of the River Garden Hebrew Home extend sincere fraternal greetings to the Jacksonville Jewish Center and all the
people who live Jewishly with the Center’s help and all those who labor to support this important institution.

The residents at River Garden realize that without the forsight and support of a caring Jewish community they would not have the opportunity to continue to
live beautifully and Jewishly and be served with excellence in the face of extraordinary care needs.

Jacksonville is grateful to our Jewish community for establishing and maintaining the agency offering the finest program of intensive short term rehabilitation
care to all, and the only such agency having a full in-house compliment of physical, occupational and speech therapists working under the supervision of staff
physicians.

The largely gentile staff of River Garden appreciates the opportunity to do things right and takes pride in working for one of the finest care agencies in the
nation. The River Garden staff understands that the unique dedication to human dignity, the commitment to serve rich and poor alike, and the special conditions
of work are an expression of Jewish social and religious values. The staff is exposed to the best that Jewish tradition has to offere and is exceptionally sensitive to
the Jewish needs of residents.

Volunteers serve tirelessly with devotion and love forging a link between the Jewish community and the Home and more importantly, between person and
person, enriching the lives of residents with personal care and service, enriching their own lives by expanding their souls through the performance of good deeds
and the carrying out of mitsvot.

The Board members of our Home realize that they are responsible for a sacred trust. They realize that the quality of life for River Garden residents must parallel
the quality of life of the Jacksonville Jewish communiy. They realize that to maintain community intergrity there must also be easy access and interaction among
all generations. Special care needs should not become a barrier to continued family bonds and to the relaying of family and Jewish tradition from generation to
generation. They realize that as we all live longer and society in general grows older, exciting new means must be created so that we can together fulfill the fifth
commandment to honor father and mother so that all our days may be long upon this earth that God provides us.

Implicit in this commandment is not only that Jewish stability and honor too (and understanding of) our forebearers is the sina quo non of Jewish life, but that life
itself should be so good, so sweet, that long life will be viewed as a reward. It is with all of these understandings that the planned community on the Mandarin
campus has been undertaken.

Let us proceed from strength to strength as we continue to support each other.

River Garden Auxilliary

OFFICERS
IVIES: TavIMONd ZaAGEL 5 oe rey ee President
IVINS ACK ICC oa occ Gece oa da ec ee ee Vice President Fund Raising
irs. lear samGel. oo... ioe. ee Vice President Service Coordinator
IPSs INOMMaN. © YeeGIMNd ¢66.4...668.%5 ae ee oo es eee Vice President Membership
Mrs Miarhin Caplan: 2... as a Vice President Operations
IMIS = INFAIIICICALZ oe Gs. 6 vis 5 oo ban a General Treasurer
Mins, arr. lWeKman: 2.25024) doe oe ee ee Financial Secretary
Mrs; Lewis Meisel 0 ics See Recording Secretary
IMs. Rueben Janoisky ... 6... .86 oa ee ae Corresponding Secretary

Medical progress has served us in many areas. One which concerns us the most is the onger lifespan of our older
citizens. River Garden Auxiliary — a very special group fo dedicated ladies and gentlemen — work diligently to help make
the lives of the residents a bit happier, a bit more comfortable, a lot more meaningful.

Our dedicated volunteers participate in many activities that take place at the Home. Our out-to-lunch program gives
some residents the opportunity to go “out-to-eat” on a one-on-one basis. We celebrate Mother’s and Father’s Day,
Hanukah, and Purim through our Special Holiday Programs. We especially recruit volunteers via our “Give Sarah 2 Hours” drive for these programs. We sponsor
a successful blood bank drive for the use by our residents. The Sunshine Program provides gifts for residents who have benn hospitalized as well as visits by
volunteers. We staff the “Little Store,” help with letter writing, assist with shopping and some adopt a friend.

Our fund-raising is achieved through annual dues, life memberships, Tombola, Linen Shower and Donor programs. Many friends contribute to our Tree of Life,
Memorial and Fifth Commandment plaques.

i ot Anniversary Day in March, we celebrate joyfully. This day is jointly planned and carried out by the Board of Trustees, professional staff and hosted by the
uxiliary.

In the near future, River Garden plans to break ground for our outstanding new facility in Mandarin. This endeavor will need the support of every Jewish family
in Jacksonville. We hope we can count on yours.

Our motto, “Service with a Heart,” is very meaningul to us. Won't you join our membership? We need every “Helping Hand” and willing heart to carry out our
services to the resident.

Through “Helping Hands,” our quarterly newsletter, we are able to communicate the Auxiliary events on an annual basis.

Our best wishes to you and your families for a Healthy and Happy New Year. Madalyn Zager

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 151

 
152

Compliments of
Lakewood Printing
and Office Supplies

1535 University Blvd. W.
Jacksonville, Fla. 32217
Phone 737-0718

Bob & Carole Goldberg
David, Eric & Lane

The
chicken-out.

Why cook chicken in when the Deli has
delicious ways to take chicken out?

 

iw NDeros

74 Restaurant & Pizza.

Re

Rar

FEATURING...
VEAL SPECIALTIES
& SEAFOOD COMBOS
PASTA DISHES @ SALAD BAR

NEW YORK STYLE AND SICILIAN PIZZA
MONDAYS ALL YOU CAN EAT LASAGNA
WEDNESDAYS ALL YOU CAN EAT SPAGHETTI

TAKE OUT SERVICE AVAILABLE
ALL MAJOR CREDIT
CARDS ACCEPTED

RESERVATIONS
ACCEPTED

/43-314]

3607 N. UNIVERSITY BLVD, ARLINGTON

Underhill Personnel
Services™ inc.

IN HOME CARE

e COMPANION SITTERS
e LIVE-INS
e NURSES
e NURSES AIDES

388-7645

24 HOURS A DAY
7 DAY A WEEK

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Zionist Organization of America

 

Jacksonville District

OFFICERS To keep Israel strong, we work hard to keep the Zionist Organization of
Pwsdont.. (2 Wendy Honigman Americastrong. Since 1948 we have generated funds for ZOA projects in Israel
Chainanworiemerd = Milton B. Mann. MD _ 2nd Zionist programs in the United States. ZOA has organized young adults

leadership missions, instituted the first series of Christian Zionist dialogues,

Vice Presidents educated over 30,000 Jewish students at Kfar Silver Technological/Agricultural

Membership ................ ... Lillian Meizlik — High School in Ashkelon, services over 25,000 Americans and Israelis each
Fund Raising :....... aga Alan Taffet month with cultural programs in the ZOA House in Tel Aviv. Besides publishing
EGueatenic oa Anne Shmunes _ [he American Zionist and ZOA insider, there is the Zionist Information News
Proarams lan Pater Service that provides a weekly bulletin filled with vital not usually found else-

ee ee aes oe Og eee where. ZOA has placed ads and letters to the editor on topical US-Israeli,

Re cording Secretary ......... Leon & Lois Robins Zionist and Jewish community issues, testified before Congress on Free Trade
Financial Secretary .............. Linda Bressler _ legislation and moving the US Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and petitioned
Corresponding Secretary ....... Clara Mae Mann = anddemonstrated on rescinding US resolution 3370, rejecting US dialogue with
Irene Joel Bressler the PLO and opposing the sale of AWAC planes. It has been our custom for 40
Bea ee Nathan Shmunes Years to sponsor a Jewish National Fund Banquet, for the community, in order
Pcianan Joseph Honan MD to plant trees in Israel. This year we honored the memory of David Ben Gurion,

; one of the founders and first president of the state of Israel. The children of the
dNE Chaimmen.: 2... Cantor Al and Pearl Marton Hebrew School of Beth Shalom Congregation and all of the schools at the

Jacksonville Jewish Center completed Gardens. Students at Ahavath
Chesed began a Garden and when all of their trees are sold, they will also receive a plaque.

A new project is the establishing an Ethiopian training complex at Kfar Malachi. We have been invited to place bookshelves ina library for the
Ethiopians. This coming year, we hope to combine with other local organizations in raising the funds for an ambulance in Israel.

ZOA is one of the few Zionist organizations with a constituency whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel. Renew your commitment to
Israel by joining with us.

Jacksonville District ZOA is continuing the ZOA/MASADA SCHOLARSHIP Fund which awards scholarships to students of the Jackson-
ville community. The recipients may choose from the many Masada Youth Programs in Israel. These programs provide a six week tour of Israel:
exploring from the Galilee to the Gulf of Eilat. The applicants must submit an essay on an assigned topic and then be interviewed by the
scholarship committee. For an application, please call Ina Taffet at 737-7848.

 

Cantor Marton, Chairman; Wendy Ina Taffet talks about Masada pro- _Lillian Meizlik, Membership VP & Marlene Solomon accepting plaque
Honigman, President andLarryWass- gram. Charles Mizrahi, Master of Cere- for Garden planted by Beth Shalom
er, JNF director Southeast Region. monies. Congregation Hebrew School.

 

B’nai B’rith, an international service organization ie rate Oh,
founded in 1843, united world Jewry for the advancement & Bg ae
of the Jewish people and helps create a better world for < Pillans |’ ZAM 2

Sinn
all people. The needs of the world are great and B’nai 9 e 9 ©
g B'nai WZ B'rith

B’rith sets an example to follow. Whether those needs be
providing for the poor, caring for the aged, visiting the
sick or incarcerated, supporting science and art, pro-

gramming for youth, assisting victims of natural disas- ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE #800

ters, making sure Israel lives, or elevating the mental and a 5 :
moral character of the people of our faith, B’nai B’rith is 6161 Phillips ‘eee eee Florida 32216

more than just a concept, it is living experience whose

resource is people. This vast resource — people — are Stuart Ficéht... 45. ..;. ~ivduswd dee cuk si oes ce Pree
giving of themselves to help create an atmosphere of Bob Ariel 333 4624545 sb du beecoeu cs eu WCE eee
compassion and understanding. B’nai B’rith is an organi- Harry Nestler ... 0 cso es descend se eee
zation that opens its arms to all Jewish people and lets Richard Miller... oic. ews ds cdcccecveciss VOT Teper
those people gain honor, dignity and authenticity through Milton Hecht ................ Vice-President & Treasurer
programs of educational value, awareness and action. Donald Sampson. 25 3 a5 4 kei be wee be ee Rel

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 153
Checking Accounts & Certificates
Money Market Certificates
die | : Loans: Home, Business, Auto, Etc.

WS JACKSONVILLE 7
dan | EDERAL SAVINGS
AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

2107 HENDRICKS AVENUE
3200 EMERSON STREET
; 5175 BLANDING BLVD.
As 8028 LEM TURNER RD.
10661 SAN JOSE BLVD.
473 BLANDING BLVD. ORANGE PARK

Free Parking Resources Over 200,000,000.00 Drive-in Tellers

I can help you with any of
vour Real Estate needs.

BUS: (904) 268-1200
z) EVE: (904) 737-5144
en 4 se a Ze
IN SALES | ;

Judith Levinson

BROKER-SALESMAN
G.R.I.

PRESIDENT’S
CLUB

19863, 1984, 1985

ly Games l

IWATSON REALTY CORP, REALTORS®

PeciilY PLUS INC.

Fashions For the Fuller Figure
Beginning Size 10
9825-31 San Jose Blvd.

Mandarin Plaza
Jacksonville, FL 32217

Phone 268-7536

SIKES & STOWE, INC.

BODY and FENDER WORK
AUTO REFINISHING

Most of Our Work Comes From
Satisfied Customers

739 W. Adams Street

Jacksonville, Fl. 32202 Phone 354-7816

24 HOUR
SERVICE

The Bridal : 2:1
Place, Ine. x

(wR
ome >\ RUBBER

10092 San Jose Blvd. ORPOR ATION

Jacksonville, Florida 32217
“Everything in Rubber for Business, Industry,
Government & Safety’’ Since 1944

6161 Phillips Highway [lfssesesssesssessssee (904)

Beg (ee oe Florida 731 -3401

COTNEY TIRE COMPANY

Serving your complete-tire and automobile needs for over 40 years.

2703 Park Street
corner of Park & King

Whe TE
Eleg ANCE

904-262-8491

 

 
 
 

Jacksonville, Florida 32205 Phone 384-6491

 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 
 

SOUTHSIDE NORTHSIDE WESTSIDE
3744 University Blvd. 1036 Dunn Ave. 5926 Normandy Blvd.
Phone 737-3688 Phone 751-4200 Phone 783-4320
Men, Women BAYMEADOWS MANDARIN ARLINGTON
9551 Baymeadows Rd. ;
Phone 739-3316 State Rd. 13 & Loretto Rd. 6060-5 Ft. Caroline Rd.
and Children fee ee ane Phone 262-1411 Phone 744-8200
410 Blanding Blvd. BCH & UNIV. JAX. BEACH
Phone 272-1370 5800 Beach Blvd. 7 eal ie
, 1 Next To Zayre’s one -
Ten Jacksonville Locations REGENCY naar

9320 Arlington Expwy.
Next to Marshall’s
Phone 725-2440

154 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 
 

No Appointment Needed HOURS: Mon.-Thurs. 9:00-8:00 Fri.-Sat. 9:00-6:00
Progressive Credit Union

OFFICERS
Chairman of the Board'.4.,....7-...— 3 Moe B. Safer
President 4 223 ee ee Herman S. Paul
VICG-PYCSIGGNL 5.4. ni oe David Gradman
SCCrClaVy 3c od Soe ee Harlan D. Helming
Weasuner.<. i255. tees se Joseph Cohen
Board Members: i222 Jean I. Benjamin
W. Z. Goldberg, Jordan Ansbacher, Edwin Presser
Credit Comm. Members .... Irwin Gendzier, Chairman
Milton Hecht
*Herman Gelman
Supervisory Comm. Members ....... Robert L. Jacobs
Steve Meisel, Richard Miller
Associate Board Members ............ Richard Bernard

Wallace Rubenstein, Ann Rubenstein, Stuart Hecht
Minnie Schreiber
*Deceased

 

The Jewish Benevolent Society in 1939 saw a need to provide financial services to persons of the Jewish faith. Banks were unwilling to make
loans preferring to place their money in bank vaults. In 1940, under the direction of two very splendid men -Laser Klepper and Louis H. Cohen,
the Society was able to charter the Progressive Credit Union as it is known today.

For over 47 years, hundred of families have benefited with loans that were unavailable anywhere else. The Credit Union carried Life Savings
Insurance for the benefit of the members without any cost to the individual members. Interest on savings has been the highest allowed by law.
Loans were made at the lowest possible interest rate. The Credit Union has operated continuously over these years and has lent over six million
to hundreds of people with only one loss in 47 years.

The Officers and Board of Directors have given of their time and abilities these 47 years without renumeration. It is one of the finest examples
of Jewish community dedication that has been witnessed. Special recognition will be given Joseph Cohen, Treasurer and Moe B. Safer,
Chairman of the Board, Charter members for their service and commitment to the Progressive Credit Union.

There was a time to begin. Now it is time for this splendid group to end. Loan application have dropped. The Jewish community is
experiencing no difficulty in obtaining loans elsewhere. New tax laws deleted financing deductions. Car dealers are offering three percent auto
loans. In order to continue to serve the Jewish community, it would be necessary to drastically alter the delivery of services which would require
the expenditure of substantial sums. This would not result ina return to our members commensurate with that investment. Accordingly, good
business judgment dictated the demise of the Credit Union. As a result, an era has come to an end.

Proudly, the Progressive Credit Union will refund to all depositors their full account balances together with a final dividend. It has served the

community well in its time of need.
Mr. & Mrs. Club

OFFICERS AND BOARD MEMBERS

 

 

1987-88
President 2.23 63 se . Dr. Robert & Norma Gerson
Vice-President ...... ee ae Stee Diese Pall FOX
TYCAGUICE 4.226 Louis & Emily Kaplan
Recording Secretary ............ Harry & Rose Tuckman
Corresponding Secretary ...........3... Rose Lieberman
ExX-OMICO: 2.555022 2 . hoes la caue te oa Oe Oe Jeon @once
BOARD MEMBERS
Marty & Bea Caplan Arnold & Doreen Goodman
Jesse & Marlene E. Knieberg David & Hilda Mazo
John & Dorrit Perin

If you are interested in a social club that has a good time dancing, eating, and just plain having fun, try Mr. and Mrs. Club one time as our guest
and we are sure you will want to join us. Our affairs every third Saturday each month and a terrific New Years Party all at the same reasonable
dues which is paid quarterly. Call Ms. Rose Lieberman and ask to put your name in for the month you would like to come to one of our affairs
and she will arrange the rest, call 725-5622 or Dr. Robert Gerson, President at 771-2635. Sorry this offer does not include New Years, but you
may attend at a fair charge per couple.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 155
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Dr. Neil & Ellen Abramson
& Children

Mr. & Mrs. Julius Fletcher
& Dale

BEST WISHES FOR
THE NEW YEAR
Bernice & Irvin Ghelerter
Emma & Clarence Ghelerter

A Happy & Health New Year
From
Dr. & Mrs. Samuel Rosenthal
Caryn, Bradley and Pamela

Best Wishes for the
New Year
Dr. & Mrs. Ron Elinoff

and Family

Mrs. Esther Galinsky
wishes all a
Happy, Healthy New Year

Bernie & Joan Richter
Kenny Richter
Linda & Ralph Kunsburg
& Children
Sherri & Gary Allen
and Son

Le Shanah Tovah
Tikatevu

Ruth & Joseph P. Safer

 

156 | Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health and Happiness
Dr. Neil & Gaye Sager
Jennifer & Todd

Ken, Sheryl, Joshua, Elizabeth
and Sarah Sekine wish you
a
Happy and Healthy
New Year

L’Shanah Tovah
Tikotevu
Dr. Sheldon and Elaine Singal
Robert, Richard and Pamela

You May Be Inscribed
fora
Good Year

Dr. & Mrs. Roy J. Sloat & Family

Sincere Best Wishes for
the New Year

: Dr. & Mrs. Robert Schnipper

Elizabeth, David & Lauren

In Memory of
~ Bertram W. Sacks
By loving wife, Marjorie
and children, Bernard,
Sharron and Sam

New Years Greetings
Carole & Barry Sinoff
Brad & Adam

Best Wishes For A Good Year
Mrs. Abe (Sarah) Perlman
Mrs. Jacob (Sylvia) Wexler

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
158

Our Best Wishes for
a Happy & Healthy New Year
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten

Best Wishes
For A Happy & Healthy
New Year —
Seeman Zimmerman

May Your Year be Filled With
Health, Happiness and Peace
Abe, Shirley,
David & Talie Bielski

Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen
& Family

 
 

 

Best Wishes for a Happy and
Healthy New Year
Mr. and Mrs. Al H. Edwards

 

New Years Greetings from
Debbie and Mel Gottlieb

Marty, Aaron and Joy

 

 
 

 

Best Wishes for a
Peaceful & Healthy New Year
Ray & Madalyn Zager

Best Wishes for a
Happy New Year
Mrs. Harry Gendzier

 

Best Wishes for a Happy,
Healthy New Year
Bruce, Janice, Jeffrey &
Rebecca Glassman
New Years Greetings from
Irv & Marie Kowitz & Their Children

Cantor Mitch Kowitz & Jenna Zark Kowitz
in Indiana

 
 

Pat and Alex Orban and
New Daughter Litsa Eileen
in Ft. Lauderdale

 

Best Wishes for a Happy and
Healthy New Year
Raela and Norman Moss

Our Children and Grandchildren

 

Best Wishes for
The New Year

from Janice, Steve and
Deborah Meisel

Best Wishes and
Good Health To All
Elsie Mevyerhoff

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
|OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS!

c&

 

MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, Inc. = FIRE PROTECTION, Inc.

SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL, APPROVED AUTOMATIC FIRE SPRINKLER
PROCESS PIPING, WASTE TREATMENT, SYSTEMS FOR BUSINESS, INDUSTRIAL,
ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL, HEATING, PRODUCT PROTECTION AND

VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING LIFE SAFETY REQUIREMENTS
AND PLUMBING

SERVING THE SOUTHEAST

524 STOCKTON STREET JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204 PHONE 904/388-2696

GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA TELEPHONE 372-3963 ORLANDO, FLORIDA TELEPHONE 841-4670

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 159
Our Sincere Good Wishes for a Healthy, Happy, Peaceful New Year

Mark & Roz Abramson, Rachael & Alexandra
The Ageloffs

Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Aronson

Dr. & Mrs. Roy Baker

Mrs. David Barnett

Joe Becker

Edward & Kena Bernard & Family

Sarah & Rick Bernard

Mrs. David Benwick, children & grandchildren
Morris Berkowitz

Sidney Berkowitz & Family

Mr. & Mrs. Robert Block

Philip & Linda Bloom, Lauren Faye & Sasha Lynn
Archie & Ella Boatwright

Mr. & Mrs. Kurt Brauner

Mrs. Albert Bressler

Jack and Anita Dittman and Family

Bob & Etta Drashin, Heidi & Sandy

Dr. and Mrs. Saul Eisen, David & Rebecca
Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Erlich

Mrs. Ruth Fagan

Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Fisher

Gerard & Joan Fisher & Family

Albert Z. Fleet

Mrs. Samuel Fleet

Dorothy Freedman

Mrs. Ben (Sadie) Freidlin & daughter

A Very Happy & Healthy

New Year

Sam & Sue Friedman

Robert & Claire Gamse

Mr. & Mrs. Irwin Gendzier

Mrs. Albert Ginsburg & Family
Rose Glickstein

Louis & Ida Goldberg

Mr. & Mrs. Samuel Goodfarb & Family
Doreen & Arnold Goodman

Mr. & Mrs. Burton I. Grossman
Stanley & Alice Harris

Mrs. Harry Hindin (Rose)
Thelma Hirsh

Mr. & Mrs. Melvin Hollins

Mr. & Mrs. Sol Janow & Family

The Jerards - Mara, Stephen, Robin & Allison

Mr. & Mrs. Manuel Katz

Khelevah Katanah and Family

Myron & Gail Kodner, Jodi & Pam
Sarah Krulevitz, Tampa, Florida

Mrs. Carl J. (Hilda) Lewit

Pearl, Karen & Renee Levin |

Clara and Milton Mann, Ian and Irene
Mrs. Jacob (Goldie) Margolin
Stephen, Susan & Michelle Meth

Mr. & Mrs. Ken Organes, David & Rachel
Mrs. David (Frieda) Proctor

Helen Ries

Howard, Suzi, Jodi, Melissa & Richie Roey
Mrs. Sam (Hannah) Rosenberg & Family
Mrs. Harry (Gert) Rosenblatt

Jill, Mark, Darren & Brett Rosner

Mrs. Irvin B. Rothstein

Bess Safer

Gary, Rena, Evan and Joel Schoenberg
Jack and Reba Schwager

Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Schwamm

Mr. and Mrs. Murray Shenkman

Jack and Mollie Silverman

Dr. and Mrs. Roy Sloat & Family

Mr. and Mrs. Morris Solomon & Iris
Abe & Myrna Spiwak & Family

Bill and Erda Starling

Edward, Millie, Sam & Jonathon Tannen
Betty Tarlyn

Mr. and Mrs. S.H. Taxier & Family

The Thaler Family

Jean & Leonard Weinberg & Family
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Weinshelbaum
Stanley & Sara Weintraub

Sandra & Martin Weiss & Family

Mr. and Mrs. Martin Weisstein & Family
Mr. and Mrs. David Winarsky & Family
A.L. and Pearl Zadoff

L’Shana Tovah

Martha & Edward Baker

Jerry, Naida, Izak & Aaron Leon

Todd & Elizabeth

Best Wishes for a Happy

and Healthy New Year

Karl, Michelle

Daniel & Erin Frisch

Lilo & Harry Frisch

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

161
Best Wishes to Our Friends at
The Jacksonville Jewish Center

ARMSTRONG & SMITH
CONTROLS, INC.

Specializing in Electronic, Pneumatic,
Controls, Installation & Service
Air Conditioning & Mechanical Contractor

“HELPING YOU
CONTROL YOUR ENVIRONMENT”

For Service Call 4949 Sunbeam Rd.
(904) 739-1907 Jacksonville, Fla.
(904) 739-1875 32217

162 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
may you be
INSCrIOed for
C1 good year

Mr. & Mrs. Samuel Goodfarb & Family
Doreen & Arnold Goodman

Mr. & Mrs. Burton I. Grossman

Stanley & Alice Harris

Mrs. Harry Hindin (Rose)

Thelma Hirsh

Mr. & Mrs. Melvin Hollins

Mr. & Mrs. Sol Janow & Family

The Jerards-Mara, Stephen, Robin & Allison
Mr. & Mrs. Manuel Katz

Khelevah Katanah and Family

Myron & Gail Kodner, Jodi & Pam
Sarah Krulevitz, Tampa, Florida

Mrs. Carl J. (Hilda) Lewit

Pearl, Karen & Renee Levin

Clara and Milton Mann, Ian and Irene
Mrs. Jacob (Goldie) Margolin

Stephen, Susan & Michelle Meth

Mr. & Mrs. Ken Organes, David & Rachel
Mrs. David (Freida) Proctor

Helen Ries

Howard, Suzi, Jodi, Melissa & Richie Roey
Mrs. Sam (Hannah) Rosenberg & Family
Mrs. Harry (Gert) Rosenblatt

Jill, Mark, Darren & Brett Rosner

Mrs. Irvin B. Rothstein

Bess Safer

Gary, Rena, Evan and Joel Schoenberg
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Schwager

Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Schwamm

Mr. and Mrs. Murray Shenkman

Jack and Mollie Silverman

Dr. and Mrs. Roy Sloat & Family

Mr. and Mrs. Morris Solomon & Iris

Abe & Myrna Spiwak & Family

Bill and Erda Starling

Edward, Millie, Sam & Jonathon Tannen
Betty Tarlyn

Mr. and Mrs. S.H. Taxier & Family

The Thaler Family

Jean & Leonard Weinberg & Family

Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Weinshelbaum
Stanley & Sara Weintraub

Sandra & Martin Weiss & Family

Mr. and Mrs. Martin Weisstein & Family
Mr. and Mrs. David Winarsky & Family
A.L. and Pear! Zadoff

 

A UNIQUE EXPERIENCE

age :
Sump a Tar Ww GOODIES
Rey orale

ANNACLAIRS®

HOMEMADE FUDGE |
GOURMET COFFEE BEANS
NEUHAUS® BELGIUM CHOCOLATES
Osa as om

PATES

GOURMET GIFT BASKETS

1948 S. 3rd St., Pablo Plaza 6925 St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville Beach Jacksonville

Or ay) ]:) Be Ter a1!

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 163
 

DE SANTO INSURANCE

 
 

 
 

BUITE 2303 INDEPENDENT SQUARE
UNG tNOCPENDENT DAIVE
JARO OM VILLE, FLORIDA S2ee02

 
 
 

 

BUS. 354-3726 RES. 733-0540

 

 

UNIVERSAL LIFE, DISABILITY INCOME, PENSION-
PROFIT SHARING PLANS, IRA’S TAX ADVANTAGED
INVESTMENTS AND MUTUAL FUNDS, GROUP INSURANCE.

WINN €2 DIXIE *)
America’s Supermarket.

U; i Choice \W 1D. [Breannal Beef
..enjoy the Big, Bold

7) Goodness of the West!

 
 
 
 

 

Our Most Sincere Best Wishes

E. H. THOMPSON CO.

DESIGN & FURNISHINGS
FOOD SERVICE EQUIPMENT

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

Le CAL R= Goodness of the Wen FOR RESTAURANTS AND
ce = ane enya sa ALL FOOD SERVICE OPERATIONS
I fk A \ te iv tae | :
a We. ee - ee Corner Orange & Main
BN Lf

 
 

Jacksonuille, Florida 32202
Phone 358-1555

OY he IB

 
 
 

BEVERLY BLOCK COMPUTE, SUE SPILLERT
PATTERNS

 
 

Ws,

 

Or,

 
 

 
 

9825-38 SAN JOSE BLVD.
MANDARIN PLAZA (NEAR WOODY’S)
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32217
MONDAY — SATURDAY 10 - 5:30
262-3222

 
 
 
 

LIGHTING FIXTURES — BULBS
TRACK LIGHTING — FANS

 
 

Pitti

KIRBY PARTY RENTAL

 
 

3484 BEACH BLVD. - SOUTHGATE PLAZA
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32207

398-8431

Elegance In Party Rentals

8711 Phillips Highway
oC Jacksonville, Florida 32216

 
 

ae @ PARTY & COMMERCIAL TENTS
@ FOLDING CHAIRS & TABLES
e DISHES & SILVER SERVICE

 

DEBBY BROWNE Phone: (904) 739-1312

 

164 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
e 4 JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CEN

family Coun

 

Center Embarks on
A New Frontier:

Jewish Education For The
Entire Family

 

In years past, Jewish identity was forged by a number of merging
forces. For many of our ancesters, it was a program or persecution.
For our grandparents, it was the immigrant experience and ethnic
neighborhoods. But for our children, these forces do not exist. So the
question for today’s parents is “If we don’t show our children a
meaningful Jewish life, who will?”

It is in answer to this question that the Family Council has begun a
yearlong series of programs that will touch all phases of Jewish life and.
experiences. The purpose of these programs is to broaden the
opportunities for education and celebration of Jewish life for the entire
family, and to promote the home as an equal partner with the school in
creating a vital Jewish environment for our children.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 165
Best Wishes
for a Healthy, Happy and Prosperous New Year

 

INSURANCE AGENCY, INC.

Insurance Agents . hea

Chie 7922

1645 San Marco Blvd. ® Jacksonville, Florida 32207
398-6457

ABE & ALESE DIAMOND
LINDA DIAMOND WEINSTEIN

166 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA CHAPTER

HADASSAH, the Women’s Zionist Organization of America, with an enrollment
of 385,000 members, celebrated its Diamond Jubilee in 1987. Locally JACKSON-
VILLE HADASSAH observed the 75th Anniversary with a gala dinner dance on
January 31, 1987 with Judge Louis Safer as the keynote speaker and honoring all
Jacksonville past presidents and Male Associates. The Jacksonville Chapter,
which consists of four groups: Tikva, Hannah Senesch, Shir Liand Avodah, has a
combined membership of over 1,000 with almost 50% being Life Members.

We have just completed another successful year, having fulfilled our National
quotas in both financial and membership areas. We steadfastly continue our
commitment to Israel and support of Hadassah’s projects, namely Hadassah
Medical Organization which encompasses the Hadassah-Hebrew University
Medical Center and Mount Scopus Hospital, providing medical service to people
of all races and creeds. Here, too, doctors, dentists, nurses, etc. are trained and
taught, while research, done with imagination and the latest technology, regularly
results in new discoveries and techniques promptly shared with all the world.

Hadassah’s projects also include Youth Aliyah, which since 1934 has rescued

 

Sue Rosenberg

; JACKSONVILLE HADASSAH
and cared for 225,000 children, the latest challenge being 2,000 youngsters from CHAPTER BOARD
Ethiopia. In addition we support Hadassah Israel Educational Services, the _President.............. Susan ee

Jewish National Fund, Zionist Youth Activities and American Affairs - all with
far-reaching programs.
Each of our groups develops its own program of activities to support these

Membership Vice President .....2; 22... .5.
Hilda Goldstein 737-8198
Fund-Raising Vice President

projects, with the Chapter coordinating. We invite new residents and unaffiliated Rhoda Kagan
pate : Co-chalrmerson.. . 2.56.4 Bess Rothstein
women to join and learn more about Hadassah. Thereisagroupforeveryoneand Program Vice-Pres ........... Jeane
we welcome your participation. Please call one of the presidents or membership — Educational Vice Pres ............. seeee
chairpersons and introduce yourself. We'll follow up! Wendy Honigman
: | Seasuter. c= Anne Mattes
We wish everyone L’Shana Tova - a good year, replete with good health, —_ Recording Sec’y .......... Freda Isenberg
fulfilling activities and much happiness. Corresponding Seey . <1... Adele Levitin
Fintancia) Sceey. ss Elaine Barnert
AVODAH GROUP BOARD TIKVA GROUP BOARD
EesWOenl oes 5s oe es ee ee Vivian Kaplan 724-0335. President........... Marsha Pollock 733-8060
Membpersin Vice-Pres 5c 3 al hs a Elaine Furman 733-0608 | Membership Vice-Pres ... Pearl Marton 641-7093

 

Fumdraising Vicerres 53 a ee ee Mere Schwartz Fund-raising Vice-Pres......... Rhoda Kagan
P@UCAHOM, VICCr LCS i055 .554 5% Go. ee ae ee Elaine Weiss Program Vice-Pres............ Rita Garfinkel
PIOGIGWy ViGC-F (eS: 66s oe is es oe ee Glorya Weintraub Education Vice-Pres........ Rochelle Battock
Wieastitet 5s. sok es ee ee eee AMCASURCY G25 5 5 3603 ae Marilyn Safer
RECORGUING SCC U ur. see ee ee ee Eunice Gross © Recording seey ...4.. 4.0... Evelyn Meisel
Pigamtial Seew. 5s ee Gertrude Brown Corresponding Sec’y ........... Dodie Cohen
Avodah meets the third Wednesday of each month. PiWihicial SEC Yo. 245 ee Edna Reich

Tikva Group has a day meeting on the second
Tuesday of each month.

 

HANNAH SENESCH GROUP BOARD SHIR LI GROUP BOARD
PECSOCHEs 2. tacks Se pre Adele Levitin Presienks. 5. 32 June Shenkman 268-8647
Membership Vice-Pres.... Martha Steinfeld Membership Co- Vice Pies 4... . 0065-555
646-1839 Margi Rogozinski 262-7646
Co-chairperson...... Dorothy Freedman Jeanine Rogozinski 268-7411
733-9196 Randi Rogozinski 262-8833
Fund-raising Vice-Pres... Gertrude Kramer Fund-raising Vice Pres....... Linda Bloom
Co-chairperson......... Jean Weinberg Program Vice res ......5 Carla Bernard
Program Vice-Pres ..-...... Esther Glaser Education Vice-Pres...... Arlene Rademan
Education Vice-Pres.,...... Floranne kerr WCARWEE ccs Jo Marks
Weasttel . 634) eo Jay Aronson Recording S€C Ys ..- faces Jan Glassman
Recordme Sec yc. 4... Lillian Meizlik Corresponding Sec’y ......... Holly Baker
Pingncidl SECY 32. 6 6 i Iris Spitzer FIANCidl SECU. a5. oe ae Liz Gartner
Corresponding Secu 2.44540. SOc BCC Y.. . cc ere Phyllis Goldberg

Florence Goldschmidt
Hannah Schesech meets the second Wed-
nesday evening of each month.

Shir Li meets the second Wednesday evening
of each month.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

167
“And you shall teach them
to your children...”

|
|

 

168 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN

EDUCATION + SOCIAL ACTION « SERVICE
JACKSONVILLE SEG TON, ING.

 

Established in 1893, the National Council of Jewish Women is the oldest Jewish women’s volunteer organization in America.
Education, advocacy and community service form NCJW’s combined approach to its areas of concern. NCJW develops and
implements programs which affect the lives of people of all ages, races and religious backgrounds. More than 100,000 members in
200 Sections nationwide are active in the organization’s priority areas of Women’s Issues, Jewish life, Aging, Children and Youth,
Israel and Constitutional Rights.

Locally, NCJW-Jacksonville Section is currently involved in projects that include the annual Mental Health Forum, Art
Enrichment in the elementary schools, pre-school vision screening, delivery of kosher meals-on-wheels, Guardian Ad Litem,
purchasing hearing aids for indigent children, Tallahassee Institute, and the PACE program, a non-residential program serving
female adolescents who are dependent, truants, ungovernables or runaways.

Board meetings are the second Wednesday of the month with general meetings offering a varity of stimulating and informative
programs on the third Wednesday.

For more information, call President Sue Elinoff 733-6187.

 

Jewish War Veterans

Lt. Meyer Leibovitz Post 199, Jacksonville, Florida

 

 

MARCUS GREBLER The Jewish War Veterans of the U.S. were organized in 1896 to fight anti-semitism,

WILLIE ROSENBLATT specifically, the charge that Jews did not fight in the wars of the United States.

PENNE IM I ACOBSON The battle is not over. It is still necessary for our members to wear our cap with the

Yee Star of David at. public functions such as the Memorial Day services at Evergreen

eee ce Cemetery, the Vietnam Veterans service at City Hall, and in the Veterans Day parade.

ARNOLD ANDRIESSE, P.C., N.E.C. We wear our caps when we solicit funds for hospitalized veterans whom we visit at

JOHN PERIN Lake City and Gainesville V.A. hospitals.

ALEXANDER PHILLIPS Our membership and active participation in the Northeast Florida Veterans Coun-

—— cil advertises us to over 25 patriotic organizations and active duty units in the

oo Jacksonville area. We have protestedanti-Semitic editorial cartoons in the newspaper,

SIDNEY X. COHEN Christian prayer and Christian music at public events, as well as Nazi activity in Duval
aplain

MELVIN O. COHEN County.

JEROME SCuUEM AN Yes, the battle is not over. A large and active membership in the Jewish War

Officer of The Day Veterans is the best way to show we care about others and ourselves.

JAKOB ROGOZINSKI .

Se ae eo For more information call Marcus Grebler, Commander, 743-4558.

JOSEPH KLEIN

MAX GOLDMAN

EDWARD SIEGEL

Trustee

169
MANUFACTURERS VW BOSSEN REALTY CoO.

2529 University Blvd. W.
Jacksonville, FL 32217

Dobson & Son Jewelers Residential & Commercial Property

n) CHARLES HAIMOWITZ
On

NAT - FRANK
WATCH AND JEWELERY REPAIR

Broker Salesman
TOWN & COUNTRY
SHOPPING CENTER
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32211 WE BUY GOLD, ANTIQUE
PHONE 744-1700 JEWELRY AND WATCHES

733-1029 Bus. 733-0881

Best Wishes
Neil, Bonnie, Tom, Joe and Mrs. Rubin STAINLESS STEEL FABRICATION

| CUSTOM SINKS, HOODS, TABLES
(~) Gulf Produce Co. TO YOUR SPECIFICATIONS

INSTITUTIONAL PRODUCTS
634 Dyal Street

3335 BRIGHT AVENUE 356-0026 Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Ph 54-4381
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32205 a

 

Mfg. of Energy Efficient

Aluminum Windows and Doors

Kinco, Inc.

oc

Office 355-1476
5245 OLD KINGS ROAD
FRED KING JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32205

170 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Wy)

at tA

 

Board of Directors

David A. Stein
President
Alexander Brest
Honorary Chairman
Max Block
Vice President
Richard Browdy
Vice President
Lois Chepenik
Vice President
Lawrence DuBow
Vice President
Joseph P. Safer
Secretary
Daniel Edelman
Treasurer
Carol Freedman
Harry Frisch
Mark Green
Irene Jaffa
Barbara Jaffe
Howard I. Korman
Dan Kossoff
Lawrence Richter
Aaron Scharf
Kenneth Sekine, M.D.
Leonard Setzer
Stephen J. Silverman
Roy J. Sloat, D.D.S.
Jay Stein
Phyllis Vandroff
Bruce Warschoff
Eugene Wolchok, M.D.
Dennis Wolfson
Richard Wolfson

JACKSONVILLE JEWISH MEN’S BOWLING LEAGUE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS SEASON 1987-88

President - Don Kupfer
lst Vice-President - Ed Wolfeld
2nd Vice-President - Charles Scantling
Secretary - Lee Schlachter
Treasurer - Stephen Solomon

MEMBERS OF THE BOARD
Alan Weintraub e Rick Long e Harry Rubin

— ABOUT THE LEAGUE —
e Bowls Monday Nights 6:30 p.m.
® One of the City’s Oldest Continuous Bowling Leagues
e Dedicated to Having a Good Time and Promoting good Fellowship

e Top Awards are Dedicated To: Hymie Fialkow, Dr. Harry I. Yergin
and Elliot Starr, May Their Memories Be For A Blessing.

 

Jewish Community Alliance

8505 San Jose Boulevard e Jacksonville, Florida 32217 e 904-730-2100

As we approach a new year in our Jewish calendar, a new member of the Jewish organizational
community is growing on the site of the former Beauclerc Country Club. The Jewish Community
Alliance is coming! |

The dream of a centralized facility for cultural, recreational, and enrichment activities for the
entire Jewish community is coming true. Plans call for the 78,000 square foot JCA to open its
doors June 1988.

The JCA will provide opportunities for the development of an educated, knowledgeable
leadership and intelligent, participating citizenry. Its rich and varied programs of Jewish and
general activities will include:

e Cultural Arts
eCommunity Services
e Social

e Youth
e Adult and Senior Adult
e Single Adult

Thirteen volunteer task forces are actively at work to provide the framework for the JCA’s
programs and policies. These volunteers represent every sector of the Jewish community. The
needs, wants and “if only’s” are being examined by over 200 dedicated task force members, and
recommendations for comprehensive activities will be the result. The JCA will be “state-of-the-
art,” staffed by the very best professionals to be found.

The Jacksonville Jewish Federation will move its offices to the JCA when the building is
completed. Meeting space and aspecial Organization Room will be provided for all local Jewish
organizations.

Our new Jewish Community Alliance aims to enhance the sense of cohesiveness within our
Jewish community, and to foster a renewed dedication to the values of American and Jewish
democratic traditions. Its mission is to serve all Jews, of any age or circumstance.

From all of us, may your year be blessed with good health, peace, prosperity and a feeling of
K’lal Yisrael.

e Education
e Health and Physical Fitness
e Early Childhood

PERC RC eRe ehh ts ht hh 8h hhh bbb hadadah Mohiaiaictaisichaiatataialnte!

*
2
ba
»
P
b

* ATTICS
* WALLS
x FLOORS

e TRAINED INSTALLERS

e LATEST BLOWING EQUIPMENT
¢ Pesoomite 268-4588
3 6935 Distribution Av. S.

PVT UT TTT erry yer yy rye yr yy yyy erry yy rrr rrr

— FREE ESTIMATES —

 

Tere eee ee ee eee 8 88D hi diatiatiniies

b
2
b
»
»
»
7
Pt
an)
‘Ba
b
»
2
b
b
by
a
»
y

Swensen’s Ice Cream Parlor & Restaurant

calor:
W

Swensen’s Ice Cream Factory

/

nop

Fashion Square
10063 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32247

(904) 268-1910

Regency Square Mall

9501 Arlington Expy.

Jacksonville, FL 32217
(904) 725-4520

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 171
 

FROM ONE SIDE OF
THE
WAILING WALL

Best wishes for the
New Year
From the Clayman Family
Loren and Ilana

Bobby, Teddy, Mary, Scott
and Grandma Mae

NICOLE, NOAH, SUZANNE
CAREY, BOBBY, MARK & TEDDY

BROADMAN FAMILY,
MAZEL TOV TO OUR CHILDREN CLAYMAN FAMILY
ON THEIR B’NAI MITZVAH FRANKEL FAMILY
PORTNOY FAMILY

 

 

172 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
DIGESTIVE DISEASE ASSOCIATES

PRACTICE LIMITED TO GASTROENTEROLOGY
AND HEPATOLOGY

820 PRUDENTIAL DRIVE SUITE 111

398-7205

BEST WISHES FOR THE NEW YEAR

LAWRENCE S. GOLDBERG
JACK R. GROOVER
ROBERT S. KANNER
MURRY L. LANGFITT

VICTOR R. WIDNER

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Best Wishes For

A Very Happy and Healthy
New Year Io All

Le Shanah Tovah Tikatevu

ROBERT C. LIPSKY

Attorney and Counselor-at-Law

136 E. Bay Street
Jacksonville, Fla. 32202
Phone 355-0220

St.Vincent’s
is people.

hospital stay can be traumatic since patients often fear
the unknown. The caring staff at St. Vincent’s Medical
Center realizes that. They know that explaining a procedure
and thoroughly answering questions can help reduce that fear.
Whether it’s in the operating room, a nursing unit or
physical therapy, St. Vincent's cares for patients as individuals.
Individuals who have a need for medical care as well as a need
for conversation.
St. Vincent’s knows that it takes more than modern facilities
and state-of-the-art technology to care for patients.

People Caring for People

StVincent’s
Medical Center

Bi

 

174 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
MARK ABRAMSON, M.D.

UROLOGY

4203 BELFORT ROAD « SUITE 106
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA

739-3333
Best Wishes

PHOBIA, ANXIETY & PSYCHOTHERAPY CENTER

A
ALAN J. HARRIS Ph.D. _ Happy, Healthy

COUNSELING & FORENSIC PSYCHOLOGY
New Year

3716 UNIVERSITY BLVD. S. To All
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32216 (904) 739-3688

Beauclerc-Mandarin Eye Center

DR. ALAN I. RAUCHWARGER
OPTOMETRIST
FAMILY EYE CARE
CONTACT LENSES

Williamsburg Park |
9398-3 San Jose Blvd. Telephone
Jacksonville, FL 32217 (904) 730-2299

OFFICE HOURS — MONDAY 9:00 A.M. - 7:30 PM. — TUESDAY — FRIDAY 8:30 A.M. - 5:00 P.M.

Panama mb Orage

Your Neighborhood Druggist

DIAL 765-3531 7302 MAIN ST.
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32208

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 175
Le Shanah Tovah Tikatevu

May the Blessings of Peace, Health
and Happiness be yours throughout
the New Year

Kogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Adult and Pediatric Orthopedics

Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. - Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.

3716 University Blvd. So.
Suite 3
Jacksonville, Fla. 32216
Phone 904/733-3529

176 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

KENNETH M. SEKINE, M.D.

Psychiatric Associates, PA.
1357 Palm Avenue
Jacksonville, FL 32207

BAPTIST WOMEN’S PAVILION Phone: 396-2477

Best Wishes for a Prosperous
and Happy New Year

836 PRUDENTIAL DRIVE

SUITE 802 (4n/

 
 

Psychiatric Associates

David L. Sall, M.D.
James L. Larson, M.D. (
John R. Stamm, M.D.
Michael Pruitt, M.D.
Andrew J. Ruffett, Ph.D.
Patricia A. Stacey
Richard A. Friedemann
Bryan A. Williams
Danise E. Lanciault
Martha D. Peterson
Candice Perkins
Van Anthony Fiser

JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207

399-5787

PRACTICE LIMITED TO GYNECOLOGY

OBSTETRICS AND INFERTILITY

 

LYNN E. BRUESKE, Ed.S.,
LICENSED MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELOR
4008-1 SUNBEAM ROAD . JACKSONVILLE, FL 32217 . 262-7015
Best Wishes For A Healthy And Happy New Year

GOLDSTEIN & GOLDSTEIN - General Law Practice
500 Law Exchange Building .« 24N. Market St. ~. Jacksonville, FL 32202
904-353-4421
Best Wishes to All Our Friends .. .

Maurice W. Goldstein & William Goldstein

BARRY P. SETZER, D.D.S., Pediatric Dentistry
9109 Baymeadows Road - Suite3 . 733-7254
Best Wishes For A Happy and Healthy New Year
Ellen, Barry and Dena Setzer

A Healthy, Happy New Year to All

Edward S. Baker
473 Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. oRe
54 West Forsyth Street

Jacksonville, FL 32202
Phone 904/354-4500

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 177
Compliments

WOOD-HOPKINS
CONT ‘wz ©.

GENERAL CONTRACTORS
COMMERCIAL INDUSTRIAL
MARINE

 

1901 Hill Street/P.O. Box 3215/Jacksonville, Florida 32206/Office 904/353-5521/Yard 904/353-8451
A member Co. of Rowe Corp., Charlotte, N.C.

178 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
BEST WISHES We Wish All Of Our
For A Family and Friends

HAPPY AND HEALTHY A

NEW YEAR Happy and Healthy
New Year

From

STEVEN & ADRIAN GREENHUT
AND FAMILY
OUR SINCERE THANKS FOR

DR. STEVEN GREENHUT YOUR CONTINUED SUPPORT
PODIATRIST, FOOT SURGEON AND GOOD WISHES.

3609 HENDRICKS AVE.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207 PHONE 399-3666 ROSALIND AND JOE KLEIN

 

 
 

 

L’Shanah Tovah
To All Of Our Family and
Friends At The Center
from
The Verstandigs
Dot, Harry, Lauren, Wendy and Jenny

Best Wishes for the New Year
ARLENE FRIEDMAN-ZEL
CARY AND LAURA ZEL

 
 

 

A HAPPY AND HEALTHY
NEW YEAR

JILL & MARK ROSNER
DARREN & BRETT

 
 
 
 

I am happy to be
back in Jacksonville
among family and friends.
I wish you all a Happy and
Healthy New Year
EVA PERLMAN

PEACE, HEALTH AND HAPPINESS
To All Of Our Members
And Their Families

From The Officers and Board
Of The Jacksonville Jewish Center

L’SHANA TOVA TIKATAVU

Our Best Wishes For The
THE REITERS
ERIC, ILENE & ALLISON

New Year
GERRY, ROBIN & HEATHER BETTMAN

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 179
Bright Ideas
Don't Come From
EA elt

If all we had to do was pull a switch
for a brilliant idea, great ideas
would be an everyday occurrence.
eee thinking is the |
hardest thing we do.
And the truth is most
people would rather
rely on an old idea
than sweat out a new
one. At Creative Con-
_ cepts, sweating for
new ideas is an every-
_ day occurrence. If you
Vi Cenbi eb CemcKosvelem oye ted ots

HAPPY NEW YEAR A Healthy and Happy New Year

from DERMATOLOGY CENTER
Bernard L. Kaye, M.D., D.M.D., PA. N. FRED EAGLSTEIN, D.O.

Diplomate, American Board of Dermatology
Fellow, American Academy of Dermatology

Suite 702
Laurette Howard Doctors Building

Ladevco Office Plaza
396-2816 (904) 388-6550 1721 Blanding Blvd.

: Office Hours Suite 104
PLASTIC SURGERY By Appointment Jacksonville, FL 32210

Best Wishes for a Healthy and Happy New Year

FUNK & GREEN - Attorneys
305 Washington Street

Jacksonville, Florida 32202
(904) 358-8088

MARITAL LAW °* BUSINESS LAW * BANKRUPTCY LAW * CRIMINAL LAW

 

180 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 
 

“ pfs? atte
ee
i >
em he

Pree ae

Sees 5
eso

FLORIDA REGIONAL
MEDICAL IMAGING CENTERS

re
ae

DIAGNOSTIC RADIOLOGY — MEDICAL IMAGING

CT SCANNING MARVIN V. McCLOW, M.D.
DIAGNOSTIC ULTRASOUND MARVIN S. BERR, M.D.
NUCLEAR MEDICINE SAUL EISEN, M.D.
RADIOGRAPHY ROGER D. GIFFORD, M.D.
FLUOROSCOPY MARK H. FREEMAN, M.D.
COMPLETE WOMEN’S PETER R. BREAM, M.D.

DIAGNOSTIC CENTER

8081 PHILLIPS HIGHWAY * SUITE1 ° 904-731-XRAY

MANDARIN
FOOT CARE CENTER

PODIATRIST

 

Stephen M. Meritt, D.P.M.
Podiatrist - Foot Specialist

Phone 355-1553

4010 Sunbeam Road

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 181
Banking... Dish Gardens
Silk Arrangement
theAmFedWay. Weddings

Beg ; Flower Shop |

Flowers for Happy Times

: | a 2 Flowers for Sad Times
a » age - : 3 mi s Flowers for All Times

banking. SOF 3837 Southside Blvd. PEG AGELOFF
ae. Jacksonville, FL 32216 641-9705
Savings Bank you’ll

enjoy friendly

one-on-one service to

help meet your financial

goals. You'll discover innovative}

banking plans that make ~ Ve

managing your money easier. And our easy-to-reach

offices make banking convenient and hassle-free. {he a

Visit us soon for banking the way it should be!

evs
Banking...theAmFedWay. %, oll & iw opr?

‘Wii= American Federal GIFTS — LINENS

a Savings Bank Bedroom and Bathroom Accessories

Administrative and Mortgage Lending Offices

oe St. Augustine Road e Jacksonville, Florida 32217 Specialized Service

Branches: FREE Clr I WRAP

Lakewood 730-0664 « Mandarin 268-6733

Blackstone Bidg. 632-2750 « St. Augustine Road 731-5644
Glynlea 721-3960 « Baymeadows 731-3660

Julington Creek 268-3351

2058 San Marco Blvd. Phone 398-7147

Store Hours 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday thru Saturday.

Let me put my
REAL ESTATE Experience
To Work for You!

STACY WOLF EPSTEIN
THREE MILLION DOLLAR CLUB Best Wishes

“I'd like to be your Realtor!”

Bus: 737-2290 me" | QUALITY HARDWARE &
| SPECIALTY CO., INC.

Serving the traveler for over 17 years
207 N. Ellis Rd.
Phone 781-8100

Chantal Littleton

President
B 904-262-9911

BUSINESS & PLEASURE TRAVEL, INC.

9965 San Jose Boulevard, Suite 45, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Merchant's Walk Mandarin
No Extra Charge For Our Service

 

182 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
PHONE 783-0950 BAG LADY

Hand Bags and Accessories

9965 San Jose Bivd.
Merchants Walk Center
Jacksonville, Fla. 32217
904/268-7999

Compliments

JACQUES KLEMPF PROGRESS
iat vee Punnitune

JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32202

JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA

32205
CHARLES MOSKOVITZ
| K.S. “Buzzy” KLAUSNER

ATHLETIC CO. ae
‘ SERVING JACKSONVILLE SINCE 1964... i f 1-9330

ONE OF THE SOUTHEAST’S LARGEST BEACHES
ATHLETIC GOODS DEALERS... 246-7585
TEAM & INDIVIDUAL EQUIPMENT & CLOTHING FOR 1124 N. SRD ST.

@ BASEBALL ® SOCCER ®@ BASKETBALL @ FITNESS NORTHSIDE
@ FOOTBALL @ TENNIS @ BASKETBALL POLES @ BARBELLS & BENCHES 76 8- 3 7 8 3
®@ TRACK ® CHEERLEADERS ® BACKBOARDS @ NAUTILUS EQUIPMENT

OR DIAL

— TRAMPOLINES —
768-0648

6817 NORWOOD AVE.
COMPLETE LETTER! Beane a SCHOOL cuir COMPANY CHURCH ERIE On LEAGUES
COMPLETE LE TTERING & ARTWORK OF NOVELTIES FROM ’ , ’

“YOUR ONE STOP FOR ORIGINAL DESIGNS OR COPIES FOR YOUR FAVORITE COLLEGE — ONE DAY SERVICE AVAILABLE —
SILKSCREEN, EMBROIDERY AND MONOGRAMMING—” OR PRO TEAM... THE “CAN-DO” PLACE — FAST & PROFESSIONAL

Snterndtional
DELI X BAKERY

We Specialize in Catering
For Any Occasion
0 Full Service Deli and Bakery
LC Cakes Baked To Order
XO Indoor Restaurant and Outdoor Patio
C1 Gourmet Eat-In or Carry-Out
LO Large selection of Pastries and Gourmet Cookies

HOURS—MON-FRI-10AM-6PM, SAT. 9AM-5PM

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

ALVIN M. COP. LAN, Mortgage Banker
MARCIA A. COP. LAN, Mortgage Broker

Ist and 2nd Mortgage Loans on
Residential and Commercial Property

We Also Buy Existing Ist and 2nd Mortgages

COPLAN MORTGAGES
LICENSED MORTGAGE BROKERS
4251 University Blvd. S. Phone 737-6996
Jacksonville, Florida 32216

Enjoy our dining areas or phone
ahead for take-out service
Open 7 Days per week

9965 San Jose Blvd.
Merchants Walk 268-6266

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 183

 
Sth St.

RADIO, TV,

HI-FI, INC.

Bring It In and
Save $$$

Open Monday thru Friday

Closed Saturday

39 East 8th Street
Phone 354-8130

DIAMONDS e WATCHES

GUITARS e GOLD e PISTOLS
AMPS e CAMERAS e TOOLS

PEOPLE'S JEWELRY

& LOANS, INC.

_ WELEND MORE
/ 11744 MAIN STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL

VISA
MASTER CHARGE

Discount Prices

Morris ‘Zip’ Zerulik

 

7 ~~

WESTERN
NATURAL
GAS

BEST WISHES
FOR HEALTH,
HAPPINESS, PEACE
AND PROSPERITY

2960 STRICKLAND ST.
PHONE 387-3511

 

184

Today’s Casual Fashions —
Priced to Fit!

Saraga’y’

of Jacksonville, Florida

Regency Court
9312 Arlington Expressway
(904) 725-5460

The Promenade
2777-26 University Blvd. W.
(904) 731-4727

Mandarin Plaza
9825-20 San Jose Bivd.
(904) 268-4288

 

MONEY LOANED ON
ANYTHING OF VALUE

HARRY’S PAWN

SHOP, INC.
40 W. MONROE STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202

| ot ‘353-0320

U.S. MONEY
BOUGHT & SOLD

 

Compliments

All-Brite

Sales Co.

2204 Haines Street
Jacksonville, FL

Phone 354-4687

Williams

10450 SAN JOSE BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32217

 

 

REALTY HC. REALTORS

FLORENCE EVANS

REALTOR-ASSOCIATE®
BROKER-SALESMAN

Million Dollar Club

June Terry |

INTERIORS

5040 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida
ge207
Tel. 733-4441

JUNE TERRY
Designer

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

BUS: (904) 268-3000
EVE: (904) 733-4668

 

 
 
 
 
 
save 20% to 60% off

department store regular prices

on famous maker and designer fashions
for your family and home.

 

Open Mon. thru Fri. 9:30 to 9:30
Sat. 9:30 to 9 Sun. 12 noon to 6

JACKSONVILLE Arlington Expy. across from Regency Square Mall

ORANGE PARK Argyle Village Square, Blanding Blvd. and Argyle
Forest Blvd. Gust north of Orange Park Mall).

SIMON OF LONDON NEW YEARS GREETINGS FROM
EVA J. JACKLER

Beauty Salon

REALTOR Associate with ERA MELTON, DAVIS & ASSOCIATES
10057 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
Office 904-268-7207 eves. 904-737-0442

Manicures and Pedicures

3572 University Blvd. W.
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Adjacent to Publix
Phone 737-2020 TRAVEL Consultant with BUSINESS & PLEASURE TRAVEL, INC.

9965 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
Suite 45

a WORAS Office 904-262-9911 eves. 904-737-0442

Call for travel for large groups or small, by air, land or
9965 SAN JOSE BLVD. sea, for business or pleasure. Discounts available for

UNIT 48 group travel. Call for a move around the corner or
JACKSONVILLE

FLORIDA
32217 Multilingual.

across the country.

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 185
BankingPower

 

 MAOw one

rs

=
SS

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

e’re fast. Convenient.
Uncomplicated. And

with more personal banking

power than you've ever

had before.

FERNSTON

First Union National Bank
of Florida

Branch Offices Statewide Member FDIC

©1987 First Union National Bank of Florida

186 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

Section125

SAVING YOU AND YOUR EMPLOYEES
TAX DOLLARS

MEET A LEADER IN SECTION 125

Colonial Life & Accident Insurance Company
. IS a leader in the implementation of Section 125,

Cafeteria Plans.

We've recognized the needs of employers and employees

and have developed one of the industry's most compre-

hensive Section 125 programs.

Let us show you how you and your employees can take
advantage of this dynamic benefits concept.

For more information contact:

Stephen M. Hackel
904-731-2586

COLONIAL

LIFE & ACCIDENT INSURANCE COMPANY

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 187
Happy New Year

To all of our
friends...

May you find peace,
health and happiness
during the Jewish New
Year.

Rosh Hashanah, a time
to reaffirm faith,
examine past conduct
and pray for
forgiveness.

 
 

A time to remind man
of the importance of

living a God-fearing,
God-loving life.

The Ghelerter Family

MENDELSON

PRINTING & OFFICE SUPPLY C4:
752 W. ADAMS STREET .
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
(904) 355-2222

188 Mentton the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS
BEAUTIFUL PARTIES

Gries UUs iby)

3617 ST. JOTINS AVENUE, 387-2525

x-uMMM MM MM Herman Jackson

59 Years of Business
FIRST COAST BUSINESS MACHINES Dry Cleaning

Typewriters, Printers, Calculators, Word Processors We specialize in cleaning and preserving

Swi eC Authorized Dealer Wedding Gowns
« Sales and Service
CORPORATION
New and Reconditioned Machines

8101 Old Kings Road, South

Jacksonville, Florida 32217

737-0041 9 to 5

725-4485 Weekends Keith L. Kupperman

All work done on premises

1981 San Marco Blvd. Phone 396-7010

 
 

CONTRACT HOUSE DRAPERIES, INC.

HALLS
PUMP REPAIR & SUPPLY

— SALES —

 

Lanny L. Zimmerman

2430 University Boulevard West
Jacksonville, Forida 32217
Tel. (904) 737-9077

Residential & Commercial

REPAIR SPECIALISTS

© WATER PUMPS @e POOL PUMPS
e SPRINKLER PUMPS

 

PHONE 388-7867 3010 W. Beaver St.
Jacksonville, FL 32205

 
 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

 

189
_ |Quality has its price

Neen“ j

p & we have it for less!

NORTH FLORIDA’S LOWEST PRICES!

KitchenAid

Stunning styling is only the beginning.
The real beauty is the KitchenAid
appliances you choose today will be
with you tomorrow, and tomorrow, and
tomorrow. Every KitchenAid appliance is
i designed and built to give you many
| yearsof dependable
performance...iImportant when you're
considering costs.

 

e Refrigerators e Washers e Dryers
e Dishwashers « Trash Compactors
e Food Waste Disposers

3 a | ¢ Built-In and Freestanding
KMiéitchemAfid For the way it’s made.” Cooking Appliances

a’. MITSUBISHI

Setzer’s is your headquarters for Mitsubishi
-recognized worldwide for quality and
innovation. From their smallest portable right

up to the top of the line 50” rear projection
color television, you'll see, hear, and ex-
perience the difference. Mitsubishi,
intelligent electronics now at
smart prices at Setzer’s.

 

 

j i |
S|

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

ee

a

oo é | Wrens
. cae Me di | |
een |. BS ————— ————_ i
| SS

|
{

 
 
 

Serving the Builders & Homeowners of North Florida

JACKSONVILLE « GAINESVILLE ¢ ST. AUGUSTINE
731-4100 376-1617 829-8999

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

~
a

—

|\SETZER’S
am PRIMARY & FAMILY
asd CARE CENTERS
— OF JACKSONVILLE

WALK IN CENTERS FOR THE IMMEDIATE TREATMENT OF

* Emergencies and Medical Problems

 

* Cuts, Sprains, Fractures
* Fever, Cough, Pain and Other Medical Illness
PHYSICIANS AND TRAINED MEDICAL STAFF ON DUTY
8 a.m. to 12 Midnight, Seven Days a Week
NO APPOINTMENTS NECESSARY

Complete lab & x-ray facilities We accept Workers’ Compensation
and Health Care Insurance
MANDARIN PAXON IMESON PARK John F. Garcia, M.D., P.A.
262-2273 781-6203 757-9349 NORTHSIDE CLINIC
10311 San Jose Blvd. 1718 N. Edgewood Ave. 10385 N. Main St. 353-6118
1-295 & St. Rd. 13 next to Sears Warehouse 1951 Pearl St.

next to Burger King

Compliments of

6621 Southpoint Dr. N. Suite #150
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone 739-2555
REGISTERED REAL ESTATE BROKER

 

REALTOR

REAL ESTATE @ PROPERTY MANAGEMENT @ CONSULTING

S.W. “BUDDY” REGISTER BARRY J. GOLDSTEIN

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 191
:

MOBILE GAS (ST. AUGUSTINE GAS)

Since 1885

PROPANE GAS
FOR
SPAS - HOMES
G, INDUSTRY - RESTAURANTS
| LAUNDRIES - MOTELS
WATER HEATERS

 

Parts For All
Gas Grills

 

OUR PRICES ARE LOWER
THAN NATIONAL DISCOUNT CHAINS

Chamglouw Ducane

Ron Katz 4110 University Blvd. Ct. 733-9533

192 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
ste sem

Alphabetized Directory

A Duval Federal Savings & Loan .......... Jax Federal Savings & Loan ........ 154
AMSE American Alarm ............ Oe ge Petes a a en cana, inside back cover Barbara Jaffe-Prud. Bache .......... 74
Abrameon: Dy Mark a, i or ee ie PIS DUvar med ieee so os es eee aad Chee JAX LIQUOPS ITC? in CO ee iss oe ee 146
Pemoe Fiche: Caged a a oe eases 90s “Duval Sorte: ike eyes ee 144 +» JeelsPhermaey: vee es oad 41
Action Chemical & Equipment ....... 58
oe TH: Adair-Hair Styliste 045, oo oes ok 140
All Bale Sales Oo. = in Pa aa ee 184 E
Atlanke Bag & Paper’). oe. ea 25: ‘Bast Coast Briar 153) la 8 eMart ae ee ae he hae 140
American Federal Savings & Loan 182 8th Street Radio, TV, & Hi-Fi ....... 184 Charles Katz-Merrill Lynch .......... 15
American Insulators ........cecece 171 Mickey Ehrlich-Thompson McKinnon De Bernard Rave oes oe ee 180
American Import Lighting Co. ....... 164 Sectiities Ine: ger ue ae eer OR Tey Basile eye eee os 196
« American. National bank <9.) ee Stacy Wolf Epstein oi a Re RA eee he 182% TONES ne ie ee ae 170
Bl NN i ae al gt Pena inside front covere=@Sman Arts: 2.06.6. eh cw dee DO "PIC ININGR Os Mera, ou cae ee ee ee
Jordan Ancbacher_@omur Realier 140; Florence EWans oi. yc site ses te oa 184-=" Kirby Rental Servite: 6. ve is Oe 164
Anything With Plants <2. (24224 Oy We ANNG. Pte asta, es Be ae res 164. sw ick Kravitz 64 era eee ee: 76
Arlington Schwinn. 1.870. 5 2 ere. 98 PN OWeNSE 0 8G oie ok 110
#~ Armstrong & Smith Controls Inc. .... 162
ASIDE ee oes bets Cees 107 as
Atlantic Bag & Paper Co. ........2.. en. Fascinatin Rhythm Studign.1 54.5474. 88
Adlianie Monument 2.0 2 kee 43 Carolee Feltz-Key Buick ........... 195 L. Bee Furn. & Waterbed Gallery ee 12
timer HOGhaM DYOS INC 6 e cs ec ee 118. LaMice The Pioret 400 fo ioe. 106
“First Coast Bus. Machines ..02...... 189 La ienge is ss hee ee ke 32
B «we irst Union National Bank of Fla. 186 Lakewood Printing & Office Supply . 152
Bangg ee pee 183 Fleet &iAssoe* ia ee a ae 119 i Ware Lavrisey Ine. a0 oy fe 145
Edward Baker-Dean Witter & Reynolds . ™»Florida National Bank .............. 64. “Larrys Sne@e Storesine. 62.2702. 107
sah ee Bese mee Piet Sy Grae! aoa iy! 177. FL Regional Medical Imaging Cent 161. Lawers Tile Ine Corp: 08 ea TMG
Bo ae ee i es 84: “FL Sound Engigeering:. 63. bos 3 seca 119 La-Z-Boy Showcase Shoppes ....... 194
The Bath & Linen Shoppe ......... 182 eeF lorida: Wilbert Inc: 2... eee eZ St AQ Vee eet aimee ee Oe gi 118
Beaver St. Foods-Farmers Mkt. ...... 20 Flowers of Mandarin ....... Bis Ke 150 Leibo’s Big & Tall Men’s Shop ....... 76
evigneeoick. . Oe ar a ie 72 Fluid Systems Onbieé.drn, 20s Ted | 2 Judith Levinson-Watson Realty ...... 154
Borman GrOe oc oe eee, 16 «#Fred’s Buster Brown Shoes ......... 76 >> new Hlecivie Sapole Co. oi 21
Blosam Contractors ......eccceccee AG’. french: Newel oe ens 14 Diberiy Purves ee 14
Mike Bono-State Farm Ins. ......... 147 _ Jerry Funk & Robert C. Lipsky-Attorney ......... 174
Bossen Realty CO: eee ee ee 170. Mark Green-Attorneys .......... 180: tkocal Motion Band 23 ok 76
LR Bowen ie Sons ines: oy ae 170 Lodinger & Schneider Assoc. ....... 116
The piidahbiace Go. cae ee 154 - SOPTN NG AOD GAS oes gy 5 Fe se ane 150
Brnerwood Builders Inc. 2.54.4 Oe re.: 30 EONS caedy te ary ot AR oo ee eee 62
Cakes by Bettha Brown G56). ck S.. 114 Gateway-Orange State Uniform
Lynn Brueske-Ment. Hlth Counselor .. 177 Rentals oe cree cee e cee ces 145
Business Env. Mfg. Inc. ............ 145. W.W. Gay Mech, Cont... 04... 159 ah M
Business & Pleasure TravelInc. ..... 199 Gaye's Catering Serv ooo ose eis 110 Mackoul Distributors Inc. .......... 118
Jan Butensky-Prudential Bache ....... 38 “General Wholesale Co. of FL ....... 110 Mandarin Foot Care Center ........ 181
mika CsGldneln. ec POL ae oe 108 Manpower Temporary Service ....... dZ
Goldstein & Goldstein-Attorneys 177.‘ Marine National Bank <<... 3%... 5... 22
C *«(Sraham Appliance Service Inc. ...... To "Mark Personnel. ves. ea hes oe 97
BCS Transportation: 25) oR. 144 Dr. Steven Greenhut-Podiatrist ...... 181. Mark’s Specialy Shop .. ..45. 04.225 118
Chassee Distributors .........-ecece 16: MDBIO Sha Oe ee 143. Maron's Furmture: 2.6 3 0 3 a 36
Citizen’ s Federal Savings & Loan ........ AGP OR Core: Ss ee ie ae 195°”. Marshals Ge 250 ca on ees 185
ee ea a ene Oe ue ae outside back cover-emaulf Produce — 0: 2360 io ea css OF LPO. Tne Mazel eo. 20 i oe Se
Richard Clarson & Assoc. -. oo eo. eS 146 Gulf Products Division ............ 148 .. Davia Mazo Sales Inc.) 2. 9 6 oa. Us 52
Coasial Brake Service 6.6. a2 0 76 Memory Lane Expressions Inc. ...... 104
Cosginmaniaen eo NG oe 90 Mendelson Printing 066. oo se 188
Allen Cohen-Prudential Bache ....... 38 H Merrill Lynch-Charles Katz .......... 15
Raymond Cohen Advertising ....... 200 = Hall’s Pump Repair & Supply ....... 189 . Michael’s Fine Jewelry” .....5. 2035 48
Chapiee clematis (ik oh ee 1907.;, Heimer SING se eS de Minny ¢ Anitiqnes fo, ss aos eee a 66
Colonial Life & Accident Ins. ....... 187 Bob Ham Opticians .........4...'. FOU . Mobile Gis 4s. bic) ay ei eee 192
- Consolidated Distributing ........... go~ Jerry Hamm Chevrolet ............ 119. Moris Upholstery... 4). - ead es 145
Contract House Draperies, Inc. ..... 189 **Hardage-Giddens Funeral Home ...... 47 «= Moscovitz & Sons of FL Inc. ......... 10
Copien, Alvin@ Marcia. i: ae. 187 Peed. Haris, FN... os eas see i/o) Mosesuiders lua ae ea, Ge 145
Omer We CO. Whi aa en oe 154 “=*Harry’s Pawn Shop ............... 184%Mt. Carmel Gardens Inc. .......... 147
SC YOeIE HOE S. os a ee a TAG: PICCOL IMB DEL coy oes ne ae a pale 154
Creative Concepts es a 180. Hewra Raddisha «06... oes 46
Credit Bureau of Jax ........022., tag. Trewell Funeral tomes: 44.2. .45% 2 a 42 N
Cut Rate Carp. & Vinyl Co. ......... 4g Earl Home e sag ae eee 6 8 68... Nero’s Restaurant | 2.6 es ee ee: 152
Hygema House Movers ........... 118 Harry N. Nestler Interiors .......... 118
D New York South Hair Stylists ....... 134
Datz Delicious cs i eee at 108 I
Del Monte Trop. Fruit Co. RD Ne ar) eos 6 Impressions $A Reels hee nia ae 8 Oe ee 110 O
--t~ Dermotology Center ™Indepencent. Life Ins. Co. 452.6 6 6s as 38% Osterer Construction Co. .......... 112
DrFred Eaglstem |. sou. ae 189 «International Deli & Bakery ........ 183
«ee Mike De Santo Insurance .......... 164 P
i Sg ta ava ane ates |
Ditcener "2 J mePanairia DUES eg faye is ae 175
~~~ Digestive Disease Assoc. .......... $70: JAAN Va ein sie eet 106°” Parrish Vowe. costco vs oe 56
Dixie Contract Carpet 3.0 ea j Eva Jackler-Travel Consultant Rhonda Passink-Stationery ......... 104
Ditiebds Ce 2 oo i ee en 183 CeO eee a Lon 180: Patt’s Restaurant: (4 vo. 2. tac cee ns bi!
vue Dobenrn & Son iewelere: 8.0. ae 170. Herman Jackson Cleaners ......... 189° Peas Flower Shon’: 64 cae. view ee 182
Dowling Douglas Dup. Mach. ....... 145*=Jax Coca-Cola Bottling Co. ......... 23 People’s Jewelry & Loan Inc. ....... 184
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 193
 

Wholesale...

 

 

|

VISA

Oppes

ALARCON ie
; SEULLITELY,

t's not.

But it's better
than paying

 

LaZBo
642-9620
272-4860

. a. ME
~<a

* PRO
‘ 2 O '

al YZ

NIS 2:

NE

gp Wl

Be is

@ 52

80

JSP

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

194
_ Perdue Office Interiors

Pcie

-’" Psychiatric Associates

-
Oe, & BD 8:6 6 Be 2e"6

Y Pit Bae ws coc A ee regia ate
Pierre Beauty Supply
Posnock Kosher Foods Inc.
Pretty Plus
Process Master
Progress Furieture 0.45 6048 oir ee
Prudential Bache-Allen Cohen

' dan Butenskiy soe) Oras vet es 8's
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Jonathan Schlackman

eos 6€ 6 6 €¢. @¢ 8. ©: ¢ @ 8 ©
eoeeoeeee#e#e#eet: ee
eeeve3scj4eeee#ee#evse#s8 8 ee e@ @ © @ @

. 8 O26) er ee 6 Se OS, 8S, 308-2 6.
OO) B25 OR Oe

Publix

eo. e686. O48. 6 6:8. 0. 6: OO Ce SO OTe Oe 88

| Quality Hardware & Specialty Co.

* Ramada Inn Conf. Center
Dr. Alan Rauchwarger
| Record Bar
P Rilomes PMMMUS 0s Wass ee wee
a Richard sanc. Of dak... ean e se fs
 Richarasacry ine... 95.0 c eee e's
-# River City Travel Agency
| Riverside Gown Shop
Roberts Photography... 6 oo. saan es
W.B. Roddenbery Co. Inc. .........

eoeeee##eeee ee

eo” OO: 6. OP Ope: 6 O-- 6 “OC. D OO 8:8 OO. ¢

eeoeoee#es#5sc§6eeees#n5neee

117. Rogozonski Orthopedic Clinic ...... 176 7
86 Robert Roth Ins. Agency ........... IR Pare TCI 5 wk a os oe 184
148 Royal Witte COrp: ooo. ke a Sa 137 Tiaas Wery Sneed «fon. . eee ws 112
37 Ee FO ons hs ee o> 164
154 BOOS ee oe ee hee A 106
26 S Travel Connections Unlimited ........ 54
183 Saraga’s of Jacksonville ........... 1Ge > Patera Je i ee ee 84
38 Saturday’s Family Hair Care ........ 154. “Turner Phung © Sy ee Ses ee ee 98
38 Jonathon Schlackman- Neal Tiler @: Sons... ac a he as 148
74 Price ACN oe ee. i ke es 38
38 ™=Kenneth Sekine, M.D. ....25....4.-. 177
177° De. Barre F eeteer DS 64. os 177
TR OR ere ee ek a wide ws ae ee 190 Underhill Personnel Services ........ 152
SOS SO NG og ek ee ha ew wes 154
“Sinai Kosher Foods Corp. ........... 50
MANOR OTL URCOR 6,46 os ss eee 185 V
190 Suece are 6 ek ck. ee 23°™"Vandroff Insurance Agency ......... 150
«0forenko Real Estate & VGgie Site ee eee, Se
IVSHWANCe FGCHEU 65 kus 6S Fos 31
Sonitrol of Jacksonville ............ 198
116 Southeastern Pension Serv. ......... 34 W
175. - Southern Menument <2.......0.4.- Aa. Walle Bakery ces vive 5s ods 142
134 w.Mark Spiwak’s Institute of Fine Arts ... 60 “Western Natural Gas ............. 184
- OM ERI IRN as op ee ee ol eee 96 “Winn Dixie Stores ...........+55, 164
189. Richard Stewardson . 22. 2.622 3 wk, 70 Wood Hopkins Contracting Co. ..... 178
11s: Seawbherry Pidids 6 oi5 es ss saw ew 94
134 St. Vincent-De PaulComm. ........ 174 Y
104: Sump a Spesit. oo en ee 163 :
104 Swenson 4's. ia Gike ee ee 153 Yogurt Works .......-..-++++-e- 185
119

Compliments

of

Your Local Gulf Dealer

642-6060

4660 Southside Blvd.

“The dealership that’s different”

JACKSONVILLE, FL 32216

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

For All Your New
And Used Car Needs

CAROLEE FELTZ
SALES REPRESENTATIVE

 

195
 
 
 

 

We are proud of this fact. This is one of the reasons we are so
particular about the people we hire. Our company policy is to hire
only people of good character with a willing, sensitive attitude
and who are totally honest. You'll never go wrong buying a car
at Key Buick. Our people will make sure it is right for you. If
you've never dealt with Key Buick, you have a pleasant surprise

in store.

 

BUICK

4660 Southside Blvd.

642-6060

 

___ Thanks to the wonderful women

in the Jacksonville area we ve been able
to maintain our leadership in sales
(of all our new car buyers, 5 out of 10 are women)

For Sales and Information
Please Contact
CAROLEE FELTZ
MINDY ZODY
KIM SHIELDS

:

aoe ee
Se —
een ——
eee =——
—— |A ——a
— —
— ae
—= ———
ee a
See ame
Se ——w
—

— _ —
ww

The dealership that's different
Classified Advertising

ADVERTISING
Raymond Cohen Advertising ........... 38
Creative Consens es cee pe 180
APPAREL
Bag tay aera oy i aah ei 183
BOGYDNGD. fis ue 6 a ee ae 32
Phe BedaePince ee wee a a ee 154
Chathe. Colemans' oO tac es oo ee 183
Fred's Buster Brown Shoes: 204 76
Freven Novelty... Cry seer 14
Pe DObrins INGs cay ers Se ee ike i2
ALOIS atta ee eta ies wane snr Ge ena eae 32
Larry's Shee. Stones'inG. 0.3... oo. ek 107
Leibo’s Big & Tall Men’s Shop .......... 76
Miarchalsane: oti Peo ar Boo | 185
PVCU SEs hi, eae hate ens 154
hiverside (Gowm ShOp. ihe .e ee ee cen 134
SaraGa 6 ere le ek ea gis alo oe 184
Steir Mark. vee Vee i ere as ae 26
Sirawoerry. hicks uae tee eG 94
NO@GUC SINGS. hisses co Cale etoaar 32
ANTIQUES
Wii SoAIMIGUIES MoCo ern cs Skye Sho 66
APPLIANCES-SALES & SERVICE
SOLIS oe a aaa eee None 190
Graham Appliance Service Inc. ........ 145
ARCHITECTS
PleerBe ASsotmtes os er a as 119
ART
SIMA ES eee a ee es 50
ATTORNEYS
Jemy Funke (28 eee oe ea 180
Matirice (olstein 2. oo i gee ae iw
William: Golasten 2.0) este ie es ay
WarkGneer bere al a eh en ee eee 180
RODenE EIpSWitra ote teen vr ee 174
AUTOMOBILES-DEALERS
Duval Bord eae es ane lc 97
Carolee Feltz Key Buick: 283. 6) ey he 195
Cocain Pontiac. soo ee ate 90
gerry Plamim Chevrolet i... cae es 119
IROUBMC He aa 0 toe ae eee oa 196
Parisi, VOWO ok oe eee gen ae 56
AUTOMOBILES-PARTS & SERVICE
Coastal Brake Service. 35 ea 76
Cotmey. Tire Co, oo 2 se as 154
Sikes & Stowe Inc. (23. oy a oe ee 154
BAKERIES AND BAKED GOODS
Cakes by Bertha Browme 3). oe 114
International Deli & Bakery ........... 183
Walaz Bakery. .yi ta re ee 147
BANKS & SAVINGS & LOAN
American Federal Savings & Loan ..... 182,
American National Bank s>.2%.406 0 oe
sig ipo go ad eae ae ee Inside Front Cover
Barnett Barker ee es 84
Citizen's Federal Savings 6 Loan 3). ..3. 1.2:
seat ae tea paar Bie, eae Outside Back Cover
Duval Federal Savings. & Loan? i 25 44.
oe Slee eet ee) Saha a a eens Inside Back Cover
First Union Nat |Bank of FL 4333 186
Florida National - bank... 0. ©4533 ee 64
Jacksonville Fed. Savings & Loan ..... 154
Marme: Navona: bank one.) ec eee 22

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

BEVERAGE, LIQUOR & WINE-
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
Consolidated Distributors ............. 80
Dial Sprisa i. ere ee as 144
General Wholesale Co. of FL ......... 110
Jax Coca-Cola Bottling Co, 2.22 ic4 a 2. 23
Sax LiIGMOrS ee ens Ce ae 146
Royal Wine Corp: fo. Vie. oo eea. TE/
BUILDERS, CONTRACTORS
& CONSTRUCTION
Biosam Contractors 6027 ho ee 40
Brerwood Builders In¢s244242. oo 30
WW Gay-Mechanical Contractors ..... 159
Moss builders.so5..7 002 ee ae ote, 145
Osterer Construction Co: #¢ 0 2. Ss 4 112
Wood Hopkins Contracting Co. ....... 178
CARPET & FLOORING-

SALES & CARE
Cut Kate Carpet & Vinul.Co 07655 1.5. 16
Dixie Contract Carpets oie ae Ce 1
CATERING
Gaye's Cateriio Service (00.5. 2.240: 117
Jacksonville Jewish Center ........... TOL
CLEANERS
Herman Jackson Cleaners ............ 189
DANCE, ART & MUSIC
INSTRUCTIONS
Fascinatin’ Rhythm Studios... 64a. 88
Mark Spivak’s Institute of Fine Arts ..... 60
Richard Stewardson ess ie 70
DENTISTS
Barry P Sepzer Id S ee 177
ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT
Sth Street Radio, T.Vis@ Heri oor e. 184
Sei Zero ee eee yiaae es 190
FLORISTS, NURSERIES, & PLANTS-
SALES AND RENTALS
Anything With Plants: pps awe ae 90
Plowers:ol Mandarin 3 ios vee 150
Flr lOWeres. ee ne ak a ee 110
La ivice The Florist (Ss oo ee 106
Memory Lane Expressions Inc. ........ 104
Pegs Fiswer SnOp fees oe Se 182
Richard’s Inc: of dacksonville’. .:... . 2.3/5. 189
FOOD & PRODUCE-DISTRIBUTORS
Beaver St. Foods/Farmers Market ...... 20
Del Monte tropical Fruit: Co, 3. oye. 5s 6
POI POOR ti tiny ai ee 183
Fast ( oast Frum Gorse esos oe ee 8
Gulf Produce: C6. 5 oie a oes eo: 170
Movsovitz & Sons of FloridaInc. ....... 10
Posnock Kosher Foods Inc... v0. coo 2, 37
Wik. Roddenbery Co, Ines-23. ©. 626s. 119
FUEL, HEATING OIL & GAS
Gulf Oil Corporation: 6 3s ae... 195
Gulf Products Division 330). 2 148
Pople Gas oo eit oe ee 192
Westem Natural’ Gas 2 0 oe 184
FUNERAL HOMES
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes ...... 47

George A. Hewell & Sons
Funeral Homes. ccs. sees ei ee 42
FURNITURE
L. Bee Furn. & Waterbed Gallery ...... 12
La-Z-Boy Showcase Shoppes ......... 194

EOC Ertl a es es as 4
MeaYOMN S FUMMIUNes Js ae en Cie ees 36
Proovese Purninite: 00. folk we 183
Biigaes Furniure ok oes cas Cee 3
GIFTS
Sump hSpesMul oe ee a. 163
Things Vere Special 6 eee 2
GROCERY STORES
PODIUM ee el Coa eee 152
RIVER PRAGA rae es lag 164

HAIR CARE & BEAUTY SUPPLIES
Fi Adar Mair Stulists’ 0, 6 ee 140
Asiot Place icy ae ah ethos ee 107
New York South Hair Stylists ......... 134
Pierre/Brooks Beauty Supply ......... 148
Saturday's Family Hair Care’ 22.) 6253, 154
Snon-of London 2 ae ae 185

HARDWARE
Quality Hardware & Specialty Co. ..... 182
HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
FL Regional Medical Imaging Cen. ..... 181
St. Vincents-De Paul Community ...... 174
Primary (Ware Gemiers 07 oe
HOME FURNISHINGS
Amer. lmport:Lighting Co.% ). 200. 164
The-Bath & Linen Saoppe. 3560) 428, 182
Contract House Draperies Inc. ........ 189
MiatGidt GG ea kee 191
StemeMar ee a eC ae rae 26
HOME IMPROVEMENTS & REPAIRS
American Insulation... .ci.0 8. ¢ 0 bo. 171
Hall’s Pump Repair & Supply ......... 189
IIRC OUI Soe ete 170
Process Master-Carpet Care See bia de altue me 26
INDUSTRIAL &
JANITORIAL SUPPLIES
Action Chemical & Equip: 34. 000027 32% 58
Al Botte Saleg Co. i a ea 184
Et FIOrne ae, Gore as od ee 68
INSURANCE
Print DenWwick: 6.05 aie teak hae da
Mike Bono-State Farm 2.61206 6.6. fo. 147
Mike DeSanto Insuyance: 2.)...5444.3.% 164
Colonial Life & Accident Ins. .......... 187
Diamond instfance: : ae hie eS, 166
lya GOIN ee a nee ee 108
Independent Life Ins; Coc 2) 6. eo. a 38
PNCIOIRVAUE? occ et ec a 76
Lawyers Title Insurance Corp. ........ 145
Lodinger & Schneider Assoc. ......... 116
Robert Roth Ins. Agency ............. 118
Soforenko Insurance Agency .......... o1
Vandroff Insurance Agency ........... 150
INTERIOR DESIGN
fh. Ward Larnsey lie, 3 a ae 145
larry Nw Nestlemintenors 482 sks. 118
dune “terry Inteniors. a2 4 Uae 184
INVESTMENTS

Edward Baker-

Dean Witter Reynolds ........... 177
Jan Butensky-Prudential Bache ........ 38
Allen Cohen-Prudential Bache ......... 38
Mickey Ehrlich- Thompson,

MCKINNOA DECUPILIES 6.0.04 Pe Ak 98
Barbara Jaffe-Prudential Bache ......... 74
Charles Katz-Merrit! Lunch: 2.00... N. 15

197
——. SONITROL __

Best Wishes
To Our Friends
og

The Jacksonville Jewish Center

6128 Kennerly Rd. Phone 731-2300
Jacksonville, Florida 32216 |

198 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
Jonathon Schlackman-

Fracrtiil Pace 6. oo ae oe 38
Southeastern Pension Services ......... 34
JEWELRY
Dotson GSons Jewiers 7.654.406 hk 170
Pe I os are peer et yee ee 32
Michael's Fite Jewelry: 0: 0. 20s BS 48
People’s Jewelry & Loan, Inc. ......... 184
LEISURE ACTIVITIES
Arindion SGhwaty -. 2.068 > 5 ae eer 98
Ewe IS eee ee a ee en ae 164
MONUMENTS
Ailaritic Monuments <3. oo gk 47
Southern Monuments “aa 72.5 73k ae. 44
MORTGAGE BROKERS
Alvine& Marcia Catia vin 2 one 183
MOTELS
Ramada Inn/Conference Center ....... 116
MUSIC, MUSICIANS & BANDS
Local Waonor ana os sy 76
HOCOIG tk oe? ee ee ee es 134
Richarc. Girewardtton 3 ee. 70
OFFICE FURNITURE & EQUIPMENT
Che CUniCeen. es. es ee ee 146
Dowling Douglas Dup. Mach. ......... 145
First Coast Business Machines ........ 189
Perdue Office iritenors “22. F232. 25. 117
OPTICIANS
Pee Rae ee ee Pee 4 150
PAPER PRODUCTS,
INVITATIONS & STATIONERY
Pilenic Bart Paper s. 65 7 6 a oo
Business Envelope Mfg. Inc. .......... 145
SOONG gn sc os A Ge 110
Jacksonville Jewish Center ........... 105
Pawoiiad Fasseit oe ee 104
pis Very ObeCiAal 256s be). oe tie
PAWN SHOPS
Barry's Paws Shop ....5544 217, 184
People’s Jewelry & Loan ............. 184

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

PERSONNEL

Jim King & Assoc.-The King Co. ....... 98
Maric Personnel 6 eo od a cs ch ea 97
Underhill Personnel Services .......... 152
PHARMACY
URIS TTAIHINCY Fc. .; ine. awe 44
Papen Ls oa. yon Ss oe 175
PHOTOGRAPHY
Roverts Pnotogiay <2 ee 104
PHYSICIANS

Mark L. Abramson, M.D.

COORG wk ks fe ie ee 1/5
Dermatology Center-

Dr Tred Face. fo ee 180
Digestive Disease Associates .......... 173

Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.

Jack R. Groover, M.D.

Robert S. Kanner, M.D.

Murry L. Langafitt, M.D.

Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Steven Greenhut, D.PM.-Pod. ........ 181
Bernard Kaye, M.D., D.M.D.-

FSC UNG oo. de ey dp ha ee 180
Mandarin Footcare Center-

~tepnen Ment, IM. ise. 5 es 181
Alan Rauchwarger-O.D. .............. i7o
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic ......... 176

Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.

Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Kenneth Sekine, M.D.-OB-GYN ....... 177

PLUMBING
Turner Pigiabaag 2 98
PRINTING & OFFICE SUPPLIES

Lakewood Prt. & Office Supplies ...... 152
Mendelson Prt. & Office Supplies ...... 188

PSYCHIATRISTS, PSYCHOLOGISTS &
MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELORS

EWI TRI os oe oe ad or ee LJ
Pian d: Plates; Fad. a es ee 175
Psychiatric Associates 2c oad 177

REAL ESTATE

Jordan Ansbacher-Commercial

ROAl Er Ginle | oe a i 140
Bossen Realty Co. ........ Ue ee Cates 170
Siac Wiou Tsiowt 6.0 a oss, cy 182
Plies EVAN re ee Ga 184
Be OE kek bn oh ga Rw 185
ee TRIIGONS 6 sk i. cee tee. 154
MIDOITT BOIVICES 0s seh da a rs 191
Soforenko Real Estate 33.5 ea o

RENTALS
Kirby Party Kenins 5 3). ee 164
RESTAURANTS
Pate elicious 2s a a ee 108
PMNS 6 Sah 50 hina cess eee 143
International Deli & Bakery ........... 183
the leon: 6, ee. & ha ed Cee ig 150
Wero & Restaurant 3 ous of oe 152
Patits RestavWant 2.066555 2 13
CCUM eb eo ec a oe 153
NOQUY Works oie. as 185
SECURITY SYSTEMS
ASME American Alans. 002.00 6.65057... 90
SUOMI gla 6 ee gee ee 198
TOYS & NOVELTIES
Davia Mazo Sales Inc. 220.4... ce ek 52
WOU MEGS 92 a oe ke eee 106
TRAVEL & TRANSPORTATION
Business & Pleasure Travel, Inc. ....... 182
Cm TISOOTISON 60s. es Sak oa a, 144
Mee gO eo a 185
River City Travel Agency ............. 134
Mager COnmecnens . oa Fa ee Ne 54
TUTORS
TAOS. 5 i es es 5 oe cs 84
UPHOLSTERY
Morrie WOiMmete 65. te ee 145
VIDEO
ee VO gre ana eas Oe ae 106 |
WEIGHT CONTROL }

ipt fentee es ele ee el ea 72

Hebrew High students listen intently
during a Jewish identity program pre-

sented by: Carol Freedman, Ken
Organes, Susan Millunchick, Gail
Meltzen, Lois Chepenik.

 

199
No fat.
No extra bodies just
. for show, or just to show

up at meetings.

Just the number of
trained, experienced pro-
fessionals needed to get

ath the job done. Without any
Ae extras who are just along
for the ride. (And you
know who winds up
paying for them.)

No fat means no
clogged arteries: no slow-
down from agency to
client to consumer. Faster,
more responsive service.
An uninterrupted flow of
creative ideas.

Is your advertising

| just one big heartache
ie * ; after another? A lot of
: SMall ideas and big bills?
IG, A lot of bodies but not a
| | lot of brains? Maybe we
Raymond W. Cohen cay help:

A dv ae oe Although we're one of
here ! Jacksonville’s largest ad
4417 BEACH BLVD. SUITE 104 + he
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA 32207 agencies—we wont

(904) 399-1540 too rich for your blood.

 

200
 

SAVINGS AND LOAN .
ASSOCIATION

BEST WISHES FROM THE DUVAL FEDERAL BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Charles T. Boyd, Jr., Chairman
J. Ellis Crosby, Jr.

John R. Day, Vice Chairman
Robert McK. Foster
Clyde T. Higginbotham, Jr.
John R. Lamb
Philip N. Selber

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
 

Dont put off
till tomorrow
what we can

do ‘ ody.

 

 

< DUI <<

= 7 iN — %
As _ ee
ms ” ie
sot | . =

Mortgage loan approval in 24 hours

Borrowing money to buy a new home can be a long and drawn out pro-
cess at some lending associations, but not at Citizens Federal. You don't
have to wait days to begin enjoying your own home. In fact, in as little as
one day (twenty- -four hours) you can get loan approval at Citizens Fed-
eral. Come in and talk to our mortgage experts. See us today and be on
the way to a new home tomorrow.

CITIZENS FEDERAL SAVINGS
and Loan Association of Jacksonville rst (=)

FIVE LOCATIONS TO SERVE YOU: 6410 Beach Blvd.
3533 University Blvd. N. 5410 Blanding a
930 University Blvd. N. 8823 San Jose Blvd.

 

 

UAL HOUSING
LENDER
