Progressive Credit Union

OFFICERS
Chairman of the Board'.4.,....7-...— 3 Moe B. Safer
President 4 223 ee ee Herman S. Paul
VICG-PYCSIGGNL 5.4. ni oe David Gradman
SCCrClaVy 3c od Soe ee Harlan D. Helming
Weasuner.<. i255. tees se Joseph Cohen
Board Members: i222 Jean I. Benjamin
W. Z. Goldberg, Jordan Ansbacher, Edwin Presser
Credit Comm. Members .... Irwin Gendzier, Chairman
Milton Hecht
*Herman Gelman
Supervisory Comm. Members ....... Robert L. Jacobs
Steve Meisel, Richard Miller
Associate Board Members ............ Richard Bernard

Wallace Rubenstein, Ann Rubenstein, Stuart Hecht
Minnie Schreiber
*Deceased

 

The Jewish Benevolent Society in 1939 saw a need to provide financial services to persons of the Jewish faith. Banks were unwilling to make
loans preferring to place their money in bank vaults. In 1940, under the direction of two very splendid men -Laser Klepper and Louis H. Cohen,
the Society was able to charter the Progressive Credit Union as it is known today.

For over 47 years, hundred of families have benefited with loans that were unavailable anywhere else. The Credit Union carried Life Savings
Insurance for the benefit of the members without any cost to the individual members. Interest on savings has been the highest allowed by law.
Loans were made at the lowest possible interest rate. The Credit Union has operated continuously over these years and has lent over six million
to hundreds of people with only one loss in 47 years.

The Officers and Board of Directors have given of their time and abilities these 47 years without renumeration. It is one of the finest examples
of Jewish community dedication that has been witnessed. Special recognition will be given Joseph Cohen, Treasurer and Moe B. Safer,
Chairman of the Board, Charter members for their service and commitment to the Progressive Credit Union.

There was a time to begin. Now it is time for this splendid group to end. Loan application have dropped. The Jewish community is
experiencing no difficulty in obtaining loans elsewhere. New tax laws deleted financing deductions. Car dealers are offering three percent auto
loans. In order to continue to serve the Jewish community, it would be necessary to drastically alter the delivery of services which would require
the expenditure of substantial sums. This would not result ina return to our members commensurate with that investment. Accordingly, good
business judgment dictated the demise of the Credit Union. As a result, an era has come to an end.

Proudly, the Progressive Credit Union will refund to all depositors their full account balances together with a final dividend. It has served the

community well in its time of need.
Mr. & Mrs. Club

OFFICERS AND BOARD MEMBERS

 

 

1987-88
President 2.23 63 se . Dr. Robert & Norma Gerson
Vice-President ...... ee ae Stee Diese Pall FOX
TYCAGUICE 4.226 Louis & Emily Kaplan
Recording Secretary ............ Harry & Rose Tuckman
Corresponding Secretary ...........3... Rose Lieberman
ExX-OMICO: 2.555022 2 . hoes la caue te oa Oe Oe Jeon @once
BOARD MEMBERS
Marty & Bea Caplan Arnold & Doreen Goodman
Jesse & Marlene E. Knieberg David & Hilda Mazo
John & Dorrit Perin

If you are interested in a social club that has a good time dancing, eating, and just plain having fun, try Mr. and Mrs. Club one time as our guest
and we are sure you will want to join us. Our affairs every third Saturday each month and a terrific New Years Party all at the same reasonable
dues which is paid quarterly. Call Ms. Rose Lieberman and ask to put your name in for the month you would like to come to one of our affairs
and she will arrange the rest, call 725-5622 or Dr. Robert Gerson, President at 771-2635. Sorry this offer does not include New Years, but you
may attend at a fair charge per couple.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 155
