Early Childhood Department

Director - Marilyn Sandler

“A Time to Reflect - A Time to Project”

Significant social changes in the United States over the past three
decades have greatly affected American family life and child rearing
practices. A majority of mothers of young children have now joined
the work force.

We have strived for and achieved success in providing the Jackson-
ville Jewish Community with the highest quality pre-school education
and day care.

It is time to bask in the glow of accomplishments, both our own and those whom we serve —
children and parents. Parents who have entrusted their child’s education and supplementary care to
us have felt that we are providing a superior program. We feel that the early years of a child’s life
are especially critical to his/her development.

The Jacksonville Jewish Center, feeling the need for additional space due to increased enrollment,
added four beautiful, well-equipped classrooms this past school year. Plans will soon be completed
for additional classrooms, a large indoor play area and offices for the early Childhood Department.
These additions will be built during the coming year.

Demands of an ever-growing organization and increased programming have given us the opportunity
to increase our dedicated and well-qualified staff. A physical education teacher, two Judaic teachers,
music teacher and additional assistants in all classrooms will be added this year. With the addition of
more Judaic teachers, we will be able to add a Hebrew program that will provide an interesting
learning program to our curriculum. With our well-trained teachers and program we will continue to
provide our children with a positive learning experience of the Hebrew language. We are proud of
this excellent Judaic and General studies environment we have designed for these children. We see
growth in every area of their education. The attitudes and values which are taught in day-to-day
living have a cummulative effect on their future.

Our secret for a high-quality early childhood program is planning - planning and more planning.
Our children know that they are important and the Jacksonville Jewish Center is where they belong.

 

The Jacksonville Jewish Center Pre-School is proud to announce that we are accredited by the
Florida Kindergarten Council, which is affiliated with the Florida Council of Independent Schools and
Colleges. We also are a member of the Florida Association of Children Under Six.

Pre-school Activities

Shirley Bielski
Administrative Assistant

 

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

2
D
1G
&
A
qe
I
6
N
