Cub Scout Pack 14

 

Den 1 Leader - Sue Ann Blumenthal Den 2 _ Leaders - Arlene Rademan & Sheryl Sekine (not pictured)
Front (I-r): Eitan Herman, Barry Blumenthal, Joshua Rubens, Alex LeBeau. (l-r): Jordan Perin, Colin McDonagh, Jayson Dacks, Jason Rademan, Sammy

Back (I-r): Michael Osterman, Adam Frisch, David Moskovitz and Elan Herman. Efron, Mathew Safer. (Not pictured - Joshua Sekine, and Alan Couf).

 

OE

 

Den 3_ Leader - Vivian Levine Den 4 Leader - Becky Hall
Front (I-r): Mark Oberson, Michael Kadish, Michael McNett, Brian Levine. Front (I-r): Zachery Price, Max Stein, Brian Bell.
Back (I-r): Josh Kornblum, Seth Bloom and Eric Goldberg. Back (I-r): Adam Crowe, Jason Austin, Curtis Hall and Chris Nute.

 

Webelos - Leader - Tom McCullough Cub Scout Pack Committee

Front (I-r): Todd Wahnish, Thomas McCullough, Adam Dean, Michael Garber. (I-r): Anne DePaul - Scout Coordinator, Bonnie Osterman - Secretary, Nelson Dean
Back (I-r): Lance Greeson, Jay Goldstein, Morry Safer and Todd Blumenthal. - Assistant to Cubmaster, Carole Goldberrg - Chairman & Treasurer, Lanny Zim-

merman - Cubmaster, Linda Dacks - Publicity.

Cub Scouts is the phase of Boy Scouts that includes boys 7, 8, 9, & 10 years of age. The purpose of this program is to develop good character and encourage spiritual
growth, good citizenship, good sportsmanship, comaraderie with other boys, and a sense of personal achievement.

Pack 14 had five very successful and rewarding dens who met weekly under the guidance of volunteer leaders. Once a month the whole pack and their families met for such
activities as: Pinewood Derby, Scout Sabbath, Blue and Gold Banquet, a campout and quest speakers. At these meetings the boys shared their den accomplishments, put on
skits, and were ceremoniously given badges they earned.

e success of Cub Scouts depends on adult support and involvement. Please call if you can help. A very special thank you to Lanny Zimmerman for all his help, guidance
and understanding.

Happy Scouting, Carole Goldberg
136 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
