Boy Scout Troop 14

 

Boy Scout Troop 14 was founded in 1919 by Rabbi S. Stein,
and nearly 70 years later continues to serve the needs and
interests of today’s youth. Troop 14 is proud of its illustrious
history and to be among the several oldest troops in North
Florida, but continues to be a pacesetter winning the National
Honor Unit Award in 1987.

Troop 14 completed another banner year in 1886-87. The
year was capped by a trip to Camp Old Indian nestled in the
scenic mountains of the Carolinas. There the boys enjoyed a
unique experience camping, backpacking, rappelling, white
water rafting and canoeing in the rugged region. Scouts in
attendance at the summer camp included: Michael Weitzen,
Michael Albert, Seth Rothstein, Adam DePaul, Michael
Walsh, Andy Ussach, Mark Tarrance, Brian Glossman,
Nathan Morgans, Mark Gentry, David Goldberg, Danny
Johnson, Teron Stringer and Life Wilensky.

The year was highlighted by a myriad of exciting camping
trips. At Blue Springs State Park, the Scouts lodged in cabins
and admired the abundant natural wildlife, including manatees
and alligators, from a safe distance.

During a weekend encampment at Oleno State Park, the
Scouts took time to tube en masse down the exhilirating
Itchetuknee River. Gold Head State Park provided a welcome
diversion for the constituents in the fall.

Troop 14 visited Payne’s Prairie near Gainesville where
park rangers have attempted to recreate the natural aura of
the land centuries past by replenishing the vast expanse with
American buffalo and wild mustang. The trip to Payne’s
Prairie was accented by an educational, nature walk led by
Park rangers and a return to the Florida State Museum.

Troop 14 returned last fall to the ever popular Ginni Springs
where the group camped on the banks of the beautiful Sante
Fe’ River and enjoyed water activities in the crystal clear
springs. Fort Wilderness at Disney World played host to
Troop 14 once again for what has become an annual favorite.

Service to others is highly valued by the constituents of
Troop 14, and is a fundamental tenet of scouting. This year
past, the Troop revisited Mt. Carmel Gardens retirement
home for its third annual Thanksgiving Day event. The
Scouts enjoyed serving a special Thanksgiving Day meal to,
and visiting with, the grateful residents of Mt. Carmel
Gardens.

 

Front Row (l-r): Michael Walsh, Michael Albert, Danny
Johnson, Teron Stringer, Andy Ussach, Brian Usoff, David
Goldberg, Aaron Gottlieb

Middle Row (I-r): Jeff Ghelerter, Sean Usoff, Adam DePaul,
Marc Gentry, Michael Weitzen, Brian Glossman, Paul Arten
Back Row (I-r): Harry Peltz (asst. Scoutmaster), Grey Walsh
(asst. Scoutmaster), Marty Gottlieb, Bill Wilensky (asst.
Scoutmaster), Randy Silverberg (Scoutmaster), Steve
Ghelerter (Committee Chairman), Dan Wilensky (asst.
Scoutmaster)

Not Pictured: John George, Roger Golcher, Tommy Hunter,
Nathan Morgans, Richard Norve, Seth Rothstein, Life Wilensky,
Michael Shultz, Shane Steinfeld, Kyle Steinfeld, and Mark
Tarrance.

Under the planning and direction of Senior Patrol Leader
Michael Weitzen, the Troop raised the funding and provided
the ingenuity and labor to construct a clay volleyball court on
the grounds of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for the
enjoyment of all its members.

Troop 14’s weekly meeting agenda includes scouting skills,
games, sports and public speakers of interest. A ten-mile hike
to the Museum of Arts and Sciences by way of the scenic
River Road area was punctuated by lunch at Worman’s Deli.
NASA provided a stimulating program keeping our modern
scouts current on the latest trends and developments out of
the Space Agency.

Troop 14 thrilled the attendees of the annual Blue and Gold
Banquet with improvisational skits, “ The Sylvester Stalone
School of Scouting” and “Host Busters,” a parody of several
popular television game shows. Scout Sabbath provided a
special occasion for the troop members to join with Cub Pack
14 to again reaffirm Scouting’s dedication to the principle that
a scout is reverent. Rabbi Kentof provided the exceptional
spiritual leadership at the Sabbath service to which we have
become accustomed.

Boy Scout Toop 14 can be truly proud of its program, and
welcomes interested boys of 11 years and above to join its
ranks.

from lhe simplest lo: the most elite

Nephi Medes Don Fe Ges

jor your orden 268 6736

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 137
