President’s Message

Time is a relative aspect. While waiting for someone, or something, time drags interminably.
When looked back upon, time has Flown, and one often cannot understand how quickly things
have gone by. For young parents awaiting the birth of a child, or who want a full night’s sleep, time
drags by. For an older parent, or grandparent, time has left them wondering where everything and
everyone has gone. For the child who would not sleep yesterday, is the parent of a child who will
not sleep today.

The goals we set for ourselves, and the ideals, and promises that we hold for sometime in the
future very often are gone before we have had the opportunity to accomplish them, or to enjoy
them. For while we struggle day to day, time continues to elude us, and once used, can never be
returned.

And this is what Rosh Hashona and Yom Kippur are. A reawakening, and a reaffirmation that
each of us must take the time to reflect on what has escaped us during the past year. They are also
the reconfirmation that we still have time, if we only use it wisely, and do not allow it to pass
unused. We have the time to say thank you to our families, and our friends for all they have given
us in the past. We have the time to thank God for the blessings he has bestowed upon us the

 

 

blessings which we very often simply take for granted. We have the time to thank the many _ ss. L.
° ° e e 5 Gee ey j Zo OO ee
volunteers who have workec tirelessly for the Jacksonville Jewish Center in the myriads of ee

programs, and affairs, and schools, and all of the things that have made our Congregation so great. Eugene H. Kornblum
We have time to program and to work for all of those areas that need to be created and refined, and perfected, on behalf of our
Congregation. We have time to commit ourselves to give our time to the Center, and to our community, for the benefit of everyone,

including ourselves.
We have time, and we must take time to stop and evaluate all of the good that each of us could do, if only we would stop for a brief

moment and “Take Time”. |
Rosh Hashona and Yom Kippur are the points during our year in which we take time to reflect on what could have been, what should

have been, and what was.
I want to take this time to thank all of you—my family, friends, officers, Board members, volunteers, and members— for a wonderfully

exciting first year. | also want to take time to thank all of you for the wonderfully exciting upcoming year. For withall of us “Taking Time”
together, the Jacksonville Jewish Center will continue to resound as a house full of Blessings.
From my family to yours, may this High Holiday Season give you the “Time” to enjoy what God has given to us all. L Shona Tova.
Gene, Annetta, Craig, Paige, and Josh

eR Merrill Lynch
..- A Breed Apart

Serving all of your investment needs.

Charles M. Katz 121 West Forsyth Street
Financial Consultant Jacksonville, Florida 32202

904-634-6017
800-342-1519 FLWATS
800-874-8462 National WATS

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 15
