ADULT EDUCATION

During the year 1986-87, the Adult Education committee met often and worked diligently to provide an inspiring and informative
program for adults. Chaired by Bob Lipsky, the committee included: Ellen and Neil Abramson, Jay Aronson, Marlene and Bob
Bossen, Linda and Joel Bressler, Phyllis and Larry Goldberg, Chary and Michael Greenburg, Sharon Kessler, Gail Kodner, Clara
Mann, Susan and Ed Millunchick, Judy and David Mizrahi, Judy and Ed Mizrahi, Robin Morris, Eliot Safer, Florence Schreiber,
Ilene Schinasi, Minnie Schreiber, Dot and Harry Verstandig, Mary Zimmerman.

SHABBATON WEEKEND 1986

featuring Dennis Prager

The Shabbaton presented by the Adult Education Committee on November 21 and
22, was a thought provoking experience shared by Jews of all ages and backgrounds.
Dennis Prager, the speaker for this event, delivered a series of insightful talks followed by

spirited question and answer sessions. Participants were challenged to re-examine their
Saeed Jewish values in light of the increasingly tolerant social climate in 20th century America.
oncontemporary society, Dennis ~My Prager touched on a broad spectrum of topics ranging from the need for God’s

Prager, was the guest lecturer at
the Center’s annual Shabbaton

Weekend, November 21-22, the existence, to the threat to human rights posed by Communism.

Case for Judaism in the Late 20th It was gratifying to see such large numbers in attendance at all the
sessions, and to hear the positive responses to Dennis Prager and to
this type of program.

The success of this shabbaton indicates a growing need for
intellectual stimulation of a religious nature. It is the goal of the Adult
Education Committee to continue to provide experiences of this
depth and quality.

‘. We look forward to another Shabbaton weekend this fall. Please

Shabbaton chairmen, Judy and David Mizrahi and Susan and Ed Millunchick, Sie
planned a very inspiring weekend with Dennis Prager. join us.

SETZER-LEVIT MEMORIAL LECTURE
April 5 & 6, 1987

The Setzer Levit Memorial Lecture is an endowment to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center by Leah Setzer Levit and Milton Levit in memory of their fathers, Benjamin
Setzer and Joe Levit. This annual event gives the Jacksonville Jewish community
the opportunity to learn and discuss Jewish issues and concerns.

 
 

 

 

 

 

This year, Dr. Stephen Whitfield,
author, scholar and lecturer, and history
professor at Brandeis University, was
the guest speaker. On Sunday evening
Dr. Whitfield presented an amusing

 

 

Thanks to the efforts of Dr. Neil Abramson, we were able to enjoy a

1 i & 1 visit from Dr. Fred Rosner, physician and Jewish medical ethics
i sade lecture, F Is a a Dr. ee lecture, — Values oe the oe
oO ern Medicine” was enlightening and informative. Picture
ee eee SS (Ilr) Dr. Neil Abramson, Rabbi David Gaffney and Dr. Fred
Should Ask.” Rosner.

On Monday morning, Dr. Whitfield
gave a provocative assessment of Charles
Silberman’s book, A Certain People:
American Jews and Their Lives.

 

 

Dr. Rosner presents copy of his book. Modern Medicine and
Jewish Ethics, to Library Chairman Minnie Schreiber.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 39
