what a great summer!

Do you remember???

The home-made blueberry ice cream, Israeli scouts, swim-a-thon, pony
rides, magicians, treasure hunts, overnights, flying model helicopters, home-
made pita bread, carnival, swimming lessons, karate demos., craft sticks,
fishing, tigers, Arts & Science Museum, silver wind-up robots, show biz pizza,
cartooon dress up day, monkeys, chocolate popcorn, elephant straws, bowling,
C.I.T’s tye dye shirts, bicycle rides through Arrowhead, beach bums, police
visits, dress up day, Coca Cola necklaces, sack races, sand castle building,
cheese popcorn, Gators, pom poms, pom poms and more pom poms, critter
encounter, Kaballat Shabbat, Gold Head, canoeing, skating, beaded bracelets,
find-a-word puzzles, sports, Hokey Pokey, Charlie & the Chocolate Factory,
River City Playhouse, free swim, beach, Ichatucknee tubing trip, Carvel Ice
Cream, counselors, cave man dress-up day, blueberry picking, boogie man,
mining for stones, challah, Putt Putt, Judaica classes, nature walks, talent
show, arts & crafts, circus and clown dress up day, pirates and shipwrecks,
food, fun and excitement! ! !

With an average of 98 children per week, these are only a few of the activities, events and trips we all shared together.These are the things that have
created memories for the children and the staff of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Day Camp. These memories, plus the memories of the many other
exciting activities will stay with us throughout the year bringing a smile or a giggle when we remember . . .

The 1987 Jax Jewish Center Day Camp

The success of the 1987 Day Camp was due to the excellent imagination, creativity and supervision of the Day Camp and swimming pool staffs. The
camp and pool staff including Scott Balotin, Hannah Bendit, Ellen Goldring, Cindy Goldstein, Jill Goldstein, Laura Greenburg, David Levin,
Robby Levin, Karen Manasse, Avi Perets, Jennifer Segall, Sheree Spriggs, Susie Teitleman, Chris Turner, Michael Turner and Sherry
Turner, all gave their enthusiasm and leadership to enhance the camp. Jane Grann, Jerry Holthouser and Annice Yergin gave their time, energy
and expertise to give additional help and substance to special camp programs. Volunteering, yet working extremely hard, these C.I.T’s learned from the
camp and well as helping the counselors: Leslie Adler, Stephanie Adler, Michael Aronsohn, Greg Balotin, Valerie Baruch, Suzanne
Broadman, Mindy Goldberg, Alex Greenbaum, Golan Grinberg, Judy Jacobson, Michelle Levin, Deeanna Preston, Desiree Preston,
Sarah Rosenbloom, Meredith Schulman, Pam Scott and Dei Wells.

 

Gayle Bailys and Sheila Turner

 

100 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
