Jacksonville Hevrah Kaddisha

OFFICERS

President - Joel Bressler

V. Pres. - Nathan Sandler
Treasurer - Alan Taffet

Telephone Chairman - Ann & Nathan Shmunes

 

‘ OTHER MEMBERS ARE
| Linda Bressler, Bea Browdy, Laurie Benwick, Babs Goldstein,
pi . A Dr. Michael Greenburg, David Mizrahi, Max Shumunes,
Alan Taffet, Nathan Sandler, Simon Selber; Simon Selber, Anita Solomon, Lil Meizlik, Lisa Lefkowitz,
Seated: Joel Bressler, Bea Browdy Bob Bossen, Marlene Bossen and Janet Husney.

Dignity After Death

While the world around us continues to debate death with dignity and “when to pull the plug” on patients kept alive by
artificial means, few people appear to care what happens to the body after death has occurred.

For almost two thousand years, traditional Judaism has cared to treat the deceased with as much dignity as one would
have in life. Plain white shrouds to cover the dead replaced ostentatious garments. Public viewing of the remains was not
allowed — better to remember the deceased as they were in life.

Burial societies were formed in every town and city to make sure that standards of lovingkindness were maintained for
all. Much respect was given to a member of the Holy Society, or Hevra Kaddisha, as these groups were called.

Jacksonville has been fortunate to have an active Hevra Kaddisha for almost thirteen years, although the number of
active members has been smaller than desired. Additional members can serve to enhance dignity after death even more
than has been done in the past.

A “Hevra” member serves without pay to handle some aspect of caring for the deceased or the remaining close
relatives. Various ways they can serve are:

1. participating with other members of the committee to wash, shroud and place the
body in a plain wooden coffin,

2. telephoning other members of the committee to arrange for them to meet as the
need arises,

3. providing transportation for the Shomer, the person (or persons) who sits with
the deceased from the time the body has been placed in the casket until the
funeral,

4. preparing the Meal of Consolation, the first meal which the family members eat
after they have returned from the burial,

5. making arrangements in the house of mourning for the 7-day Shiva period,
including preparation of meals,

6. baby-sitting the small children of the family when necessary, and so on.

This year our annual “appreciation” banquet will be held on February 25, 1988. This date corresponds with the 7th day
of the month of Adar, traditionally the day on which Moses died. Those Jewish people who would like to join our Hevra
Kaddisha and share in our “labor of love” will be invited to attend. As one of our members was heard to say, when asked
why she was a member of our group, “How can I expect someone to care for me after I die if I don’t help others who
need me now?” ;

Please contact your rabbi or Joel Bressler, the local Hevra Kaddisha president, if you are interested in serving on our
committee of dedicated workers.

46 Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
