Message from the Executive Director

As we begin a New Year, we also begin a new partnership as my wife, Ilene, daughter
Allison and I become active new members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.

I look forward to meeting exciting new challenges, making new friends and becoming _
involved in a wonderfully active Jewish environment.

The Jacksonville Jewish Center has already set on a course of expansion and growth. I
plan to do all I can to further its development with leadership, organization and most
importantly-cooperation and participation from you—our members.

Ilene, Allison and I have already found the people of Jacksonville to be very warm and
friendly. We look forward to meeting all of you in the very near future. We would like to wish
you all a Healthy and Happy New Year.

 

Eric G. Reiter , ;
Executive Director Eric G. Reiter

Message from the Social Services Director

The past year has been a very exciting one in the history of the Center. Thanks to the
dedication and efforts of many volunteers and staff, the Center continues to grow and move
forward. All schools have outgrown the existing facilities.

It has been my privilege to be a part of this dynamic instruction for so many years as a
volunteer and as a member of the staff. However, I almost made a great mistake. I had
planned to retire as of June 1st. After much thought and re-evaluation, I realized that to
retire at this time would be a drastic move.

I would have missed the opportunity to be involved and be a party of the expansion
program to complete the Center. I would have missed the experience of working with Eric
Reiter, our new executive director.

 

But most of all, I would have missed the pleasure and satisfaction of advising, helping and
Blanche Slott catering your needs for Simchas, and at last having the time to expand the Center’s catering
and social services.

May the New Year be one of health and prosperity to all.
Blanche Slott

?

]

 
 
 

 
 

 

. CARPET &
Since 1951 VINYL CO.
ITALIAN & AMERICAN RESTAURANT 33 YEARS SERVING NORTH FLORIDA
FAMOUS FOR OUR ORIGINAL CREATION
BONELESS CHICKEN A LA PARMIGIANO — 3819 Main Street
ies Phone: 356-3366
Dining Room Banquets, Ege N jy Bhs
j — ormandy Boulevar
Catering & Take Out Service Phone: 786-9500
Open Daily 5:00 P.M. & Sunday 4:30 P.M. — 1601 University Boulevard, :
7300 Beach Blvd. Phone: 744-6611

Phone 725-1662 or 725-6677

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 13
