Simhat Torah Honorees

Reprinted from the Center Bulletin:

The Festival of Sukkot reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the holiday.

Because of Israel’s perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to in Jewish tradition as Israel’s “bride.” A tradition evolved
in ancient times to honor the individual called for the last reading of the Torah - the Hatan Torah “the Groom of the Torah.” The
person honored to begin the Torah reading from its beginning is called Hatan Beresheet “Groom of Genesis.” We also honor a
woman who has made a distinctive contribution to our synagogue and Jewish life.

We will honor these three individuals on Simhat Torah morning October 26. We extend a hearty mazel tov to our honorees and

their families.

 

W. Z. “Bill” Goldberg
Hatan Torah

Bill Goldberg has been a volunteer at the Center
for more than forty years.

He taught Sunday School for 17 years; served on
the Board of Directors for 25; was an active member
of the religious, education, membership and adult
education committees; is a past president of the
Center Men’s Club and Mr. and Mrs. Club; chair-
man of the Men’s Division (1956-57) of the Jewish
Community Council and is responsible for starting
one of the first havurot in Jacksonville.

Bill doesn’t brag except for his co-chairman-
ship of the Sunday evening minyan. “Can you
imagine,” he says, “we have never missed a
Minyan.”

The list could continue but what really makes Bill
So special is the warmth and friendliness he brings
to all his endeavors. His positive attitude, his unsel-
fishness and his devotion and concern for the Cen-
ter have earned him this honor on Simchat Torah.
The Center is his extended family, in fact, Bill is
everyone’s “grandfather.”

Weare proud that Bill was chosen to receive the
honor of “Hatan Torah.” His wife Grace; his daugh-
ters, Paula, Enid and Maxine and their families
share this joy.

May Goldie Stillman
Woman of Valor

In 1956, May Goldie Stillman became president of
Center Sisterhood. During her term the “wheel”
was initiated - a system still used today whereby the
functions of each vice-president are divided into an
organized pattern. Other highlights were the re-
decorating of the auditorium and the groundbreak-
ing for the religious school on 3rd and Silver.

May Goldie grew up at the Center and attended
all the religious schools. As an adult she recalls
spending many hours in the Center kitchen cooking
for Sisterhood activities and holiday celebrations.
While her children were young, she devoted most of
her volunteer energy to Girl Scouts and Brownies.

Now, she enjoys her Sunday visits to the Center
where she manages the Tofield collection of the
Henry Kramer Library and serves as co-chairman
of the Library committee.

We are grateful to May Goldie for sharing her
very special talents; her leadership ability, and so
much of her time for the betterment of the congre-
gation.

Our Woman of Valor is a devoted wife, mother,
and grandmother.

We share this simha with her husband, Sidney;
her children Barbara, Cynthia, Susan and Arnold;
her eight grandchildren and other members of the
family.

Jacksonville Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
Jacksonville, Fla.

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers

 

Wilbur Margol
Hatan Beresheet

To say Wilbur Margol is a man with keen fore-
sight would be an understatement. It was during his
presidency (1970-72) that the Center’s present site
was found and purchased. He realized, along with
other Center leaders, that the Jewish community
was moving away from the city toward the south.

Money had to be raised, attitudes changed and
challenges met, and our honoree was there in the
forefront - soliciting and encouraging the congrega-
tion and reassuring everyone that the inove was
necessary.

After his presidency he assumed the chairman-
ship of the Building Fund - and was determined to
complete the task.

The Center is indebted to Wilbur for his tireless
efforts and devotion to the congregation.

Our Hatan Beresheet was there in the beginning
to lead the congregation as he will be on the Simhat
Torah for another beginning.

Sharing “Muttie’s” honor are his wife, Marilyn; his
children; Lonnie, Rodney, Kim and Wendy; and
other members of the family.

 

23
