Solomon Schechter Day School

Founded in 1961

The Solomon Schechter Day School is designed as the first step in preparing students for their religious role in Jewish life as
well as their role as successful and contributing members of our society. The school offers an integrated curriculum of Judaic
experiences, Hebrew language and general studies. The goal is to create informed, intelligent American Jews, cognizant of their
history and heritage and proud of their tradition and values.

Located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Wing of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, the Day School has the unlimited use of a
library, computer room, gym, sportsfield, stage, swimming pool, tennis courts and chapel.

 

Kindergarten - Teacher Rosemary Nowotny
Front (I-r): Jeffrey Glassman, Donald Salmon, Heath Lewis, David Organes
and Mark Frisch. Jesse Rauchwarger, (Not pictured: Katherine Gutkin).

Back (I-r): Amanda Weitzen, Shira Morris, Natalie Osterer, Sharona Kadish, Back (I-r): Melissa Yergin, Ilana Shmunes, Mary Davis, Alyssa Rademan, Erin
Melissa Levin, Lori Goldstein and Sara Safer. Ortagus and Michelle Meth.

Kindergarten - Teachers: Arlene Yegelwel and Avi Peters
Front (I-r): Ryan Law, Eli Fleet, Daniel Frisch, Adam Hodz, Lane Goldberg,

 

First Grade - Teacher - Annice Yergin
Front (l-r): Michael Ford, Phillip Echt, Eric Held, Sam Tannen.
Back (I-r): Adria Pollan, Katie Bettman, Elyssa Newman, Rebecca Wolfson,
Elizabeth Baker, Ivy Epstein, Hadassah Phillips, Samantha Levine, Stephanie
Sussman (Not pictured: William McMillin).

 

 

 

Second Grade - Teachers - Mrs. Gaye Sager, Mrs. Nili Grinberg
Front (I-r): Michael Siporin, Mathew Safer, Mark Millunchick, Eitan Herman Ilana Manasse.

and Adam Shmunes. Front (I-r): Seth Bloom, Josh Kornblum, Scott Albert, Elan Herman, Eric
Back (l-r): Joshua Marks, Josh Ortagus, Jennifer Marks, Mirian Nudel, Goldberg and Michael Kadish.

Sabrina Huber, Douglas Weinstein and Jeffrey Garfinkel. Back (I-r): Staci Spivak, Adina Pollan, Goldie Safer, Jacquelyn Goldstein,
Sandra Drashin and Rachel Selber.

:

th

Mrs. Judy Reppert, Mrs. Rose Lynn Plotkin,

Wt

Third Grade - Teachers -

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 87
