Zionist Organization of America

 

Jacksonville District

OFFICERS To keep Israel strong, we work hard to keep the Zionist Organization of
Pwsdont.. (2 Wendy Honigman Americastrong. Since 1948 we have generated funds for ZOA projects in Israel
Chainanworiemerd = Milton B. Mann. MD _ 2nd Zionist programs in the United States. ZOA has organized young adults

leadership missions, instituted the first series of Christian Zionist dialogues,

Vice Presidents educated over 30,000 Jewish students at Kfar Silver Technological/Agricultural

Membership ................ ... Lillian Meizlik — High School in Ashkelon, services over 25,000 Americans and Israelis each
Fund Raising :....... aga Alan Taffet month with cultural programs in the ZOA House in Tel Aviv. Besides publishing
EGueatenic oa Anne Shmunes _ [he American Zionist and ZOA insider, there is the Zionist Information News
Proarams lan Pater Service that provides a weekly bulletin filled with vital not usually found else-

ee ee aes oe Og eee where. ZOA has placed ads and letters to the editor on topical US-Israeli,

Re cording Secretary ......... Leon & Lois Robins Zionist and Jewish community issues, testified before Congress on Free Trade
Financial Secretary .............. Linda Bressler _ legislation and moving the US Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and petitioned
Corresponding Secretary ....... Clara Mae Mann = anddemonstrated on rescinding US resolution 3370, rejecting US dialogue with
Irene Joel Bressler the PLO and opposing the sale of AWAC planes. It has been our custom for 40
Bea ee Nathan Shmunes Years to sponsor a Jewish National Fund Banquet, for the community, in order
Pcianan Joseph Honan MD to plant trees in Israel. This year we honored the memory of David Ben Gurion,

; one of the founders and first president of the state of Israel. The children of the
dNE Chaimmen.: 2... Cantor Al and Pearl Marton Hebrew School of Beth Shalom Congregation and all of the schools at the

Jacksonville Jewish Center completed Gardens. Students at Ahavath
Chesed began a Garden and when all of their trees are sold, they will also receive a plaque.

A new project is the establishing an Ethiopian training complex at Kfar Malachi. We have been invited to place bookshelves ina library for the
Ethiopians. This coming year, we hope to combine with other local organizations in raising the funds for an ambulance in Israel.

ZOA is one of the few Zionist organizations with a constituency whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel. Renew your commitment to
Israel by joining with us.

Jacksonville District ZOA is continuing the ZOA/MASADA SCHOLARSHIP Fund which awards scholarships to students of the Jackson-
ville community. The recipients may choose from the many Masada Youth Programs in Israel. These programs provide a six week tour of Israel:
exploring from the Galilee to the Gulf of Eilat. The applicants must submit an essay on an assigned topic and then be interviewed by the
scholarship committee. For an application, please call Ina Taffet at 737-7848.

 

Cantor Marton, Chairman; Wendy Ina Taffet talks about Masada pro- _Lillian Meizlik, Membership VP & Marlene Solomon accepting plaque
Honigman, President andLarryWass- gram. Charles Mizrahi, Master of Cere- for Garden planted by Beth Shalom
er, JNF director Southeast Region. monies. Congregation Hebrew School.

 

B’nai B’rith, an international service organization ie rate Oh,
founded in 1843, united world Jewry for the advancement & Bg ae
of the Jewish people and helps create a better world for < Pillans |’ ZAM 2

Sinn
all people. The needs of the world are great and B’nai 9 e 9 ©
g B'nai WZ B'rith

B’rith sets an example to follow. Whether those needs be
providing for the poor, caring for the aged, visiting the
sick or incarcerated, supporting science and art, pro-

gramming for youth, assisting victims of natural disas- ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE #800

ters, making sure Israel lives, or elevating the mental and a 5 :
moral character of the people of our faith, B’nai B’rith is 6161 Phillips ‘eee eee Florida 32216

more than just a concept, it is living experience whose

resource is people. This vast resource — people — are Stuart Ficéht... 45. ..;. ~ivduswd dee cuk si oes ce Pree
giving of themselves to help create an atmosphere of Bob Ariel 333 4624545 sb du beecoeu cs eu WCE eee
compassion and understanding. B’nai B’rith is an organi- Harry Nestler ... 0 cso es descend se eee
zation that opens its arms to all Jewish people and lets Richard Miller... oic. ews ds cdcccecveciss VOT Teper
those people gain honor, dignity and authenticity through Milton Hecht ................ Vice-President & Treasurer
programs of educational value, awareness and action. Donald Sampson. 25 3 a5 4 kei be wee be ee Rel

Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers 153
