The synagogue is the center of the community. For
the members of our congregation, we have always
known that community could be found at The Center -
no matter the location. What began in people’s houses
moved to the first synagogue building at Jefferson and
Duval Streets. As membership grew, and the idea of a
Jewish Center was approved by the Board of Directors,
the need for larger space to operate the social and
religious activities was needed and plans were made to
purchase land at 3rd and Silver for the new location of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
That was 1927. As time went on, our congregation
planned for the future while developing the warm, rich
traditions in the present where wonderful memories
were created. As the school grew and there was a
need for greater space, the activities building was
constructed. Eventually, the Jewish community began
to move south, away from downtown. There was a
need to plan for the next chapter in our congregation’s
history.
The 1963-64 Center yearbook states: “The Center
now stands with an eye towards the future. In 1962,
the Land Acquisition Committee was formed so that
the congregation’s growing need may best be served.”
President Philip Selber z’l reported: “with the purchase
of our new 36 acre tract on State Road 13, there opens
before us new vistas never before even dreamed of.
Not only can we plan for the utilization of this tract for
permanent building facilities to ultimately replace our
present ones, but even while planning for these facilities
so many other possibilities present themselves.”
On August 9,1963, the Center purchased land in an
undeveloped part of town called Mandarin. Through a
combination of insight and luck, the forward thinking
leadership of our congregation created the plan for the
future. The land use committee considered several
pieces of property before selecting our current location
on Crown Point Road for which we now celebrate our
40th anniversary.
The initial focus, was to find a permanent location for
the day camp program, which had been renting camp
ground space and even scheduling their swim program
Robin Morris’s first year of teaching, 1978 second grade class
29th annual choir and glee club concert directed by Cantor Marton, 1977
USYers hanging out in the youth lounge with Gene Komblum in 1978
1
6
