-Pi3'
aa
mfm.
and to refurbish our beautiful facility in time for the
Center’s Centennial Celebration event, which took place
on December 9,2001.
2001 also marked the retirement of Rabbi David
Gaffney after 29 years of service to our congregation.
He began at 3rd and Silver and not only helped with the
transition to Mandarin, but created the warm environment
that is at the heart of what we all feel the Jacksonville
Jewish Center to be.
In 2004, the Center hired Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner to
serve as Head Rabbi. Rabbi Lubliner has been a wonderful
leader of our congregation and has also played an
important role within the entire Conservative Movement.
We look forward to sharing many special moments with
Rabbi Lubliner, and his family, for years to come.
On January 30,2005, the Center received an endowment
from the Gottlieb family, the cornerstone of the Above
& Beyond Endowment Campaign, and held a ceremony
to officially rename the Solomon Schechter Day School
as the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School providing the next
generation of students with the support to continue a
tradition of educational excellence. A year later, in 2006
the religious school was renamed the Alice & Bernard
Selevan Religious School in memory of a couple who had
been part of the Center leadership for many years.
The officers and board of Directors officially
sanctioned the move to egalitarian practice in January
2007. On Shabbat morning, February 17th, Tanya
Yegelwel led Shacharit and Lois Tompkins davened
Musaf, serving as the first two women to lead services
for our congregation.
In the summer of 2008 Hazzan Jesse Holzer began his
tenure at the Center and with him came a return of music
to our congregation - in the sanctuary, the classrooms and
through his formation of Kol Train and musical programs
for the entire community.
In 2011, Beth Shalom Congregation and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center completed a successful membership
integration, which included the installation of their
important plaques on our promenade walls. Additionally,
in 2012, the recreational area of our campus, the first
section of our property to be developed, was named Beth
Shalom Park in the congregation’s honor.
On the first weekend in May, 2012, the Center marked
the 50th Anniversary of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
and commemorated this milestone with a weekend of
festivities to celebrate our school’s history and secure
its future. Formally known as the “Foundation School”
and the “Solomon Schechter Day School,” the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School has been a vital center for Jewish day
school education in Jacksonville for fifty years. During
the culminating event, it was shared that the Jacksonville
Jewish Center schools would be coming together under
Kadima members enjoy sub regional convention in the social hall in 2007
m
- 11 ii¡ *
Members help beautify the entrance during Mitzvah Day 2011.
Daily Minyan participants 2011
10
