Gayle Bailys helps to insert the new plaques in the memorial wall in 1999
The congregation paid tribute to Rabbi Gaffney on June 10,2001
for 29 years of service to Jacksonville Jewish Center.
m
In 1982 the sanctuary was refurbished, including
the installation of the Jacob’s Ladder Ark, designed
by artist Ami Shamir. At the time, it was described by
Rabbi Gaffney as “the Ark, as Jacob’s Ladder, reminds
us of a vivid dream that Jacob had and his consecration
of the place in which he found himself as his house of
G-d - which is what a sanctuary is.” Also that year, the
Goldman Family Sukkah was built and dedicated.
1983-84 was known as the year of dedication. On
October 15,1983 the Setzer Social Hall was named after
Benjamin Setzer z’l, The Witten Chapel was dedicated
in memory of Ida and Max Witten z’l on December 2nd,
and the Sisterhood kitchen was opened for operations on
January 28,1984.
In the late 80’s the Center embarked on a $3.1 million
dollar building campaign fund to address the expansion of
lobby and living contributors’ wall, additional classrooms
and expansion of school administrative facilities,
development of a social activities center, creation of a
memorial plaque hall and additional improvements. On
December 20, 1987, the groundbreaking for expansion
took place.
The Men’s Club introduced the Yad Shel Chai award in
1998, which encourages and rewards post b’nai mitzvahs
who continue to read torah on Shabbat, holidays and
minyan. Hundreds of our Center youth have qualified for
this award and have greatly added to the services they
have participated in. This was also the year that Samuel
and Esther Galinsky z’l left the Center the most significant
gifts it has ever received, $3 million to ensure that Jewish
children would be able to have a Jewish education. This
bequest launched The Samuel and Esther Galinsky
Educational Programs, enabling our schools to grow.
In 2001, the congregation celebrated our 100th
anniversary. What was once five families had become
the Center of the Jewish community for our congregation
here in Jacksonville. And with that celebration came a
Centennial challenge for the retirement the mortgage
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner becomes the Rabbi of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center in 2004
