OF PROGRESSIVE LENSES AND BINARY BEING
Although it was a mathematician, Gottfried Liebniz, who created the modem binary number
system, its antecedents are ancient: from the idea of yin and yang in the I-Ching to the slit drums of
traditional African society which encoded messages in binary tones, the concept is an ancient one.
Binary code is simply a system of representing numbers, letters, commands, images and
sounds, using only “1” and “0” as the basis of all information. Through the creation of strings of 1 ’s
and 0’s, remarkable amounts of data may be generated. It is amazing to consider that the incredible
speed and complexity of computers can rely on something as simple as configurations of 1 ’s and 0’s.
We sometimes think of qualities such as yin and yang, male and female, or light and darkness
as opposites. But they are not opposites ... any more than 0 is the opposite of 1. To be sure they
are different, but their divergent identities are complementary: light cannot be understood without
darkness; yin would be incomprehensible without yang; and male would be meaningless without
female.
Judaism is all about binary being. The creation story in Genesis shapes our understanding
of the connection between chaos and order; Shabbat sculpts the character of the other days of the
week and vice versa; kashrut creates a sacred relationship to the act of eating by separating milk
(a substance that nourishes life) from meat (a substance from which life is absent). Even life and death are not opposites, but different
states of being intimately linked with one another.
Much of rabbinic wisdom is also framed in binary terms. A few of the most treasured nuggets found in Pirkei Avot, the Ethics of
the Sages, readily reveal this: Rabbi Tarfon taught, “You are not obliged to finish the task, but neither are you free to neglect it”; the sage
Hillel said, “If I am not for me, who will be? If I am for myself alone, what am I?” Shammai declared, “Say little, do much”; Hillel also
stated, “A shy person cannot learn [because he is too bashful to ask questions], an ill-tempered person cannot teach [because she is too
impatient to answer].
When I was much younger I had no need of glasses. By the time I reached college, however, I needed lenses to see at a distance.
Just a few years ago, it became necessary for me to have reading glasses. Rather than subject myself to the nuisance of carrying around
two pairs of glasses, I began to wear progressive lenses - with a slight move of my head up or down I can transition from crisp focus at
a distance to clear vision up close. What a mehayeh!
What’s true of eyesight should also be true of vision. We need not settle for an either/or approach to living; we can and should
embrace an attitude of both/and. One can be a deeply devoted supporter of Israel as a Jewish state and the ancestral homeland of our
people, and still be concerned about the plight of Palestinians who live under Israeli occupation; one can be strongly committed to the
primacy of Jewish law, yet believe that social and technological change have always influenced halakhah; and one certainly uphold the
Jewish value of in-marriage, while embracing outreach and preaching acceptance of intermarried families who are seeking to connect
with Jewish life.
There are those who are uncomfortable with bifocals, who insist that one must choose instead between being near-sighted and
far-sighted. They ask us to decide between flexibility and authenticity, rigidity and dilution, the past or the future, as if these attributes
were irreconcilable and mutually exclusive of one another. The partisans of this approach can be found on both the right and the left of
the political spectrum and its religious counterpart. I used to think such folks lived in a black-and-white world, but it would be more
accurate to say theirs is a black-or-white world.
Jewish tradition, however, has never been monochromatic. In our corpus of sacred literature we find calls for peace and war;
unflinching harshness and incredible leniency; unyielding justice and far-reaching compassion. As one of Judaism’s most classic
Sand binary - texts puts it: “A season is set for everything, a time for every experience under heaven. A time for being bom and a
time for dying; a time for planting and a time for uprooting; a time for slaying and a time for healing; a time for tearing down and a
time for building up; a time for wailing and a time for dancing; a time for silence and a time
for speaking; a time for loving and a time for hating; a time for war and a time for peace”
(Ecclesiastes 3:1-3, 7-8).”
This is what I believe as a Conservative Jew. And this is why I wouldn’t trade my
progressive lenses for any other pair of glasses in the world. After all, why see less when one
can see more?
Susan, Avichai, Elior, and Itamar join me in wishing you and your loved ones a year of
sweetness and health, growth and blessing. Shanah Tovah Tikatevu u Tehatemu - May we all
be inscribed and sealed for good in the New Year of 5776.
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
