SCOTT ZIMMERMAN
The years that Scott Zimmerman z’l spent at the Jacksonville Jewish Center as a teacher and Torah
reader, as well as our B ’nai Mitzvah Coordinator and Ritual Director, were the loom upon which he wove the
threads of his life into a single fabric, a fabric made of music, wood working, Torah, love of children, and the
satisfaction of doing God’s work.
There were many Scott Zimmermans: the Scott with the twinkle in his eye who was so much fun; the
Scott who played Mah-Jongg games with gusto; the Scott who loved children, especially babies and toddlers;
the Scott who lived to sing harmony and play guitar with different individuals and bands such as the Center’s
Koltrain. There was the Scott who performed incredible mitzvot in the community, serving on the hevra
kaddisha, helping to bury people, driving to the cemetery just to ensure that a minyan would be present for the
recitation of Kaddish, leading shiva services at countless homes, and helping to strengthen minyan morning
and evening at the Center — not simply because it was part of his job description, but because he understood
in his soul the role that minyan plays in creating a cohesive and caring community. There was the Scott who
lovingly created the furniture of our middle school chapel with the 8th grade students of the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School — ark, Torah reading table, stender for those leading the service, tallit rack, kippah box, and
menorah. There was also the Scott who possessed enormous reservoirs of patience when it came to working
with students, especially those struggling to prepare for bar/bat mitzvah. No matter how long it took, Scott
gave unstintingly of his time.
Scott departed this earth the day after Hanukkah 5775 ended. Yet even when a dreidl stops its spinning,
its letters continue to proclaim, “nes gadol hayah poh - A great miracle happened here”; A miracle of
goodness, of life, of kindness, of forgiveness, of friendship, of Torah, the miracle of Scott Zimmerman’s life
and the myriad gifts he gave each of us.
To Scott’s beloved wife Suzanne; to his children, Casie (Jared) Davidson and Aron Zimmerman; his
grandson Berk; his mother Mary (Walter) Beissinger; and his siblings, Mark (Ellen), Don (Betsy), and Robert
Zimmerman - we thank you for sharing this very special man with us.
Ye hi zikhro barukh, Shmuel ben Avram Leib u ’Masha, his memory shall always be for a blessing.
