wmmmmmm
Beth Shalom Park is dedicated in 2012
Synagogue members work with Lois Tompkins to
inspect Talliet during Mitzvah Day 2012
50th Anniversary of the Day School, chaired by Andrea Mail and
Jeanine Rogozinski, was held the weekend of May 4-6,2012
a new academy model named The Galinsky Academy,
honoring the Galinsky commitment to Jewish education.
The evening ended with the DuBow family announcing
the first gift to the Galinsky Academy Endowment,
enabling the preschool to be refurbished. Two months
later, the newly named DuBow Preschool opened its
beautiful space for the 2012-13 school year.
In 2013 the congregation recognized over one hundred
years of our daily minyan and paying tribute to the
countless individuals that attend, lead t’fliot and serve as
minyan captains. In 2014, the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s
many youth programs were brought into the fold of the
Galinsky Academy through the generosity of the Setzer
family. The Setzer Youth Education Program ensures
that the vibrancy of our youth programs, a cornerstone of
our synagogue, continues for years to come.
On March 14, 2015 we celebrated Minyannaires
Shabbat with all of our daily minyan participants and
instituted a Minyannaire of the Year award to recognize
an individual who frequently attends, shows initiative,
has ether developed new davening skills or shows an
affinity for leading services, and has experienced a
religious growth in their personal life. We were proud to
honor Marco Rand as our inaugural honoree.
Forty years in Mandarin. Much has occurred in
that time period. Excitement, expansion, challenges,
determination, dedication, celebration, sadness and
achievement. People coming together for services,
simchas, Shabbat dinners, consecration, confirmation,
graduation. Serving on committees, on the board, and
as ushers. Our forty years in Mandarin has been the
gathering and growth of our Jewish community and the
planning for its future.
Maze! Tov to all who have worked so hard and cared
so much to get us to all this wonderful milestone.
This article was gathered from research of past yearbooks and is a brief summary of
the past 40 years. We apologize for any inaccuracies. Thank you to Howard Wolpoff
for taking the time to research and write this article.
u
