After the tireless efforts that year of the Building
| Fund Committee the financial crisis was averted and,
I while challenges still existed, a plan was put in place to
I manage the budget and to fund the programs needed for
I the congregation to thrive in our new home. And thrive
\ we did. Cantor Marion’s annual concert was alive and
I well in the new location. The five school programs-
| the Solomon Schechter Day School, the Pre-School,
I Sunday School, Hebrew School and High School were
I vibrant and excelling in their new classrooms. Events
I like the Fabulous Follies, and the Minyanaires Sunday
I morning speaker series highlighted the congregational
| programming calendar.
| This period also marked the launch of the Super
| Sunday Funday program, which brought people from
\ the community together for cultural arts, community
I forum, social, athletic and club activities and began a
I long run of annual youth basketball leagues, and the
I Savion Israeli Dance Group, which was started by liana
I Manasse and Joan Levin, and performed throughout
I the community.
I In 1978, Rabbi Dov Kentof joined the Center
I as the Director of Education and Youth, sparking
| rejuvenation in our youth programming and beginning
I an almost 25 year period of innovative programs,
I inclusionary experiences and passionate teaching of
\ a love of Judaism to our congregation’s children and
I their parents.
f On December 24, 1978, the first annual torch run
| took place, with members of our various religious
I schools and youth groups serving as torch bearers. The
f light from the torch was used by Rabbi Kentof to light
j the menorah for Chanukah, while the brachot were
I chanted by Raymond Cohen z’l.
\ The decade of the 80’s brought additional
I expansion and improvements to the Center. On
I November 4th, 1980, the dedication of the Neal F.
| Portnoy Youth Lounge was held. The fall of 1981
| brought the addition of a new two year old program
j to the preschool and a seventh grade program to the
| Solomon Schecter Day School.
WHUUNUBKEAKING
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
December 20.1987 •, 29 Kislev .5748
Leonard Setzer thanks supporters at the groundbreaking
of the addition to the JJC building in 1987
Synagogue leaders are celebrating the groundbreaking
of the addition to the building in 1987
Sisterhood officers 1990
I
USY 1998
m
8
