WHAT’S NEXT?
Rabbi Howard Tilman
As many of you know by now, I am a big believer in the idea and practice of “camp.”
Camp is where I made many friends, learned many skills, and had many wonderful Jewish
experiences. It’s where I discovered parts of myself, honed my softball homerun swing,
and where I first considered becoming a rabbi. It’s also the place I learned a very powerful
professional lesson, one that has guided me in the work I have done over the last ten years.
Cheryl Magen, former director of Camp Ramah in the Poconos, would frequently
teach new staff this lesson. “Every job in camp is at least a two-year job.” To a young
18-year-old looking for a few weeks of fun over the summer, this is certainly intimidating
to hear. But in looking back on this, I now see the tremendous wisdom in her lesson. What
she teaches is that the first year of any job is purely a learning experience. Yes, you do a
great deal of work, accomplish many things, and make significant contributions. But, over
that first year, your number one priority is learning what the job is all about. It is then, in
year two, that you begin to actually know what you’re doing and can finally start doing your real job.
As I enter into my second year in this wonderful community, I find myself frequently reflecting on this lesson. I have
spent my first year doing a great many things, but above them all, I have spent this first year learning. I have been learning
about this community, learning about its history, learning about how it works, learning the flow of the year, learning to
juggle multiple priorities, learning what it is to be a rabbi, learning as many names as I can remember, learning who is
related to whom, and learning about each of you. It has been a wonderful year of both personal and professional learning
and I come to the close of it asking myself, “what’s next?”
Having learned these lessons over the course of my first year, I am reminded of two great teachings of Rabbi Tarfon.
He taught in Pirkei Avot, our great collection of rabbinic wisdom, “The day is short, and the task is great.” (2:19) There is
so much we want to accomplish, and so much we want to learn as a Synagogue community. But there is also only so much
time. Even still, our shortness of time is not an excuse to stop from trying. Rabbi Tarfon went on to teach, “It is not for you
to complete the task, but neither are you free to stand aside from it.” (2:20) (Yes, that is “lo aleicha hamlachah ligmor... ”
if you’re singing at home.) We certainly have so much that we want to do, and there is no better time to start doing it than
the year 5776.
This can be the year to volunteer for a synagogue committee or to plan an event. This can be the year to learn
something new about Judaism. This can be the year to attend services a little more. This can be the year to invite friends for
Shabbat dinner. This can be the year to learn to read Hebrew and to read Torah. This can be the year to create something
wholly new in our Jewish experiences and our synagogue community. It is my hope that having learned all I did in my first
year, I will now be able to help more of us achieve these goals, and make these thoughts turn into realities. Together I know
we can make 5776 be this year.
This year I am of course also tremendously excited to have Naomi by
my side and cannot wait to stand with her under the chuppah in December.
I know that you will welcome her to Jacksonville and to this community as
warmly as you welcomed me.
Naomi joins me in wishing you a Shanah Tovah u ’Metukah. May we
all have a happy, healthy, and sweet new year filled with many new lessons,
new experiences, and new challenges.
Rabbi Howard Tilman
17
