I
ISYNAGOGUE VISION, MISSION, AND VALUES
Another High Holy Day Yearbook. ..Ido love reading through the editions
and kvelling over the many accomplishments of our Congregation! We have
some very exciting projects that we are working on... perhaps none more
important than the development of a new vision statement for the synagogue,
supported by a restatement of our mission and our values. We are clarifying
how we do our programing and how the program fits within the stated goals of
the Congregation; as we get closer to a final draft we look forward to sharing
our findings with the congregation for input, adjustments and final acceptance.
I hope by now you have had an opportunity to use our new Synagogue
Website. It is robust, up-to-date and full of information that will assist you at
all times. A highlight, if you have not used it, is the ability to update your
own member files with new phone numbers, email addresses, etc., by logging
in securely. You will also be able to search member’s addresses and phone
numbers just as you do in our hard copy editions of the Yearbook. Take a look; you will be impressed!
Did you recognize in your first dues statement that you received in July that there were no dues
increases for the coming year? Thanks to the diligence in the management of Congregational finances and
the commitment of our many members and your willingness to support the Synagogue we were able to
maintain at the same level of financial commitment... Yasher Koach to us all!
I am filled with hope for our continued growth into the future. Synagogue development is not a single
action with a static beginning and ending point. Rather, it is a process that shapes the life of the synagogue
over the long term. My optimism is overwhelming for the coming year! I hope that you feel as inspired
as I do about the future of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I look forward to continuing to serve this
K congregation as we move from strength to strength.
Janet and I wish you all... a happy and healthy New Year!
21
■BBPI
