pl§¡
Mm
fj
ixminaai
■MI
—ftKi
WE REMEMBER...
“Big Man, thank you for your kindness, your strength, your dedication, your
work, your story. Thanks for the miracle... and for letting a little white boy slip
through the side door of the Temple of Soul.”
Bruce Springstein, in his eulogy to late E Street saxophonist
Clarence Clemons, 2011
While attending the conclusion of Shiva, the week-long period of mourning
immediately following the burial of a loved one, I sometimes quote Psalm 126,
known as the opening paragraph of Birkat Hamazon (grace after meals) on
Shabbat and other festive occasions. Hazorim B ’dima, B ’rina Yiktzoru - those
who sow in tears shall reap in joyous song. At first glance, the psalmist appears
to focus on the concept of a God that takes is also a God that gives; that although
we go through rough times, happy times are right around the comer. Life is
never that simple. Given the context of the loss of a loved one, it takes on new
meaning. To sow in tears is a guide to how we mourn. We remember. We deeply remember. We recount sweet
memories of our loved ones and share in the values they imbued within us. Tears are shed: tears of sadness,
tears of laughter. The gift of memory can help us live out our time in this world strengthened by our past,
emboldened to share that past and those values with all whom we will come to know in the future. The gift of
memory enables us to see all that we had before a loss. Then, our tears may fuel both the songs of a beloved
yesterday and the songs of an unknown tomorrow.
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
I say this as a means of context for a rocky year defined by the loss of numerous melodies that filled our
musical souls. Last summer, we mourned the passing of Raymond Cohen, z 7, long time leader and soloist of
our High Holiday choir. The sweetness of his lyrical tenor voice was surpassed by his warmth and ultimate
dedication to creating a moving experience for our entire congregation. A few months later, we mourned as
Scott Zimmerman, z 7, our longtime Ritual Director, passed away. Beyond his work responsibilities, Scott
was a kind soul energized by the music of the synagogue, playing bass in our synagogue band and always
adding sweet harmonies to each service he attended. As cantor, colleague and friend, losing these two men
was like losing two parts of a triad chord. Scott was the bass, a.k.a. the tonic. Without him, we've lost that
sense of tonality; Raymond the tenor, without whom we no longer have the sweet upper harmonies. These
were two men involved in different musical pathways, but they were both veins leading to the same musical
heart of our congregation.
Hazorim b’dima. We sow in tears. Rather than
taking this as “The Day the Music Died,” a day when
we close up shop, it’s incumbent upon us to continue
their song; to stop the radio silence and forge on in
creating joyous songs for our community. We will
continue to show our tribute by appreciating the music
they loved and introducing the new music they loved
to learn. May the years to come be filled with sweet
memories and sweet melodies. May we all together
reap in songs of joy and show our appreciation for the
legacy these two men have given us. Shanah Tovah, a
happy and healthy new year!
Hazzan Jesse, Leora and Rena Holzer
19
