su
COMMUNITIES
RGANIZATION
Hi
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
2014-2015 Committee Members
CHAIR: Andy Raitt
STAFF LIAISON: Lois Tompkins
Eve Aptheker
Joe Honigman z’l
Sandi Driben
Barbara Hunter
Ava Fixel
Leonard Lipkin
Michael Fixel
Beth Oberlander
Elaine Furman
Larry Rosenblum
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Sharon Rosenblum
Wendy Honigman
Helen Shacter
The Adult Education Committee continues to
be committed to offering a myriad of educational
opportunities for our synagogue and community.
The dedication and commitment of our committee
along with the support of Lois Tompkins, Staff
Liaison, Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Tilman, and Hazzan
Holzer, helped our ideas become reality and ensured
the success of our programs.
Our programming this year featured the
Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton with Scholar-in
Residence Judy Klitsner, Biblical scholar from the
Pardes Institute. Judy facilitated interesting and though-provoking discussion of several biblical texts. Through
underwriting from the Weiss-Leibo families, Lee Weaver performed his one-man show, The Secret, the story of
the Spanish Inquisition and Jewish experience in St. Augustine. We co-sponsored with Hadassah a luncheon and
evening event featuring the author of Rashi’s Daughters, Maggie Anton, who spoke about her newest series of
books. We also helped sponsor the Table of Abraham program, Mercy and Compassion in the Abrahamic Traditions,
with the Atlantic Institute and Hendricks Avenue Baptist Church. The mission of this event was to bring the believers
of the Abrahamic traditions, Judaism, Christianity and Islam, together to strengthen the dialogue and friendship and
to celebrate their shared history, values and traditions. Our community also had the opportunity to learn from Rabbi
Matt Berkowitz and Professor Stephen Cantor.
Our regular ongoing classes will continue next year: Talmud class, Adult B’nai Mitzvah, Foundations of
Judaism, and many new multi-level Hebrew classes. Times and dates vary for the classes, with some online Hebrew
classes available. Todah Rabah to our teachers: Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Tilman, Hazzan Holzer, Scott Zimmerman z 7,
Rabbi Mark Wieder, Rabbi Merrill Shapiro, Etta Fialkow, and Lois Tompkins. The Adult Library, thanks to Elaine
Furman and Wendy Honigman, houses a large collection of Jewish texts and books that are available for checkout.
Information will be coming soon about a great monthly motivating program for adults, which encourages Jewish
living, as well as learning. Visiting lecturers, Shabbatot, weekly Torah study and much more will be available to
all adult learners of every age and level of comfort. Let this be the year that you take a class and attend an Adult
Education event. Please stay updated by visiting us at www.JJCAdultEducation.wordpress.com.
Shanah Tovah!
Andy Raitt, Adult Education Committee Chair
33
