During the year 5775, the Religious Life Community (RLC), under the leadership of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Vice-President Steven Mizrahi, worked to shape and guide the religious direction of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. The past year was particularly difficult with the loss of our beloved ritual director, Scott Zimmerman - may
his name be for a blessing. Clergy, staff, and members of the RLC have worked diligently to maintain the decor of
the ritual aspects of the synagogue to maintain the standards we are all accustomed to.
The RLC introduced the inaugural (to be annual) Minyannaire Shabbat. The event will have an awardee, every
year, for the Scott P. Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year. A plaque is being constructed, and we hope to have it
complete and ready to unveil at the next Minyannaire Shabbat. In addition, the RLC had the Sifrei Torah reviewed
and repaired by a sofer to make sure they remain kosher into the future.
In the year ahead we will continue to explore new ways to bring innovation to our worship as we reach out
beyond the current circle of regulars, while maintaining the vital traditions of the Center’s religious heritage.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily morning and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a strong
part of our synagogue’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect with God and
other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved ones. With the
efforts put forth by the RLC, attendance at our daily minyanim continues to increase, year over year.
Many thanks to Rabbi Lubliner, Hazzan Holzer, and Rabbi Tilman for their hours of devotion and service to our
congregation. We are also grateful for the efforts of the devoted members of the RLC for their hard work in helping
to shape the future of our congregation. A special thank you to those RLC members who have devoted their time
and effort to making the committee’s work a success and are stepping down to allow new faces with new ideas join
the committee.
Community Members 2014-2015
CHAIR - Steven Mizrahi STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Joette Anderson
Etta Fialkow
Alyse Nathans
Beth Shorstein
Greg Arnold
Lynda Gridley
Joey Plotkin
Daniel Shorstein
Shirley Bielski
Faye Hedrick
Marco Rand
Robin Shorstein
Philip Bloom
Len Lipkin
Mark Shainbrown
Howard WolpofF
Moti Demri
Mauri Mizrahi
Harry Shmunes
HOUSE COMMITTEE
Our House Committee has been very busy! We worked hard to keep the Jacksonville Jewish Center building
in tip top shape and the beautiful Beth Shalom Park looking grand.
This year we concentrated on making sure that we set a schedule to adequately maintain our facility. We have
a very comprehensive list of items that are short term, midterm and long term that we are continually monitoring
and working on.
This past year’s highlights have been the upgrading of the Yegelwel Pool House interior, new paint, new
flooring, wall and shower repairs. We have replaced two 10 ton air handlers that have served for many years.
Perhaps the highlight of the year was the conversion of our lighting in approximately 85 percent of our building
to energy efficient LED lighting. We look forward to realizing the energy savings for years to come.
As we move into the New Year there are several projects that we are moving forward on. We will be carpeting
all of the surrounding hallways around the Sanctuary. We have finalized plans to add into to the existing ADA
restrooms in the lobby area with new sinks and hand rails in the handicapped stalls. On the table and of high
priority for the off camping season is the re-decking of the Yegelwel Pool surfaces, a new roof for the pool house,
new fencing around the pool and a new kiddy water feature.
CHAIR - Ben Setzer
Committee Members 2014-2015
STAFF LIAISONS - Don Kriss, Lori Schoettler, Brent Ganey
Allan Andrew
Erica Jolles
Scotty Schwartz
Howard Wolpoff
Philip Bloom
Tyler Curl
Craig Sommers
Dana Zaifert
Steven Gross
Ellen Rosner
Howard Teitelbaum
Andy Zunic
Kim Israel
David Schmerer
Paige Wajsman
35
