Committees & Organizations —«
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
The Membership Committee at the Center
wishes all of our Center family, “L’Shanah
Tovah!” We on the committee serve as the hosts
and hostesses of the synagogue. Our goal is to
try to make all of our members, both new and old
alike, feel welcome in our combined spiritual
home. All Center members should feel like a
member of the Membership Committee, inviting
the unaffiliated to join our family and to reach
out to unfamiliar faces when in the building to
connect with those you do not know.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is one large
family. We come together as a community in the
celebration of life cycle events: Baby Naming’s
and Brises, Graduations from our Schools of
the Galinsky Academy, Bar and Bat Mitzvahs,
Weddings, and, sadly, our loved ones’ passing.
Many have chosen to celebrate the anniversaries
of these lifecycle events with their Center
family.
We continue to provide great greeter teams for all Shabbat Services, this dedicated group of men and
women provide a wonderful service for our guests and existing members. We look forward to the annual
new member Sukkot Welcome dinner where all of our newly joined families are guests of the congregation
for a festive holiday meal and special activities. And of course we all enjoyed the new member open house
and pool party in conjunction with the Galinsky Academy welcome back to school event! If you are
interested in joining a Havurah please feel free to contact the Synagogue office and they will put you in
touch with a member of the committee. There are many more exciting activities being formulated. I look
forward to sharing them with you after the High Holy Days.
I would like to thank all the current Membership Committee Members this year who have supported
our programs. We look forward to continued participation in the support and growth of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Sheree Spriggs
VP of Membership
2014-2015
Committee Members
CHAIR - Sheree Spriggs
STAFF LIAISON - Don Kriss
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Joette Anderson
Carol Matoren
Shirley Bielski
Harvey Matoren
Moti Demri
Aliza Morris
Etta Fialkow
Robin Morris
Marilyn Garber
Kathy Osterer
Paula Garfinkel
Penny Powell
Vicki Gatewood
Marjie Rogozinski
Elaine Hodz
Robin Shorstein
Carolyn Krestul
Tom Spriggs
Amy Levinson
