Organization
HESED COMMUNITY
The Hesed Committee seeks to offer comfort and connection to our Center members and families
during times of illness, loss or other life challenges. Hesed Committee members help Center members who
are recovering from surgery or homebound, or who have lost a loved one, by sending get-well cards and
condolence cards, making phone calls, making visits or sending home-cooked meals. Transportation is
provided on occasion, as well.
We continue to offer Care and Comfort Bags, packages of assorted items that are delivered in person to
a newly bereaved congregant, within the first month or two of his or her loss. Meals are also offered to new
parents who do not yet have a child in the preschool. The Hesed Committee could not function without the
hard work and commitment of its many members, co-chairs and supportive staff and clergy.
CHAIR -
Committee Members 2014-2015
Beth Shorstein STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner
Bob Bossen
Peter Hammer
Marcia Howard
Penny Powell
Naomie Bossen
Laurie Hecht
Marcelle Karstaedt
Andy Raitt
Debbie Charpiat
Faye Hedrick
Sylvia Lubliner
Robin Rand
Sandi Driben
Andrea Hernandez
Larry Mendlow
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Helen Hill
Jack Mizrahi
Heather Sherman
Rhoda Goldstein
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Rachel Morgenthal
Sheree Spriggs
Laura Goldstein
Edith Horovitz
Robin Morris
SOSHUL NETWORK
“The SoShul Network” was established in early 2013 as a group for 20 and 30-somethings of the Jacksonville
I Jewish Center to network and enjoy the company of new and old friends. The committee plans Jewish-themed
1 social events to engage its members as well as promotes activities and programs. Whether a recent college
I graduate, young professional, married couple, new parent, or single, there is something for everyone!
The SoShul Network was successful in attracting over 30 people to each event, including many young
I* Jewish members who have recently moved to Jacksonville. As the committee begins planning events for the
upcoming year, it hopes to reach out to additional 20 and 30-somethings in the community who have not yet
become involved. It also intends to maintain the interest and participation of those who are already active. The
SoShul Network committee has created a working list of group members and is continuously adding names
and contact information.
Committee Members 2014-2015
Donnie Daniels Peter Hammer Aliza Morris
Sarah Daniels Heather Horovitz Alicia Rauchwarger
Lauren Setzer
(■Bdl
37
