mmm
BSBBMmSSm
SIMHAT TORAH HONOREES-5775
¿ ^ Alyse Nathans
Eishet Hayil
Steeped in tradition, Alyse is a 3rd generation member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
She attended Alexander Muss High School in Israel and was on the Executive Board of D.
Phi E. and the Pan-Hellenic Council at the University of Florida. She earned a Master’s
in Human Resources from the University of South Carolina. Alyse worked as Staffing
and Human Resources Managers for BellSouth, where she earned several awards for
leadership and commitment to excellence. She currently serves on the Mandarin High
School Advisory Council, and she also works in the family business at Alan Nathans
Family Chiropractic and Restore Your Health. She has been active in the Galinsky Academy as a room parent and
PTA Executive board member. She has also served as a member of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Education
Committee. A volunteerism highlight has been her service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center as Vice President
of Education and Chairperson of the Galinsky Academy Education Cabinet from July 2012 to present. Alyse is
married to Alan and they have 3 wonderful daughters, Rebecca, Arin, and Morgan who presently attend schools
of the Galinsky Academy.
Steven Mizrahi
Hatan Torah
Steven’s family has a long legacy at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. He was not bom in
Jacksonville, but very few people would know that. His father was a Captain in the Air
Force, and he was bom in New Jersey at McGuire Air Force base. The family moved to
Jacksonville when he was six months old. Steven graduated from Bolles in 1981 and went
on to receive his B.A. in Finance from the University of North Florida. He worked in the
environmental and refining industries for almost thirty years and is currently President
and owner of Au Refining, Inc. Steven has a passion for Minyan. He is the Monday
evening Minyan Captain and currently serves on the JJC Board as a Vice President and Chair of the Religious Life
Community. He has held multiple committee roles at the Jacksonville Jewish Center including House Committee
and the Rabbinic Search Committee. Steven is also a member of the JJC Men’s Club Board and has worked
with the PTA and chaired the school magazine sale. He is an active member of the Hevra Kaddisha committee,
served on the Board of the JCA and Chair of the School Advisory Council at Mandarin High School. Steven has
been married to Faye for 21 wonderful years and has two great children, Hannah and Eh, who are 5th generation
residents of Jacksonville and 5th generation members of the JJC.
Robin Shorstein
Kallat Bereishit
Robin was bom in White Plains, New York and grew up in Sarasota, Florida. She
graduated from Boston University with a degree in Special Education and a degree in
Physical Education. Robin served as a PTA Vice President and Treasurer. She also taught
in the Preschool for six years. Robin has been an active member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Board of Directors, serving on numerous committees including Education, Youth
and Membership. She chaired the B’nai Mitzvah Committee and was a Chalutzim Advisor
for four years. One of the recent highlights in her tenure as volunteer extraordinaire was
co-chairing the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School 50th Anniversary Tribute Journal. Robin attends three weekly
Minyans and is the Tuesday evening Minyan Captain. She has served Sisterhood as Membership and Torah
Fund Vice President. Volunteering in the Sisterhood Judaica Shop for has been a passion for the last eight years.
Robin is also active in the community as a member of Hevra Kaddisha and is a life member of Hadassah. Robin
is married to Michael Shorstein. She has two wonderful kids, Mathew and Benay.
