éttk
k,: *'1
"""i
MINYANNAIRES SHABBAT
Marco Rand
Minyannaire of the Year
Minyannaires Shabbat, celebrated on March
14th recognized our minyan participants. It
was an opportunity for the congregation to
learn about why people attend and what they
have experienced as a “regular”. It allowed our
members to see who attends on a specific day. It
was also a day to show pride for the 115 years of
our minyan, and our members that have made it
such a special experience.
As part of Minyannaires Shabbat it was decided
that we would create an annual award for the
Minyannaire of the Year, and select someone
Who served as an example to all those that
attend minyan. Criteria was set that the honoree
would show leadership, participate in services
and assist others in being able to lead and
follow along, and show a true commitment to
our congregations minyan. For the inaugural
honoree, the committee was proud to select
Marco Rand.
Marco grew up in New York. He received his BA from Queens (¡Ulege and his dental
degree from the University of Pennsylvania. AHif serving in the Air Force, Marco moved to
Jacksonville to start what became his life’s work at the Veterans Administration Outpatient
minie,eventually serving as the clinic’s Dental Unit Chief; He has also served as an assistant
professor at the University of Florida College of Dentistry. Marco grew in his religious life
after his move to Jacksonville. He is a long time member of our board and has served on
the education and religious committees. He served as chair of the religious committee from
2003-2(S}5 and stil-Lsits on the committee. He developed the skills necessary to lead services,
chant the haftorah and read the Torah, something he does each year on Rosh Hashanah. He
made the decision to attend minyan soon after his children graduated from school. He adjusted
his schedule at work so he could attend the Friday morning service. He evolved from a new
attendee, to a “regular” and eventually assumed the role as the minyan captain. Marco is very
proud that over the fifteen years he has been a minyan participant, he shares tbÉ experience
with good reliable people that will (almost) always be there for Friday morning minyan.
w-vr*.
71
