Shalom!
&
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Debby Kaye
The Galinsky Academy provides Jewish children
of all ages, from infancy to high school graduation,
the highest quality education. Comprised of DuBow
Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, and Setzer
Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy embodies
the commitment that all of our children I regardless of
the path their parents choose - benefit from the finest
teachers, an engaged clergy, the most cutting-edge curriculum and technology.
Our schools teach respect for the diversity of Jewish practice. The Galinsky
Academy is a place for Jews, regardless of background, to come together around a
shared heritage. The Galinsky Academy not only provides innovative educational
programs; it engages a diverse student and parent community. We are truly a family
of families, a community of learners, representing a wide range of Jewish practices, commitments, and beliefs.
In a way, we are a laboratory of Klal Yisrael, the broader, complete Jewish community of Jacksonville.
One of my goals this past year was to integrate our marketing, development, and recruitment functions in
order to create an educational institution that would have an even larger “presence” outside of the building. I
wanted us to attract families, as well as donors, thought partners, and “investors.” I wanted our schools to be seen
by as many people as possible as making a contribution to the larger community, improving the world through
our graduates. Well, we did it! Our enrollments are up, our fundraising is up, and there is plenty of buzz around
the community. This is the place to be!
In the coming year we will work to further align all schools, programs, and goals under one common vision,
creating synergies that strengthen the impact on all of our children, preschool through high school. Not many
congregations have the level of staffing, programs, and resources necessary to accomplish this. We do! Staff,
parents, volunteers are all welcome to be a part of this important project. May we all grow m ’chayil 1 ’chayil, from
strength to strength in the coming year.
My wife Marci and I wish you all a Shanah Tovah U’metukah.
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Schools
95
