Shereen Canady
Director
LEARNING THAT IS MEANINGFUL
Raise up a child in the way he should go,
Even when he is old he will not depart from it.
Proverbs 22:6
■k
The DuBow Preschool is BUZZING With Activity!
A child’s early years are the most formative. What a child experiences
before age 5 becomes the foundation for thinking patterns, value
structures and ways of viewing the world into adulthood. The DuBow
Preschool partners with families to ensure each child’s earliest years are filled with
engaging play, exciting discoveries, loving teachers, laughter and friendship.
DuBOW
PRESCHOOL
The DuBow Preschool offers many opportunities for children and families to explore
Jewish traditions and customs and build a sense of Jewish identity in a fun way through
engaging family programs and an excellent preschool experience.
Chair - Natalie Dayan
The mission of our preschool for 74 years has been to offer a supportive, creative, safe,
enriching, and developmentally appropriate environment for the youngest members of
the community. Challenging our students to stretch their unique potential, we’ve created
a place to grow towards majority and independence. Our goal is to work with our families, to provide a first school
experience that instills a joyful, solid foundation and a love of being Jewish. Our families are invited to share in our
weekly Shabbat celebrations and in our many wonderful programs which include a Thanksgiving program, Hannukah
program, model seders, Mother’s Day Tea and more.
When choosing the DuBow Preschool, families are choosing not only a unique early childhood program, but also
a loving community. The children benefit from an exceptional program led by committed and experienced staff
including preschool professionals, clergy, and specially trained teachers. Our beautiful preschool, playgrounds,
gardens are just the beginning. We are blessed to be housed in the Jacksonville Jewish Center and to be part of the
Galinsky Academy, which provide us with an excellent facility rich in shared resources.
You are invited to take a peek at what we are doing by visiting our website at www.dubowpreschool.org, or scheduling
a personal tour.
On behalf of my faculty, and my daughters Cayla and Julia, I wish you a Shanah Tovah Umetuka, a good and sweet
new year.
Shereen Canady
Dina Kirshbaum
Administrative
Assistant
Robin Morris Michelle Margol Alyse Santana
Judaica Teacher Judaica Teacher PE Specialist
Zina Levitsky
Music
Teacher
Amanda Watsky
Exploration & Discovery
Program Coordinator
mmi
100
