1
AN EXCITING TIME FOR THE DAY SCHOOL
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Jennie DeBardeleben
What is the purpose of a Jewish Day School?
To educate “world-changers” for a changing world.
How do we do that? By instilling a set of qualities, tools, and
values - a mind-set; a skill set, and a set of commitments -
that will continue our mission of improving the world now,
as well as anticipating what will be needed in decades to
come.
Specifically, we want students today, tomorrow, in ten
and twenty years to...
• Engage the world • Surround themselves with people
• Think critically on the same journey
• Own their Jewish identity • Have hutzpah
• Know how to get things done • Be role models
• Know how to get beyond obstacles • Be mentsches
and failure • Seek justice^ and...
• Have a vision of what is good • Be eternally dissatisfied
• Be healthy, strong, and positive with the status quo.
#
*1*
Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
1
Last year we went a long way towards achieving our goals. Our middle school students continued their
| weekly Mitzvah Program trips, and all of our students were involved in a variety of Tzedakah programs. In
II terms of academics, our standardized test scores were in the high 90’s, and all of our graduating 8th graders
were admitted to the private, public, magnet, and academically elite programs to which they applied.
I Our Knesset (Student Government) showed great leadership in the events they planned. Many of them
j were also leaders in the synagogue’s youth programs.
In terms of meeting the needs of all of our students, we were blessed with the resources of Jewish Family &
i Community Services, who provided us with a special education teacher and a Guidance Counselor. We believe
that making each and every child successful academically and emotionally creates a positive and productive
l school community. We are also grateful to our community partners, Jewish Federation of Jacksonville and I
i Jewish Foundation of Northeast Honda, for their continued commitment to Jewish education in our community.
; Shanah tovah from our families to yours!
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Nancy Davis
Institutional
Advancement Coordinator
Sarah Zakikhani
Administrative
Assistant
Robyn
Sabatt-Waring
Executive
Assistant
107
