FAMILY PROGRAMMING
DuBow Preschool’s Family Programming offers families with little ones many opportunities throughout the year
to play, learn and build lasting friendships. There may be no more special time in the lives of young Jewish families
than time spent together - singing, playing, reading stories, celebrating Shabbat and holidays, making friends and
building community.
The Shalom Baby classroom is a busy, happy place where parents, grandparents, babies and toddlers meet to
socialize, discuss parenting topics and celebrate Shabbat. Each class offers songs, stories, circle time, crafts, special
visitors and hot topic discussions. Our program is free and open to the Jewish community. It is our hope to bring
together families during this precious time of life. Many friendships have begun in the last nine years of our program
and they continue to grow and deepen.
Family Music & Movement classes incorporate songs with movement and various hand held instruments.
Classes are mixed-age (birth-age 5) which is a wonderful way to learn for babies and children. This class meets
weekly in the DuBow Preschool and is led by Emily Carpenter. Ms. Emily is a mother of three, and has traveled the
world both as a singer and character clown on cruise ships and with Cirque du Soleil. She loves helping children
explore their world through music and movement, www.familymusicandmovement.com
www.facebook.com/familymusicandmovement
Color Splash is a parent and me sensory class designed for parents and children to have hands-on exposure
to varying textures, smells, and tastes in an environment that encourages learning through experience. The class is
designed to focus on one color each week, teaching and reinforcing vocabulary and overall language development.
This class is recommended for children aged 10 months to 3.5 years old. Children participate in a structured schedule
of a short circle time with songs, independent exploration of various materials to awaken the senses, snack, and story
time. Find information regarding the class on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/colorsplashclass or contact
colorsplashclass @ gmail .com.
Stroller Workout is a new class for the stroller crowd and it starts this Fall! Get fit, stay fit, while enjoying an
hour with other moms. Look for this new Parent & Me class offered by DuBow Preschool. Keep in the loop at www.
facebook.com/strollerworkout
Sundays at the Park, Holiday Programs & Gan Shabbat are wonderful places to meet new friends, learn
Jewish songs, stories and traditions and to experience Jewish life. Monthly happenings are shared in the Jacksonville
Jewish Center Mah Koreh and the DuBow Preschool website www.dubowpreschool.org
For more details on any of these wonderful programs for you and your little ones, contact Shereen Canady at
268-4200 ext. 143.
