A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Bernard & Alice
SELEVAN
RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
The Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
underwent a very successful transformation this year!
Our 2nd through 5th graders are now joyfully
learning holiday traditions, history, life cycles and Torah
through rotations that we call “Judaism through the Arts”.
Music, technology, literature, cooking and arts and crafts
projects have thoroughly engaged our students beyond
our expectations - indicated by great average daily
attendance rate, higher parent involvement in family
programming, and enthusiastic student endorsement!
Kindergarten and 1st graders enjoy their Sunday school classes, utilizing
many of these same resources in the security of their own self-contained, nurturing
classrooms. Teachers use a healthy mix of modem technology and traditional,
well-loved methods to foster a love of our Jewish culture and enthusiasm for
learning.
Our middle schoolers continue to use the Project Etgar program, which has
proven to be an invaluable curriculum that allows us to easily integrate students
from a wide variety of academic backgrounds. We guide them as they begin to
naturally incorporate their Jewish knowledge and values into their everyday life.
We introduced a new online, interactive Hebrew curriculum this year. We purchased a license for each
student to log in to an individualized site from home at any time; the kids love playing the games and practicing
their Hebrew in this program that accompanies the new “Hebrew Through Prayer” books that are now used
in the classrooms. Teachers have the capability to track each student’s progress directly from the website and
leave comments and personal instructions for each child.
We are proud that our school is innovative and constantly searching for ways to improve. We look
forward to sharing more great ideas and excitement in the coming year.
Wishing y’all a sweet and healthy new year: L’shana Tovah Umetukah,
Lois Tompkins
Director
Co-Chairs -
Faye Mizrahi &
Stacy Leach
Lois B. Tompkins
114
—Ü
