A MESSAGE FROM THE YOUTH DIRECTOR
Shanah Tovah! May the new year bring us all peace and happiness! As 5775
comes to an end, we are supposed to look back and examine all of the decisions
we made during the past year, while repenting for all of our mistakes or lapses in
judgement. I, for one, am looking forward to 5776 because I think it’s going to prove to
be a very important year for the future of Setzer Youth Education and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. As my first year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center came to a close at
the end of June, I started the aforementioned process, professionally, that we all begin
at High Holidays personally: I reviewed the year, including the things I could have
done better, and began putting plans for the future of Setzer Youth Education into
action. I met with Rabbi Tilman, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Rogozen, in addition to the
Supplemental Schools Committee, and revealed my plans, which were received with a
lot of excitement. If you haven’t heard about them yet, or you have, please allow me to
review a few of them with you now.
For the 2015-2016 youth group year, we will be infusing youth group programming
with Hebrew High lessons, to create an ALL NEW type of programming. Each and
every Kadima and USY program will now have more substance, instead of serving as
I more of a social hour. This will not only teach the Kadimaniks and USYers while they also have fun, but it will allow
the leadership boards (consisting of youth group participants) to develop their leadership skills in running substantial
programming for their peers. I am also looking forward to doing more Setzer Youth Education-wide programming,
I which will include members from all of our groups coming together under one roof, including Boy Scouts, Girl
Scouts, Chalutzim, Kadima and USY. This past summer, I had the amazing opportunity to work very closely with our
Lower Camp Director (and DuBow Preschool Director) Shereen Canady and our Upper Camp Director (and Martin
J. Gottlieb Day School Kindergarten Teacher) Pamela Lewis to implement some changes at Camp Ki Tov, which
(were clear when our first week enrollment was up more than 20% across the board, and I can’t wait to develop more
changes for next summer!
Í Overall, Setzer Youth Education and the Jacksonville Jewish Center are in a fantastic position to bring this
program to new heights and I can’t wait to lead us there. With the stupendous youth leadership that was put into place,
I in addition to the wonderful adult leaders we have, all of our programs are going to soar and I look forward to you all
§ experiencing this amazing ride with me! If you, at any time, have any input for our Youth Department, I urge you to
contact me.. .1 appreciate any suggestions you may have!
B’shalom v’ahava,
Steven Resnick
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
CHAIR - David Bielski STAFF LIAISON - Steven Resnick
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Hebrew High and the Scouts programs.
The committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of
our clubs and caring Center members who believe that the future
of Conservative Judaism can be secured through participation in
innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the
Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United
Synagogue summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on
- Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Pilgrimage. These
provide excellent opportunities for our children to share wholesome
fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over
the United States and Canada. The Youth Commission assists
applicants with a variety of scholarships.
2014 - 2015 COMMITTEE
David Bielski
Faye Mizrahi
Stacy Leach
Dina Fetner
Sheri Weiss
Maura Silverstein
Susan Levine
Lisa Wolfson
Samantha Levin
Sylvia Jaffa
Carrie Bielski
Marc Grosse
Dan Jaffa
Andrea Mail
Gayle Bailys
Jamiee Mitzmacher
Dennis Mizrahi
Christina Levine
