OUTH LDUCATIO
SETZER
YOUTH EDUCATION
#What an amazing year for Setzer Youth Education!! In our inaugural year,
Setzer Youth Education was able to find its footing and was off and running
p before we knew it. Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts,
/ Hebrew High, Siyyum, Shabbat programming and Camp Ki Tov all came
together under one umbrella, thanks to the generosity of the Setzer family.
This enhanced all of these groups by improving their ties to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community!
Our youth groups, especially, had an astounding year! Chalutzim had some
great programs, from playing mini-games at Minute to Win It to jumping the
afternoon away at Rebounderz. Kadima went ice skating at the Jacksonville
Ice & Sportsplex and swam like fishes at the End of the Year Pool Party &
Elections in Julington Creek. In March, every one of our paid and registered
8th graders attended the regional Gesher convention, which prepared them
for USY. Our USY chapter had a huge year, winning 7 awards for their awesome programming for events
like. Messy Day, which raised money for Tikkun Olam, to their opening program for the year, Finding USY.
In addition to being one of only four chapters in their Region to win the coveted Chapter of Excellence, award
(which recognizes outstanding programming), our USY chapter also increased their membership over 40%
from last year.
Setzer Youth Education is looking forward to a bright, bright future with BIG changes in line for 2015-
2016 and beyond. First, there are the administrative changes, like monthly Setzer Youth Education staff
meetings, which will keep all of our aforementioned groups on the same page, and expanding the roles
and responsibilities of all of our advisors. Secondly, we’re combining our Kadima/USY and Hebrew High
programming, which will redefine the very essence of our youth group programming. Each and every program
will now feature an educational and/or religious aspect, in addition to the social programming we’ve all come
to love.
Things are looking up, here at
Setzer Youth Education. With the
NEW changes being implemented,
we are ready for Chalutzim, Kadima,
USY, Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts,
Hebrew High, Siyyum, Shabbat
programming and Camp Ki Tov
to all reach new heights! We are
on our way, and we hope all of the
Kindergarten through 12th graders
of our congregation join us!
118
■■■■■■■■■■■I
