CAMP KI TOY
ir®fev
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Camp Ki Tov, Summer 2015, was full of fun!! We had a lot of new
counselors this Summer, who were eager to meet their campers. On the
first day of camp, the children arrived excited and ready for a memorable
summer. This summer, campers enjoyed some old favorites such as fishing,
archery, sport, and more. Some weeks we welcomed visitors like a petting
zoo, a magical pirate, and bounce houses. Other weeks we ventured out
to St. Augustine, the Beach, the Jacksonville Zoo and to MOSH. Our new L.I.T. program, headed by
Setzer Youth Education Director Steven Resnick, proved to be a huge success. Our Li.T.’s had a ton of
fun learning leadership skills and making friendships while working with campers and other counselors!
Each week, we had various themes, such as Winter in Summer, Crazy Animals, Music &
Movement, and so many more! Each cabin competed every week with spirit and pride to see who could
win the beloved “spirit stick” We were also very fortunate to have Rabbi Tilman, Hazzan Holzer, and
Morah Liat lead our Shabbat lunches on Fridays with lots of ruach (spirit) and passion! Our Jacksonville
Jewish Center clergy, as well as the Galinsky Academy Head of Schools Rabbi Rogozen, also joined
each cabin for Judaic-related activities. We also had the privilege of hosting counselors from Israel at
Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought to our camp! As usual, we had
a great time planning our annual Camp Ki Tov undemight/ovemight. In fact, we always have so much
fun, that we decided to have TWO undemights/ovemights during the summer of 2015! There was
special nighttime swimming, flashlight games and kosher s’mores!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and we
were more than successful! Thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy, and to the
loving parents. A big shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who dedicated their summer to making
memories for our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy and happy year. We look forward to creating more friendships with your children during
Summer 2016 at Camp Ki Tov!!!
Pam Lewis Shereen Canady
Upper Camp Director Preschool Camp Director
Shereen Canady
Preschool Camp Director
121
