===== PAGE 1 =====
¡mp
.1
W/MM
■ ÜMHi ■■H
===== PAGE 2 =====
It's better at Brumos.
rumos
AUTOMOTIVE
Serving the Jacksonville community for over 50 years, Brumos is a leader in the automotive industry
for highline luxury automobiles,from Mercedes-Benz to Porsche to Lexus, and now Sprinter.
Brumos 0
MOTOR CARS SESEES! Mercedes-Benz
©
Brumos
oí= jocKsonviLue
Brumos
Porsche
Mercedes-Benz
of Orange Park
P5
©
Brumos
OF ORñnGE PARK
Brumos
COLUSION CENTERS
Find out more about our
guaranteed repairs for life on...
Srumosxom
_l
f *
===== PAGE 3 =====
TRUSTED SOLUTIONS
Greene Hazel Insurance Group - Celebrating thirty years strongly rooted in the Jacksonville corftmunrtys
We offer a solid foundation for your insurance needs and give you peace of mind with trusted solutions.
: Our relationship-driven focus is at the forefront as we provide risk management consulting ,
; and handle insurance placements for virtually all properly, casualty, surety and employee benefit needs.
@ GREENE-HAZEL
INSURANCE GROUP
TRUSTED Guidance f; TRUSTED Protection | TRUSTED Partnership
;(904) 398-1234 WWW.GREENEHAZEL.COM
10739 DEERWOOD PARK BLVD,Sy,ITE 200**JACKSONV,ILIE. FLORIDA 32256
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
Yearbook Staff
Beth Wolpoff
Yearbook Editor
Falyn Shilts
Advertising Editor
PROFESSIONAL AND LAY LEADERSHIP
Center Personnel 23
Executive Director’s Message 21
Hazzan’s Message 19
Margo’s Catering 23
President’s Message 25
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 15
Rabbi Tilman’s Message 17
Synagogue Board & Past Presidents 26-29
Tribute to Ritual Director 13
JJC PHONE DIRECTORY 133
40th Anniversary 4-11
SYNAGOGUE ORGANIZATIONS & COMMITTEES
To Our Advertisers: We extend our
gratitude, not only for making this publication
possible, but also for the support you lend to
our many activities. We urge our members to
reciprocate with their patronage.
Claims of Kashrut made by advertisers
unassociated with the synagogue are neither
verified nor endorsed by the Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904-292-1000 • www.jjcjax.org
email: info@jaxjewishcenter.org
This yearbook is for informational purposes. It is not
intended to be a roster of The Center membership.
Adult Education 33
Center Cemeteries / Hevra Kaddisha 41
Hesed Community ..37:............ 37
House Committee 35
Men’s Club 45
Membership :... 31
Religious Community 35
Sisterhood 43
Social Action Community 39
SoShul Network 37
COMMUNITY / SYNAGOGUE PHONE DIRECTORY. 132
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 225
DIRECTORY OF MEMBERS 135-195
GALINSKY ACADEMY 95-99
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School 114-117
DuBow Preschool 100-105
Martin J Gottlieb Day School 107-113
Setzer Youth Education 118-133
GREETINGS 73-93
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 47-53
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 55-57
Dearly Departed . 65
Weddings 59-63
MEMORIALS 197-222
SYNAGOGUE SPECIAL EVENTS 67-71
3
===== PAGE 6 =====
JACKSONVILLE, MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 3976
it ir it
Jewish Center
Conseerated
At Rites Here
"When the Ark rested,
Moses said: Mayest Thou, 0
Lord, dwell among the fami¬
lies of Israel/'
Sunday afternoon, before a
crowd that spilled out of the
new, spacious sanctuary.
Rabbi David Gaffney asm
other leaders of the Jackson¬
ville Jewish Center conse¬
crated Jacksonville Jewry's
new Conservative synagogue
at KfcOl San Jose Bivd,
1st a ceremony that began
with Jacob, Biblical founder
of the 12 Tribes of Israel
and then traces its origins to
Moses and thence to King
David, the congregation fol¬
lowed its leaders as they
carried the scrolls under a
canopy of the Torah up the
boulevard to the new center.
Rabbi Gaffney explained
later the canopy symbolizes
the cloud that covered Mos¬
es and the Israelites as they
fled Egypt, signifying the
Lord's approval
Once tne procession, mov¬
ing to the joyous-mournful
wail that is traditional Jew¬
ish music, readied the new
center, building committee
chairman Nathan Cheswell
attached a Mezuzah near the
door.
The Mesuzah is a piece of
parchment, inscribed on one
side with the 22 texts of the
Book of Deuteronomy and
on the other with "Shaddai,"
an ancient Hebrew word for
God.
"Arise, 0 Lord, Into Thy
sanctuary, Thou and the Ark
of Thy strength.?
Much of the ceremony has
its roots with David, who
brought the Ark of the Cove¬
nant to Jerusalem.
The Sunday ceremonies
marked the official move
from the old center at Third
and Silver Streets to the
new home for the 750-family
center.
Rabbi Gaffney said it con¬
tains the sanctuary, a large
sky-lit room, and a Hebrew
day and Sunday school.
"It is a seqpe of dedication
and exaltation that we feel,*'
he told his congregation Sun¬
day afternoon.
"Let Thy people's leaders
be clothed with righteous¬
ness And Thy faithful ones
exult.
"Far the- sake of David,
Thy servant,
"Reject not Thine annotat¬
ed."
As Cantor Abraham Mar¬
tovs rich baritone overcame
a faltering public address
system to sing words 3,000
years old the congregation's
leadership carried the
scrolls of the Torah — the
body of Jewish religious lit¬
erature — and the Ark —*
the container of the lO Com¬
mandments — and placed
them in their new home ha
hind the pulpit.
"I have given you good
teaching:
Forsake not my Torah.
It is a tree of Life to them
that hold fast to it,
And everyone that ephdlds
it is happy.
Its ways are ways of
pleasantness,
And all of its paths ire
peace.
Turn us unto Thee, 0
Lord, and we shall return;
Renew our days as of
old."
'HERE WE SHALL SHARE JOY AND SORROW'
Cantor Abraham Marton (foreground), in Suit, Was in the Procession
'HERE WE COME, TO THIS OUR HOME ...
A Small Band Leads the Congregation to the New Center
-TiMIS-UMiON PHOTOS SY M!«t« ftOftCRTS
===== PAGE 7 =====
Mel Jawitz leading the procession
from 3rd and Silver to the new site
at Crown Point Road
Reprint from The Florida Times-Union, Jacksonville, Saturday, January 70, 1976
“It Will Be An Historic Weekend”
It is an event that seldom
occurs, with tradition
playing an essential part.
“We will recaptivate our
yesterdays and affirm our
tomorrows at this historic,
once-in-a-lifetime week¬
end,” said Rabbi David
Gaffney, spiritual leader of
the Jacksonville Jewish
Center.
“It will
be
an
historic
transition.
wee ke
nd
of
“There
are rare
an
unduplicated moments,
extraordinary occasions in
which all the tenses - past,
present and future - seem to
be compressed. We are at
such a moment.”
That moment is the
relocation of the Jewish
Center from Third and
Silver streets to its new
synagogue at 10101 San
Jose Blvd.
“Our weekend of transi¬
tion will give us the
opportunity to renew the old
and consecrate the new,”
Rabbi Gaffney said.
The old will be renewed in
a Shabbat service at 9 a.m.
today at the synagogue on
Third Street. A highlight of
the service * will be a
ceremony in which the
Torah Scrolls are removed
from the Ark in preparation
of their relocation to the new
synagogue.
“For almost 50 years the
Jewish Center at Third and
Silver has been an integral
part of our lives,” Rabbi
Gaffney said. “These
memories will forever be a
part of us.”
Traditionally, when a
synagogue moves to a new
location, the focal point of
everyone’s attention is the
transfer of the Holy Torah
Scrolls, the rabbi said.
At 1:30 p.m. Sunday, a
caravan of automobiles will
leave the center on Third
Street with the Torah
Scrolls, the Prophet Scrolls
and silver ornaments. The
procession will go to the
Beauclerc Shopping Center
on San Jose Boulevard in
Mandarin, where members
of the congregation will join
in a walking procession to
Crown Point Road.
An open flat-bed truck
will lead tne procession. On
the truck/, Rabbi Gaffney,
Cantor Abraham Marton
and Charles Mizrahi, Center
president, will each hold a
Torah Scroll, and members
of the congregation, also
carrying scrolls, will walk
behind the truck.
The procession will begin
at 2:30 p.m. and will reach
the new synagogue at
approximately 3:15 p.m.
When the congregation
has assembled at the
entrance of the new
synagogue, a ceremony will
be held for attaching a
mezuzah on the front door of
the synagogue. The
congregation will then enter
the synagogue and witness
the arrival of the scrolls and
their placement in the Ark.
The formal opening of the
new center will be heralded
by the sound of the Shofar.
Throughout the afternoon
there will be singing and
dancing, and at the
conclusion of the ceremony
a reception will be held for
the congregation.
Phillip Selber is honored by carrying a Torah
in the procession to our new home.
Charles Mizrahi, with Rabbi Gaffney, carrying the Mizrahi Torah from 3rd
and Silver to its’ new home on Crown Point Road.
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
The synagogue is the center of the community. For
the members of our congregation, we have always
known that community could be found at The Center -
no matter the location. What began in people’s houses
moved to the first synagogue building at Jefferson and
Duval Streets. As membership grew, and the idea of a
Jewish Center was approved by the Board of Directors,
the need for larger space to operate the social and
religious activities was needed and plans were made to
purchase land at 3rd and Silver for the new location of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
That was 1927. As time went on, our congregation
planned for the future while developing the warm, rich
traditions in the present where wonderful memories
were created. As the school grew and there was a
need for greater space, the activities building was
constructed. Eventually, the Jewish community began
to move south, away from downtown. There was a
need to plan for the next chapter in our congregation’s
history.
The 1963-64 Center yearbook states: “The Center
now stands with an eye towards the future. In 1962,
the Land Acquisition Committee was formed so that
the congregation’s growing need may best be served.”
President Philip Selber z’l reported: “with the purchase
of our new 36 acre tract on State Road 13, there opens
before us new vistas never before even dreamed of.
Not only can we plan for the utilization of this tract for
permanent building facilities to ultimately replace our
present ones, but even while planning for these facilities
so many other possibilities present themselves.”
On August 9,1963, the Center purchased land in an
undeveloped part of town called Mandarin. Through a
combination of insight and luck, the forward thinking
leadership of our congregation created the plan for the
future. The land use committee considered several
pieces of property before selecting our current location
on Crown Point Road for which we now celebrate our
40th anniversary.
The initial focus, was to find a permanent location for
the day camp program, which had been renting camp
ground space and even scheduling their swim program
Robin Morris’s first year of teaching, 1978 second grade class
29th annual choir and glee club concert directed by Cantor Marton, 1977
USYers hanging out in the youth lounge with Gene Komblum in 1978
1
6
===== PAGE 9 =====
Adult Bat Mitzvah Class studying with Rabbi Gaffney in the library, 1981
Consecration class 1982
The Ark in the Main Sanctuary was built in 1982
at a local motel. An added bonus at the newly purchased
property was a two story, 13 room house, known as The
White House, situated on the front of the property that
was to be used as the indoor and office space for the
camp. Over the course of that year, the Olympic sized
swimming pool and bath house, two handball courts,
basketball courts, volley ball court, two baseball fields
and an archery range were created.
On June 25,1973, the Board of Directors held a special
meeting to approve the hiring of a contractor to begin
work on the new home for the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
President Charles Mizrahi signed the formal contract on
July 18th for the construction of the synagogue and school
complex with a target completion of September 1975. On
Sunday, September 16, 1973, 800 people attended the
ceremonial ground breaking.
The day had finally come. On Sunday, January 11,1976,
the Torahs were removed from the Ark at 3rd and Silver
and marched out of the building and onto an open flat
bed truck led by Rabbi Gaffney and Cantor Marton z’l.
Charles Mizrahi leads the caravan of cars to Mandarin.
Upon reaching the new campus, a ceremony was held to
attach a mezuzah to the door and place the Torahs in the
new ark. The sounds of the Shofar heralded the event’s
closing.
However after the celebration, came the reality
of a congregation constructing a $2.5 million dollar
facility. New President Sheldon Gendzier requested in
his yearbook message the additional participation of
the membership in the building campaign. “There are
financial problems. We have failed to finance the debt of
this new building. Even as I write this, a last campaign is
underway to bring our debt into manageable proportions.”
Muaems learning Torah with Ted Gross in 1979
Members enjoying the grounds in 1981
7
===== PAGE 10 =====
After the tireless efforts that year of the Building
| Fund Committee the financial crisis was averted and,
I while challenges still existed, a plan was put in place to
I manage the budget and to fund the programs needed for
I the congregation to thrive in our new home. And thrive
\ we did. Cantor Marion’s annual concert was alive and
I well in the new location. The five school programs-
| the Solomon Schechter Day School, the Pre-School,
I Sunday School, Hebrew School and High School were
I vibrant and excelling in their new classrooms. Events
I like the Fabulous Follies, and the Minyanaires Sunday
I morning speaker series highlighted the congregational
| programming calendar.
| This period also marked the launch of the Super
| Sunday Funday program, which brought people from
\ the community together for cultural arts, community
I forum, social, athletic and club activities and began a
I long run of annual youth basketball leagues, and the
I Savion Israeli Dance Group, which was started by liana
I Manasse and Joan Levin, and performed throughout
I the community.
I In 1978, Rabbi Dov Kentof joined the Center
I as the Director of Education and Youth, sparking
| rejuvenation in our youth programming and beginning
I an almost 25 year period of innovative programs,
I inclusionary experiences and passionate teaching of
\ a love of Judaism to our congregation’s children and
I their parents.
f On December 24, 1978, the first annual torch run
| took place, with members of our various religious
I schools and youth groups serving as torch bearers. The
f light from the torch was used by Rabbi Kentof to light
j the menorah for Chanukah, while the brachot were
I chanted by Raymond Cohen z’l.
\ The decade of the 80’s brought additional
I expansion and improvements to the Center. On
I November 4th, 1980, the dedication of the Neal F.
| Portnoy Youth Lounge was held. The fall of 1981
| brought the addition of a new two year old program
j to the preschool and a seventh grade program to the
| Solomon Schecter Day School.
WHUUNUBKEAKING
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
December 20.1987 •, 29 Kislev .5748
Leonard Setzer thanks supporters at the groundbreaking
of the addition to the JJC building in 1987
Synagogue leaders are celebrating the groundbreaking
of the addition to the building in 1987
Sisterhood officers 1990
I
USY 1998
m
8
===== PAGE 11 =====
Gayle Bailys helps to insert the new plaques in the memorial wall in 1999
The congregation paid tribute to Rabbi Gaffney on June 10,2001
for 29 years of service to Jacksonville Jewish Center.
m
In 1982 the sanctuary was refurbished, including
the installation of the Jacob’s Ladder Ark, designed
by artist Ami Shamir. At the time, it was described by
Rabbi Gaffney as “the Ark, as Jacob’s Ladder, reminds
us of a vivid dream that Jacob had and his consecration
of the place in which he found himself as his house of
G-d - which is what a sanctuary is.” Also that year, the
Goldman Family Sukkah was built and dedicated.
1983-84 was known as the year of dedication. On
October 15,1983 the Setzer Social Hall was named after
Benjamin Setzer z’l, The Witten Chapel was dedicated
in memory of Ida and Max Witten z’l on December 2nd,
and the Sisterhood kitchen was opened for operations on
January 28,1984.
In the late 80’s the Center embarked on a $3.1 million
dollar building campaign fund to address the expansion of
lobby and living contributors’ wall, additional classrooms
and expansion of school administrative facilities,
development of a social activities center, creation of a
memorial plaque hall and additional improvements. On
December 20, 1987, the groundbreaking for expansion
took place.
The Men’s Club introduced the Yad Shel Chai award in
1998, which encourages and rewards post b’nai mitzvahs
who continue to read torah on Shabbat, holidays and
minyan. Hundreds of our Center youth have qualified for
this award and have greatly added to the services they
have participated in. This was also the year that Samuel
and Esther Galinsky z’l left the Center the most significant
gifts it has ever received, $3 million to ensure that Jewish
children would be able to have a Jewish education. This
bequest launched The Samuel and Esther Galinsky
Educational Programs, enabling our schools to grow.
In 2001, the congregation celebrated our 100th
anniversary. What was once five families had become
the Center of the Jewish community for our congregation
here in Jacksonville. And with that celebration came a
Centennial challenge for the retirement the mortgage
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner becomes the Rabbi of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center in 2004
===== PAGE 12 =====
-Pi3'
aa
mfm.
and to refurbish our beautiful facility in time for the
Center’s Centennial Celebration event, which took place
on December 9,2001.
2001 also marked the retirement of Rabbi David
Gaffney after 29 years of service to our congregation.
He began at 3rd and Silver and not only helped with the
transition to Mandarin, but created the warm environment
that is at the heart of what we all feel the Jacksonville
Jewish Center to be.
In 2004, the Center hired Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner to
serve as Head Rabbi. Rabbi Lubliner has been a wonderful
leader of our congregation and has also played an
important role within the entire Conservative Movement.
We look forward to sharing many special moments with
Rabbi Lubliner, and his family, for years to come.
On January 30,2005, the Center received an endowment
from the Gottlieb family, the cornerstone of the Above
& Beyond Endowment Campaign, and held a ceremony
to officially rename the Solomon Schechter Day School
as the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School providing the next
generation of students with the support to continue a
tradition of educational excellence. A year later, in 2006
the religious school was renamed the Alice & Bernard
Selevan Religious School in memory of a couple who had
been part of the Center leadership for many years.
The officers and board of Directors officially
sanctioned the move to egalitarian practice in January
2007. On Shabbat morning, February 17th, Tanya
Yegelwel led Shacharit and Lois Tompkins davened
Musaf, serving as the first two women to lead services
for our congregation.
In the summer of 2008 Hazzan Jesse Holzer began his
tenure at the Center and with him came a return of music
to our congregation - in the sanctuary, the classrooms and
through his formation of Kol Train and musical programs
for the entire community.
In 2011, Beth Shalom Congregation and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center completed a successful membership
integration, which included the installation of their
important plaques on our promenade walls. Additionally,
in 2012, the recreational area of our campus, the first
section of our property to be developed, was named Beth
Shalom Park in the congregation’s honor.
On the first weekend in May, 2012, the Center marked
the 50th Anniversary of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
and commemorated this milestone with a weekend of
festivities to celebrate our school’s history and secure
its future. Formally known as the “Foundation School”
and the “Solomon Schechter Day School,” the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School has been a vital center for Jewish day
school education in Jacksonville for fifty years. During
the culminating event, it was shared that the Jacksonville
Jewish Center schools would be coming together under
Kadima members enjoy sub regional convention in the social hall in 2007
m
- 11 ii¡ *
Members help beautify the entrance during Mitzvah Day 2011.
Daily Minyan participants 2011
10
===== PAGE 13 =====
wmmmmmm
Beth Shalom Park is dedicated in 2012
Synagogue members work with Lois Tompkins to
inspect Talliet during Mitzvah Day 2012
50th Anniversary of the Day School, chaired by Andrea Mail and
Jeanine Rogozinski, was held the weekend of May 4-6,2012
a new academy model named The Galinsky Academy,
honoring the Galinsky commitment to Jewish education.
The evening ended with the DuBow family announcing
the first gift to the Galinsky Academy Endowment,
enabling the preschool to be refurbished. Two months
later, the newly named DuBow Preschool opened its
beautiful space for the 2012-13 school year.
In 2013 the congregation recognized over one hundred
years of our daily minyan and paying tribute to the
countless individuals that attend, lead t’fliot and serve as
minyan captains. In 2014, the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s
many youth programs were brought into the fold of the
Galinsky Academy through the generosity of the Setzer
family. The Setzer Youth Education Program ensures
that the vibrancy of our youth programs, a cornerstone of
our synagogue, continues for years to come.
On March 14, 2015 we celebrated Minyannaires
Shabbat with all of our daily minyan participants and
instituted a Minyannaire of the Year award to recognize
an individual who frequently attends, shows initiative,
has ether developed new davening skills or shows an
affinity for leading services, and has experienced a
religious growth in their personal life. We were proud to
honor Marco Rand as our inaugural honoree.
Forty years in Mandarin. Much has occurred in
that time period. Excitement, expansion, challenges,
determination, dedication, celebration, sadness and
achievement. People coming together for services,
simchas, Shabbat dinners, consecration, confirmation,
graduation. Serving on committees, on the board, and
as ushers. Our forty years in Mandarin has been the
gathering and growth of our Jewish community and the
planning for its future.
Maze! Tov to all who have worked so hard and cared
so much to get us to all this wonderful milestone.
This article was gathered from research of past yearbooks and is a brief summary of
the past 40 years. We apologize for any inaccuracies. Thank you to Howard Wolpoff
for taking the time to research and write this article.
u
===== PAGE 14 =====
29 South Third Street
Femandina Beach, FL 32034
904-277-7919
www.29SouthRestaurant.com
12
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
SCOTT ZIMMERMAN
The years that Scott Zimmerman z’l spent at the Jacksonville Jewish Center as a teacher and Torah
reader, as well as our B ’nai Mitzvah Coordinator and Ritual Director, were the loom upon which he wove the
threads of his life into a single fabric, a fabric made of music, wood working, Torah, love of children, and the
satisfaction of doing God’s work.
There were many Scott Zimmermans: the Scott with the twinkle in his eye who was so much fun; the
Scott who played Mah-Jongg games with gusto; the Scott who loved children, especially babies and toddlers;
the Scott who lived to sing harmony and play guitar with different individuals and bands such as the Center’s
Koltrain. There was the Scott who performed incredible mitzvot in the community, serving on the hevra
kaddisha, helping to bury people, driving to the cemetery just to ensure that a minyan would be present for the
recitation of Kaddish, leading shiva services at countless homes, and helping to strengthen minyan morning
and evening at the Center — not simply because it was part of his job description, but because he understood
in his soul the role that minyan plays in creating a cohesive and caring community. There was the Scott who
lovingly created the furniture of our middle school chapel with the 8th grade students of the Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School — ark, Torah reading table, stender for those leading the service, tallit rack, kippah box, and
menorah. There was also the Scott who possessed enormous reservoirs of patience when it came to working
with students, especially those struggling to prepare for bar/bat mitzvah. No matter how long it took, Scott
gave unstintingly of his time.
Scott departed this earth the day after Hanukkah 5775 ended. Yet even when a dreidl stops its spinning,
its letters continue to proclaim, “nes gadol hayah poh - A great miracle happened here”; A miracle of
goodness, of life, of kindness, of forgiveness, of friendship, of Torah, the miracle of Scott Zimmerman’s life
and the myriad gifts he gave each of us.
To Scott’s beloved wife Suzanne; to his children, Casie (Jared) Davidson and Aron Zimmerman; his
grandson Berk; his mother Mary (Walter) Beissinger; and his siblings, Mark (Ellen), Don (Betsy), and Robert
Zimmerman - we thank you for sharing this very special man with us.
Ye hi zikhro barukh, Shmuel ben Avram Leib u ’Masha, his memory shall always be for a blessing.
===== PAGE 16 =====
Jacksonville
FARMERS
MARKET
LOCAL + ETHNIC + SPECIALTY
Why pay more?
Save up to 70%
Providing the Widest selection of produce in North Florida - arriving FRESH DAILY.
Featuring local, ethnic, specialty & unique agricultural products and plants.
Open from 7 AM- 6 PM every day of the year!
Enjoy convenient drive-up parking and covered walkways.
1810 W. Beaver Street, Jacksonville, FL 32209
(Restaurant on premises)
IpraHB
■ jIML-
SSI
904.354.2821
jaxfarmersmarket.com $0 3
14
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 17 =====
OF PROGRESSIVE LENSES AND BINARY BEING
Although it was a mathematician, Gottfried Liebniz, who created the modem binary number
system, its antecedents are ancient: from the idea of yin and yang in the I-Ching to the slit drums of
traditional African society which encoded messages in binary tones, the concept is an ancient one.
Binary code is simply a system of representing numbers, letters, commands, images and
sounds, using only “1” and “0” as the basis of all information. Through the creation of strings of 1 ’s
and 0’s, remarkable amounts of data may be generated. It is amazing to consider that the incredible
speed and complexity of computers can rely on something as simple as configurations of 1 ’s and 0’s.
We sometimes think of qualities such as yin and yang, male and female, or light and darkness
as opposites. But they are not opposites ... any more than 0 is the opposite of 1. To be sure they
are different, but their divergent identities are complementary: light cannot be understood without
darkness; yin would be incomprehensible without yang; and male would be meaningless without
female.
Judaism is all about binary being. The creation story in Genesis shapes our understanding
of the connection between chaos and order; Shabbat sculpts the character of the other days of the
week and vice versa; kashrut creates a sacred relationship to the act of eating by separating milk
(a substance that nourishes life) from meat (a substance from which life is absent). Even life and death are not opposites, but different
states of being intimately linked with one another.
Much of rabbinic wisdom is also framed in binary terms. A few of the most treasured nuggets found in Pirkei Avot, the Ethics of
the Sages, readily reveal this: Rabbi Tarfon taught, “You are not obliged to finish the task, but neither are you free to neglect it”; the sage
Hillel said, “If I am not for me, who will be? If I am for myself alone, what am I?” Shammai declared, “Say little, do much”; Hillel also
stated, “A shy person cannot learn [because he is too bashful to ask questions], an ill-tempered person cannot teach [because she is too
impatient to answer].
When I was much younger I had no need of glasses. By the time I reached college, however, I needed lenses to see at a distance.
Just a few years ago, it became necessary for me to have reading glasses. Rather than subject myself to the nuisance of carrying around
two pairs of glasses, I began to wear progressive lenses - with a slight move of my head up or down I can transition from crisp focus at
a distance to clear vision up close. What a mehayeh!
What’s true of eyesight should also be true of vision. We need not settle for an either/or approach to living; we can and should
embrace an attitude of both/and. One can be a deeply devoted supporter of Israel as a Jewish state and the ancestral homeland of our
people, and still be concerned about the plight of Palestinians who live under Israeli occupation; one can be strongly committed to the
primacy of Jewish law, yet believe that social and technological change have always influenced halakhah; and one certainly uphold the
Jewish value of in-marriage, while embracing outreach and preaching acceptance of intermarried families who are seeking to connect
with Jewish life.
There are those who are uncomfortable with bifocals, who insist that one must choose instead between being near-sighted and
far-sighted. They ask us to decide between flexibility and authenticity, rigidity and dilution, the past or the future, as if these attributes
were irreconcilable and mutually exclusive of one another. The partisans of this approach can be found on both the right and the left of
the political spectrum and its religious counterpart. I used to think such folks lived in a black-and-white world, but it would be more
accurate to say theirs is a black-or-white world.
Jewish tradition, however, has never been monochromatic. In our corpus of sacred literature we find calls for peace and war;
unflinching harshness and incredible leniency; unyielding justice and far-reaching compassion. As one of Judaism’s most classic
Sand binary - texts puts it: “A season is set for everything, a time for every experience under heaven. A time for being bom and a
time for dying; a time for planting and a time for uprooting; a time for slaying and a time for healing; a time for tearing down and a
time for building up; a time for wailing and a time for dancing; a time for silence and a time
for speaking; a time for loving and a time for hating; a time for war and a time for peace”
(Ecclesiastes 3:1-3, 7-8).”
This is what I believe as a Conservative Jew. And this is why I wouldn’t trade my
progressive lenses for any other pair of glasses in the world. After all, why see less when one
can see more?
Susan, Avichai, Elior, and Itamar join me in wishing you and your loved ones a year of
sweetness and health, growth and blessing. Shanah Tovah Tikatevu u Tehatemu - May we all
be inscribed and sealed for good in the New Year of 5776.
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
===== PAGE 18 =====
L' Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace
Health and Happiness be yours
throughout the Hew Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Sam Rogozinski, C.0.0.
(904)733-3529
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 19 =====
WHAT’S NEXT?
Rabbi Howard Tilman
As many of you know by now, I am a big believer in the idea and practice of “camp.”
Camp is where I made many friends, learned many skills, and had many wonderful Jewish
experiences. It’s where I discovered parts of myself, honed my softball homerun swing,
and where I first considered becoming a rabbi. It’s also the place I learned a very powerful
professional lesson, one that has guided me in the work I have done over the last ten years.
Cheryl Magen, former director of Camp Ramah in the Poconos, would frequently
teach new staff this lesson. “Every job in camp is at least a two-year job.” To a young
18-year-old looking for a few weeks of fun over the summer, this is certainly intimidating
to hear. But in looking back on this, I now see the tremendous wisdom in her lesson. What
she teaches is that the first year of any job is purely a learning experience. Yes, you do a
great deal of work, accomplish many things, and make significant contributions. But, over
that first year, your number one priority is learning what the job is all about. It is then, in
year two, that you begin to actually know what you’re doing and can finally start doing your real job.
As I enter into my second year in this wonderful community, I find myself frequently reflecting on this lesson. I have
spent my first year doing a great many things, but above them all, I have spent this first year learning. I have been learning
about this community, learning about its history, learning about how it works, learning the flow of the year, learning to
juggle multiple priorities, learning what it is to be a rabbi, learning as many names as I can remember, learning who is
related to whom, and learning about each of you. It has been a wonderful year of both personal and professional learning
and I come to the close of it asking myself, “what’s next?”
Having learned these lessons over the course of my first year, I am reminded of two great teachings of Rabbi Tarfon.
He taught in Pirkei Avot, our great collection of rabbinic wisdom, “The day is short, and the task is great.” (2:19) There is
so much we want to accomplish, and so much we want to learn as a Synagogue community. But there is also only so much
time. Even still, our shortness of time is not an excuse to stop from trying. Rabbi Tarfon went on to teach, “It is not for you
to complete the task, but neither are you free to stand aside from it.” (2:20) (Yes, that is “lo aleicha hamlachah ligmor... ”
if you’re singing at home.) We certainly have so much that we want to do, and there is no better time to start doing it than
the year 5776.
This can be the year to volunteer for a synagogue committee or to plan an event. This can be the year to learn
something new about Judaism. This can be the year to attend services a little more. This can be the year to invite friends for
Shabbat dinner. This can be the year to learn to read Hebrew and to read Torah. This can be the year to create something
wholly new in our Jewish experiences and our synagogue community. It is my hope that having learned all I did in my first
year, I will now be able to help more of us achieve these goals, and make these thoughts turn into realities. Together I know
we can make 5776 be this year.
This year I am of course also tremendously excited to have Naomi by
my side and cannot wait to stand with her under the chuppah in December.
I know that you will welcome her to Jacksonville and to this community as
warmly as you welcomed me.
Naomi joins me in wishing you a Shanah Tovah u ’Metukah. May we
all have a happy, healthy, and sweet new year filled with many new lessons,
new experiences, and new challenges.
Rabbi Howard Tilman
17
===== PAGE 20 =====
With over
1,000 kosher
everyday essentials,
Winn-Dixie brands
play the leading
role at every meal.
Winn/Dixie
winndixie.com/kosher
The Jacksonville locations below have
kosher meat and dairy available:
1520 W. University Blvd. 11701-10 San Jose Blvd.
_KAtbuh,
TO YOUR
FAMILY
RECIPE
18
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 21 =====
pl§¡
Mm
fj
ixminaai
■MI
—ftKi
WE REMEMBER...
“Big Man, thank you for your kindness, your strength, your dedication, your
work, your story. Thanks for the miracle... and for letting a little white boy slip
through the side door of the Temple of Soul.”
Bruce Springstein, in his eulogy to late E Street saxophonist
Clarence Clemons, 2011
While attending the conclusion of Shiva, the week-long period of mourning
immediately following the burial of a loved one, I sometimes quote Psalm 126,
known as the opening paragraph of Birkat Hamazon (grace after meals) on
Shabbat and other festive occasions. Hazorim B ’dima, B ’rina Yiktzoru - those
who sow in tears shall reap in joyous song. At first glance, the psalmist appears
to focus on the concept of a God that takes is also a God that gives; that although
we go through rough times, happy times are right around the comer. Life is
never that simple. Given the context of the loss of a loved one, it takes on new
meaning. To sow in tears is a guide to how we mourn. We remember. We deeply remember. We recount sweet
memories of our loved ones and share in the values they imbued within us. Tears are shed: tears of sadness,
tears of laughter. The gift of memory can help us live out our time in this world strengthened by our past,
emboldened to share that past and those values with all whom we will come to know in the future. The gift of
memory enables us to see all that we had before a loss. Then, our tears may fuel both the songs of a beloved
yesterday and the songs of an unknown tomorrow.
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
I say this as a means of context for a rocky year defined by the loss of numerous melodies that filled our
musical souls. Last summer, we mourned the passing of Raymond Cohen, z 7, long time leader and soloist of
our High Holiday choir. The sweetness of his lyrical tenor voice was surpassed by his warmth and ultimate
dedication to creating a moving experience for our entire congregation. A few months later, we mourned as
Scott Zimmerman, z 7, our longtime Ritual Director, passed away. Beyond his work responsibilities, Scott
was a kind soul energized by the music of the synagogue, playing bass in our synagogue band and always
adding sweet harmonies to each service he attended. As cantor, colleague and friend, losing these two men
was like losing two parts of a triad chord. Scott was the bass, a.k.a. the tonic. Without him, we've lost that
sense of tonality; Raymond the tenor, without whom we no longer have the sweet upper harmonies. These
were two men involved in different musical pathways, but they were both veins leading to the same musical
heart of our congregation.
Hazorim b’dima. We sow in tears. Rather than
taking this as “The Day the Music Died,” a day when
we close up shop, it’s incumbent upon us to continue
their song; to stop the radio silence and forge on in
creating joyous songs for our community. We will
continue to show our tribute by appreciating the music
they loved and introducing the new music they loved
to learn. May the years to come be filled with sweet
memories and sweet melodies. May we all together
reap in songs of joy and show our appreciation for the
legacy these two men have given us. Shanah Tovah, a
happy and healthy new year!
Hazzan Jesse, Leora and Rena Holzer
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
JULINGTON DENTAL
• Cosmetic dentistry
• Children's dentistry
• Advanced restorative
dentistry
• Emergency dentistry
• State of the art
technology
• Most major insurance
plans accepted
Karin Bodor, DMD
Jason Speigel, DMD
Call today and discover how
you can have that perfect smile
904-230-5537
106 Julington Plaza Drive, Suite #6 • Jacksonville, Florida 32259
W WW.JULINGTONDENTAL.COM
20
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 23 =====
I
ISYNAGOGUE VISION, MISSION, AND VALUES
Another High Holy Day Yearbook. ..Ido love reading through the editions
and kvelling over the many accomplishments of our Congregation! We have
some very exciting projects that we are working on... perhaps none more
important than the development of a new vision statement for the synagogue,
supported by a restatement of our mission and our values. We are clarifying
how we do our programing and how the program fits within the stated goals of
the Congregation; as we get closer to a final draft we look forward to sharing
our findings with the congregation for input, adjustments and final acceptance.
I hope by now you have had an opportunity to use our new Synagogue
Website. It is robust, up-to-date and full of information that will assist you at
all times. A highlight, if you have not used it, is the ability to update your
own member files with new phone numbers, email addresses, etc., by logging
in securely. You will also be able to search member’s addresses and phone
numbers just as you do in our hard copy editions of the Yearbook. Take a look; you will be impressed!
Did you recognize in your first dues statement that you received in July that there were no dues
increases for the coming year? Thanks to the diligence in the management of Congregational finances and
the commitment of our many members and your willingness to support the Synagogue we were able to
maintain at the same level of financial commitment... Yasher Koach to us all!
I am filled with hope for our continued growth into the future. Synagogue development is not a single
action with a static beginning and ending point. Rather, it is a process that shapes the life of the synagogue
over the long term. My optimism is overwhelming for the coming year! I hope that you feel as inspired
as I do about the future of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. I look forward to continuing to serve this
K congregation as we move from strength to strength.
Janet and I wish you all... a happy and healthy New Year!
21
■BBPI
===== PAGE 24 =====
22
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 25 =====
m
w
Wái
TR A TI VE oTAF
Lori Schoettler
Director of Finance & Operations
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Leslie Manucy
Accounts Receivable
Rose Tincher
Receptionist
Falyn Shilts
Program Coordinator
Danielle Berke
Assistant to the Clergy
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
Brent Ganey
Facilities Supervisor
The maintenance and
housekeeping staff work diligently
to keep our building clean and
presentable at all times. Our staff
devotes much of their time to
taking care of all the physical
needs required by the many events
which take place throughout the
year. Volunteers, event planners
and Center staff appreciate the
special attention they receive from
the maintenance department. The
maintenance staff offers invaluable
support to the members of our
congregation.
Margo’s Catering
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Your simcha is in good hands with
Margo’s. From planning to presentation,
you’ll appreciate the professional touches
that the catering staff brings to every event.
The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent, and the ambiance is
always inviting. Best of all, congregants can
count on Andrew and Catrina to be helpful,
friendly and reassuring. It’s a pleasure to
plan a party or congregational program at the
Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah,
wedding or other occasion, you can trust
Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
To learn more about menus and catering
options, go to Margo’s Catering’s website,
w ww.margoskoshercatering .com.
( Under the Kosher supervision of
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner)
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
^tebrate any occasion at Latitude 360 with great food, luxury bowling, a dine-ir
theater, private event space and much more under one massive roof. Lati
360 is the ideal destination for kids' birthday parties, social events and get-
togethers with family and friends from 8 to more than 1,500 guests.
llpSSIi? 10370 PHILIPS HWY JacKSONVIHE. FL 32256 (904) 345-2455 UTITUDE360.COM f '®
guests must adhere to our Entrance Policy and be 21 years or older to enter venue after 10pm.
Not valid in combination with any other offer: Restrictions may apply. Latitude 30 is a non-smoking venue.
24
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 27 =====
Alyse Nathans
Board President
FIND MEANING AND FULFILLMENT
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has been my second home for as long
as I can remember, and I was honored to serve as the VP of Education and
Chairperson of the Galinsky Academy Education/Youth Cabinet for the past
three years. So, when the executive leadership and nominating committee
asked me to serve as the President for the 2015-2017 term, I was humbled,
honored and thrilled. I have experienced so many lifecycle events with the
love and support of the JJC, and now I get the opportunity to serve you, our
congregants, along with talented and diverse executive and general board
members. The Center is in a wonderful place, a confluence of the right people
and the right time, with dedicated clergy and staff, including everyone on the
synagogue as well as the Academy side of our community.
As we move into this New Year, I hope every congregant can find meaning and fulfillment somewhere,
somehow at the Center. From daily minyan, schools for children ages one through high school, camping,
■ scouts, committees of various interests and purposes, Men’s Club, SisterhoQik services for Shabbat and
holidays, lifecycle ceremonies, adult education, and much more, there is always room for you to participate.
I I look forward to seeing you throughout the year.
Wishing you a healthy, happy and sweet New Year.
Shanah Tovah,
Alyse Nathans along with Alan, Rebecca, Arin and Morgan
I
===== PAGE 28 =====
Joette Anderson
Rhoda Goldstein
Mauri Mizrahi
Rebekah Selevan
Allan Andrew
Alan Harrison
Rachel Morgenthal
Michael Setzer
Eve Aptheker
Faye Hedrick
Jen Plotkin
Shari Shuman
Ellen Balotin
Joanie Levin
Penny Powell
Sheri Weiss
Risa Datz
Amy Levinson
Meryl Rittenberg
Sara Werner
Etta Fialkow
Marla Lewis
Randi Rogozinski-
. Elyse Whitman
Bob Fischer
Lenny Maiman
Scott Schwartz
Carole Wolpin
Debbie Goldstein
Harvey Matoren
Past Presidents
Lawrence DuBow
Charles Mizrahi
Mark Shorstein
Sanford “Sandy”
Michael DuBow
Jeffery Morris
Michael Shorstein
Zimmerman
Sheldon Gendzier
Marsha Pollock
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
Seeman Zimmerman
Mitchell Levine
Fred Pozin
Evan Yegelwel
===== PAGE 29 =====
Chairman of the Board President Executive VP Executive VP VP of Finance
Debby Kaye
VP of Education
Michael DuBow
VP at Large
Steven Mizrahi Tyler Curl Sheree Spriggs
VP of Ritual/Religious VP of House VP of Membership
Mel Gottlieb
VP at Large
ruce Horovitz
VP at Large
Rick Plotkin
VP at Large
lilverstein
Russell Selevan
VP at Large
Leonard Setzer
VP at Large
Morrie Zimmerman
VP at Large
Gaby Bubis
Secretary
Marjie Rogozinski
Sisterhood Rep
Harry Peltz
Men’s Club Rep
27
===== PAGE 30 =====
Ill
Max Frank*
1901-1904
H. Hammerman*
1905
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
Harry Finkelstein*
1927-1929
Robert J. Gordon*
1953-1955
Past President
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Abe Newman*
1940-1943
1944-1946
1949
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Philip Bork*
1952
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
1966-1967
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
1970-1971
28
*In Loving Memory
===== PAGE 31 =====
Charles Mizrahi
1974-1976
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Lawrence DuBow
1978-1980
Sol Proctor*
1982-1984
Dr. Joseph Honigman*
1984-1986
Nathan Krestul*
1980-1982
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Jeffery Morris
1990-1993
Stuart Hecht*
1993-1996
Mark Shorstein
1998-2000
Sandy Zimmerman
2006-2008
Michael Shorstein
2000-2002
D]03!tchelIXevme
2008-2010
Michael DuBow
2010-2012
Philip Bloom
2002-2004
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
1978-1980
Eugene Kornblum*
1986-1988
Evan Yegelwel
1996-1998
Seeman Zimmerman
2004-2006
*In Loving Memory
29
===== PAGE 32 =====

===== PAGE 33 =====
Committees & Organizations —«
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
The Membership Committee at the Center
wishes all of our Center family, “L’Shanah
Tovah!” We on the committee serve as the hosts
and hostesses of the synagogue. Our goal is to
try to make all of our members, both new and old
alike, feel welcome in our combined spiritual
home. All Center members should feel like a
member of the Membership Committee, inviting
the unaffiliated to join our family and to reach
out to unfamiliar faces when in the building to
connect with those you do not know.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is one large
family. We come together as a community in the
celebration of life cycle events: Baby Naming’s
and Brises, Graduations from our Schools of
the Galinsky Academy, Bar and Bat Mitzvahs,
Weddings, and, sadly, our loved ones’ passing.
Many have chosen to celebrate the anniversaries
of these lifecycle events with their Center
family.
We continue to provide great greeter teams for all Shabbat Services, this dedicated group of men and
women provide a wonderful service for our guests and existing members. We look forward to the annual
new member Sukkot Welcome dinner where all of our newly joined families are guests of the congregation
for a festive holiday meal and special activities. And of course we all enjoyed the new member open house
and pool party in conjunction with the Galinsky Academy welcome back to school event! If you are
interested in joining a Havurah please feel free to contact the Synagogue office and they will put you in
touch with a member of the committee. There are many more exciting activities being formulated. I look
forward to sharing them with you after the High Holy Days.
I would like to thank all the current Membership Committee Members this year who have supported
our programs. We look forward to continued participation in the support and growth of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Sheree Spriggs
VP of Membership
2014-2015
Committee Members
CHAIR - Sheree Spriggs
STAFF LIAISON - Don Kriss
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Joette Anderson
Carol Matoren
Shirley Bielski
Harvey Matoren
Moti Demri
Aliza Morris
Etta Fialkow
Robin Morris
Marilyn Garber
Kathy Osterer
Paula Garfinkel
Penny Powell
Vicki Gatewood
Marjie Rogozinski
Elaine Hodz
Robin Shorstein
Carolyn Krestul
Tom Spriggs
Amy Levinson
===== PAGE 34 =====
The Most Advanced
Car Wash in the Country
is Right Next Door
• Clean & Dry in 3 Minutes # Free Vacuums •
Barry P. Setzer, D.D.S. Karen A. Hubbard, D.D.S.
Stephen D. Cochran, D.M.D. Flavio M. Soares, D.D.S.
Everyone loves a clean car. CarbuX Share Cards
let you save money and share the love! You get 5
washes a month and SAVE over 50%. Share the
card with family and friends. Check out the newest
CarbuX on Southside Blvd. #carbux
No w
I OPEIVi
SOUTHSIDE I 8 am-8 pm | 904.619.3837 1 4132 Southside Blvd.
NORTHSIDE | 8 am - 7 pm | 904.696.1444 11555 Dunn Ave.
MANDARIN | 8 am - 8 pm ¡ 904.288,9744 111150 San Jose Blvd.
BEACHES | 8 am-8 pm | 904.992.9255 113480 Beach Blvd.
carbuxcarwash.com I follow us $
Pediatric Dentistn
(90H) 733-725H • www.setzerandcochran.com
—
Jack s¿nv i I le
Bank
Tlie Jacksonville Bank is committed to die success of our city’s businesses
and residents. By providing personal service, technological convenience
and financial expertise, we ensure that just as Jacksonville is a great place to live,
oui' bank is a great place to do business.
Member
FDIC
10325 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 288-8933 • jaxbanli.com
&
EQUAL HOUSING
LENDER
, your H£
A %
2015
israelbonds.com
5776
ISRAEV.^0^
ISRAEL® BONDS
Development Corporation for Israel
Israel Bonds
12600 South Belcher Road, Suite 101A
Largo, FL 33773
tampa@lsraelbonds.com
727.539.6445
This is not an offering, which can be made only by prospectus. Read
the prospectus carefully before investing to fully evaluate the risks
associated with investing in Israel bonds, Issues subject to availability,
Member FINRA Photo Credits: Photo Credits: ©IStockphoto.com/
ChrisGramly; ©IStockphoto.com/tovfla; ©IStockphoto.com/pjohnson1;
©iStockphoto.com/lnaPeters; James Galfund
32
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 35 =====
su
COMMUNITIES
RGANIZATION
Hi
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
2014-2015 Committee Members
CHAIR: Andy Raitt
STAFF LIAISON: Lois Tompkins
Eve Aptheker
Joe Honigman z’l
Sandi Driben
Barbara Hunter
Ava Fixel
Leonard Lipkin
Michael Fixel
Beth Oberlander
Elaine Furman
Larry Rosenblum
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Sharon Rosenblum
Wendy Honigman
Helen Shacter
The Adult Education Committee continues to
be committed to offering a myriad of educational
opportunities for our synagogue and community.
The dedication and commitment of our committee
along with the support of Lois Tompkins, Staff
Liaison, Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Tilman, and Hazzan
Holzer, helped our ideas become reality and ensured
the success of our programs.
Our programming this year featured the
Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton with Scholar-in
Residence Judy Klitsner, Biblical scholar from the
Pardes Institute. Judy facilitated interesting and though-provoking discussion of several biblical texts. Through
underwriting from the Weiss-Leibo families, Lee Weaver performed his one-man show, The Secret, the story of
the Spanish Inquisition and Jewish experience in St. Augustine. We co-sponsored with Hadassah a luncheon and
evening event featuring the author of Rashi’s Daughters, Maggie Anton, who spoke about her newest series of
books. We also helped sponsor the Table of Abraham program, Mercy and Compassion in the Abrahamic Traditions,
with the Atlantic Institute and Hendricks Avenue Baptist Church. The mission of this event was to bring the believers
of the Abrahamic traditions, Judaism, Christianity and Islam, together to strengthen the dialogue and friendship and
to celebrate their shared history, values and traditions. Our community also had the opportunity to learn from Rabbi
Matt Berkowitz and Professor Stephen Cantor.
Our regular ongoing classes will continue next year: Talmud class, Adult B’nai Mitzvah, Foundations of
Judaism, and many new multi-level Hebrew classes. Times and dates vary for the classes, with some online Hebrew
classes available. Todah Rabah to our teachers: Rabbi Lubliner, Rabbi Tilman, Hazzan Holzer, Scott Zimmerman z 7,
Rabbi Mark Wieder, Rabbi Merrill Shapiro, Etta Fialkow, and Lois Tompkins. The Adult Library, thanks to Elaine
Furman and Wendy Honigman, houses a large collection of Jewish texts and books that are available for checkout.
Information will be coming soon about a great monthly motivating program for adults, which encourages Jewish
living, as well as learning. Visiting lecturers, Shabbatot, weekly Torah study and much more will be available to
all adult learners of every age and level of comfort. Let this be the year that you take a class and attend an Adult
Education event. Please stay updated by visiting us at www.JJCAdultEducation.wordpress.com.
Shanah Tovah!
Andy Raitt, Adult Education Committee Chair
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
Fellows "
American Academy
«m>*m%**&* 1
&K
Shorstein
ELLY
Board Certified
Adoption Attorneys
Michael A. Shorstein and Brian T. Kelly - exclusively practicing in the field of adoptions.
V Matching and placement services v Identified adoptions
V Interstate ¡|ÍCPC) adoption® * Grandparent, stepparent, relative and adult adoptions
Creating families through successful adoptions is our goal.
BEST WISHES FORA HAPPY NEW YEAR!
SAVESfUVES
Adoption Attorneys
w
We welcome your referrals.
Jacksonville Office: 3821 Atlantic Svd., Jacksonville, FI 32É07 « (304) 348-6400
Daytona Office: J#&outh Beach, Ste. 302, Daytona Beach, H» 32214 • (386) 673-4234
Fax: |904) 348-6424 • Adoption®ShorstetnKeily.coin
WceÍCÍ^’
ADOPTION LAW
adoption-usa.com
Residential • Commerical • Industrial
Repairs
% Watson Plumbing
The Watson Way
4456 Sunbeam Road
Suite 200
Jacksonville, FL 32257
CFC 057664
(904) 737-6337
fax (904) 899-6827
www.watsonmaintenance.com
A Division ofWatson Maintenance Services, Inc.
34
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 37 =====
During the year 5775, the Religious Life Community (RLC), under the leadership of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Vice-President Steven Mizrahi, worked to shape and guide the religious direction of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. The past year was particularly difficult with the loss of our beloved ritual director, Scott Zimmerman - may
his name be for a blessing. Clergy, staff, and members of the RLC have worked diligently to maintain the decor of
the ritual aspects of the synagogue to maintain the standards we are all accustomed to.
The RLC introduced the inaugural (to be annual) Minyannaire Shabbat. The event will have an awardee, every
year, for the Scott P. Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year. A plaque is being constructed, and we hope to have it
complete and ready to unveil at the next Minyannaire Shabbat. In addition, the RLC had the Sifrei Torah reviewed
and repaired by a sofer to make sure they remain kosher into the future.
In the year ahead we will continue to explore new ways to bring innovation to our worship as we reach out
beyond the current circle of regulars, while maintaining the vital traditions of the Center’s religious heritage.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily morning and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a strong
part of our synagogue’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect with God and
other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved ones. With the
efforts put forth by the RLC, attendance at our daily minyanim continues to increase, year over year.
Many thanks to Rabbi Lubliner, Hazzan Holzer, and Rabbi Tilman for their hours of devotion and service to our
congregation. We are also grateful for the efforts of the devoted members of the RLC for their hard work in helping
to shape the future of our congregation. A special thank you to those RLC members who have devoted their time
and effort to making the committee’s work a success and are stepping down to allow new faces with new ideas join
the committee.
Community Members 2014-2015
CHAIR - Steven Mizrahi STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Joette Anderson
Etta Fialkow
Alyse Nathans
Beth Shorstein
Greg Arnold
Lynda Gridley
Joey Plotkin
Daniel Shorstein
Shirley Bielski
Faye Hedrick
Marco Rand
Robin Shorstein
Philip Bloom
Len Lipkin
Mark Shainbrown
Howard WolpofF
Moti Demri
Mauri Mizrahi
Harry Shmunes
HOUSE COMMITTEE
Our House Committee has been very busy! We worked hard to keep the Jacksonville Jewish Center building
in tip top shape and the beautiful Beth Shalom Park looking grand.
This year we concentrated on making sure that we set a schedule to adequately maintain our facility. We have
a very comprehensive list of items that are short term, midterm and long term that we are continually monitoring
and working on.
This past year’s highlights have been the upgrading of the Yegelwel Pool House interior, new paint, new
flooring, wall and shower repairs. We have replaced two 10 ton air handlers that have served for many years.
Perhaps the highlight of the year was the conversion of our lighting in approximately 85 percent of our building
to energy efficient LED lighting. We look forward to realizing the energy savings for years to come.
As we move into the New Year there are several projects that we are moving forward on. We will be carpeting
all of the surrounding hallways around the Sanctuary. We have finalized plans to add into to the existing ADA
restrooms in the lobby area with new sinks and hand rails in the handicapped stalls. On the table and of high
priority for the off camping season is the re-decking of the Yegelwel Pool surfaces, a new roof for the pool house,
new fencing around the pool and a new kiddy water feature.
CHAIR - Ben Setzer
Committee Members 2014-2015
STAFF LIAISONS - Don Kriss, Lori Schoettler, Brent Ganey
Allan Andrew
Erica Jolles
Scotty Schwartz
Howard Wolpoff
Philip Bloom
Tyler Curl
Craig Sommers
Dana Zaifert
Steven Gross
Ellen Rosner
Howard Teitelbaum
Andy Zunic
Kim Israel
David Schmerer
Paige Wajsman
35
===== PAGE 38 =====
Serving Northeast
Florida Since 1898
BUSINESS
PERSONAL
LIFE
HEALTH
0\£mdroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
www.Vandroff-lnsurance.com
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
904.296.3390 office • 904.296.6144 fax
X^tediterrania
¡ El RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
* \JuJL
P'lÁA/áU RiOOth- f\vA*JUJJU <£
3877 Baymeadows Road
just off San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 731-4492
IUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
www.greekrestaurant.com
THE LOOP
V&Tty-
' The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Bivd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-2210
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e-Loop Club
36
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 39 =====
Organization
HESED COMMUNITY
The Hesed Committee seeks to offer comfort and connection to our Center members and families
during times of illness, loss or other life challenges. Hesed Committee members help Center members who
are recovering from surgery or homebound, or who have lost a loved one, by sending get-well cards and
condolence cards, making phone calls, making visits or sending home-cooked meals. Transportation is
provided on occasion, as well.
We continue to offer Care and Comfort Bags, packages of assorted items that are delivered in person to
a newly bereaved congregant, within the first month or two of his or her loss. Meals are also offered to new
parents who do not yet have a child in the preschool. The Hesed Committee could not function without the
hard work and commitment of its many members, co-chairs and supportive staff and clergy.
CHAIR -
Committee Members 2014-2015
Beth Shorstein STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner
Bob Bossen
Peter Hammer
Marcia Howard
Penny Powell
Naomie Bossen
Laurie Hecht
Marcelle Karstaedt
Andy Raitt
Debbie Charpiat
Faye Hedrick
Sylvia Lubliner
Robin Rand
Sandi Driben
Andrea Hernandez
Larry Mendlow
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Helen Hill
Jack Mizrahi
Heather Sherman
Rhoda Goldstein
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Rachel Morgenthal
Sheree Spriggs
Laura Goldstein
Edith Horovitz
Robin Morris
SOSHUL NETWORK
“The SoShul Network” was established in early 2013 as a group for 20 and 30-somethings of the Jacksonville
I Jewish Center to network and enjoy the company of new and old friends. The committee plans Jewish-themed
1 social events to engage its members as well as promotes activities and programs. Whether a recent college
I graduate, young professional, married couple, new parent, or single, there is something for everyone!
The SoShul Network was successful in attracting over 30 people to each event, including many young
I* Jewish members who have recently moved to Jacksonville. As the committee begins planning events for the
upcoming year, it hopes to reach out to additional 20 and 30-somethings in the community who have not yet
become involved. It also intends to maintain the interest and participation of those who are already active. The
SoShul Network committee has created a working list of group members and is continuously adding names
and contact information.
Committee Members 2014-2015
Donnie Daniels Peter Hammer Aliza Morris
Sarah Daniels Heather Horovitz Alicia Rauchwarger
Lauren Setzer
(■Bdl
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
Ira E. Goldfield, clu ciifc
Insurance Advisor
Providing Service In:
• Medicare Supplement (AARP)
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
•Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401(k) and Retirement Plans
2803 Scott Mill Estates Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 655-7747
38
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 41 =====
This past year, the Center’s Social Action Committee has been quite busy keeping our members aware
and involved in doing Mitzvot.
We continue to prepare and serve dinner the second Sunday of every other month to those at I. M.
Sulzbacher Center. We are fortunate to have a very dedicated corps of people who continue to do this.
Our monthly drive for the Teacher Supply Depot and World Relief Organization continue to be supported
by our members.
Food for Operation Isaiah and our magazine drives continue to get much support. We are able to supply
the food pantry at JFCS with needed items and have been able to provide magazines for a number of locations,
including River Garden and the Mandarin Senior Center.
Our Christmas project with Congregation Ahavath Chesed continues to grow in scope and in support.
In 2014, we delivered approximately 225 Meals On Wheels that had been cooked and packaged at the
Temple. More than 4,000 cookies had been donated and then delivered to First Responders and local Police
Substations. Fifteen volunteers cooked and served dinner to those who were spending their holiday at Ronald
McDonald House.
We continue to educate our members with many other ways to do social action activities. Each week
both the Mah Koreh and our Shabbat Handout is filled with ways to help others in our community and in the
world. “A Package from Home” for IDF soldiers, Hubbard House Thrift store, and Dignity U Wear are just a
few of the ways that we have reached out and helped others who otherwise would “go without”.
Our committee and congregation need continued support with all of our projects. We hope that YOU will
be one of our supporters!
CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning And Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE
Í President
DWAYNE MOORE
It?
Florida’s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356 4714 Fax: 359 0759
southernmonument@bellsouth.net
40
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 43 =====
The Center manages three cemetery locations, in and adjacent to Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Each are open until 5pm every day except
Shabbat and Jewish Holidays.
To reach the New Cemetery, also known as Jacksonville Jewish Center
Memorial Park, travel north on Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right
on 43rd Street. The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street. The
“Old Cemetery” and the Beth Shalom cemetery section are both located within
Evergreen Cemetery. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on Main Street to
Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and follow the road until you reach
Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Beth Shalom section, enter
through Gate 5 and take the red brick road to the right. Follow and bear to the left
onto Cummer Drive and continue until the road ends (.4 miles). The Beth Shalom
cemetery will be on your right.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on
the memory wall located in the Hannah Setzer Memorial Hall, and a tribute
in the annual Yizkor booklets. You may also learn more about purchasing
individual and family plots through the Center’s website and by contacting
the office. Additionally, contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund in
honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 2014-2015
CHAIR
Howard Wolpoff
STAFF LIAISON
Don Kriss
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Mike Lissner
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death; yet,
it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of life, of
which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 2014-2015
Co-President
Ave Axelrod
Bruce Goldring
Vice President
Deinya Mautz
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chair
Stacey Goldring
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
42
===== PAGE 45 =====
rZXiFTent
A BUSY YEAR IN THE ‘HOOD’!
I am honored to
serve as president
of Sisterhood and I
am looking forward
to working with the
officers. My board is
a group of dynamic
women who will
be helping enhance
Jewish life with the
members of Sisterhood
at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and
community. My main
goal is to motivate
women to learn, educate, and socialize with each
Marjie Rogozinski
Sisterhood President
other in a Jewish setting. Sisterhood is the backbone
of the Center and philanthropically supports so many
diverse programs. Listed below are some of the
wonderful mitzvahs that Sisterhood contributes to
our synagogue:
When you buy gifts in the Judaica Shop, send
Rosh Hashanah flowers to a friend, buy hamantashen
at Purim, buy Chanukah gifts at the Holiday Bazaar,
send Leagrams to children for their consecration, or
simply pay your dues, it all goes to worthy causes
you can feel good about.
We have some fun things planned for the
upcoming year. To find out more, follow us on
facebook or check us out at www.jjcsisterhood.com.
Provide scholarships to send Center children
to Camp Ramah
Buy bereavement cards for the Synagogue to
send to members who have lost loved ones
Provide Jewish educational programs for adult
women - book reviews, educational speakers,
hot topic discussions and more
Organize game days, house parties, luncheons,
dinners and other social and fun events
Provide financial assistance to capital projects
for the Synagogue
Provide financial resources for Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School
Provide financial assistance to our Youth Groups
Raise money for scholarships for clergy through
Torah Fund
Provide volunteers for Purim festivities, the
Judaica Shop, and High Holidays
Collect for food pantries and other Social
Action projects
Advocate for Conservative Masorti Judaism
in Israel through Women’s League of
Conservative Judaism and Mercaz
AND best of all, help each of us have a
meaningful experience at the Center
Past Presidents
OFFICERS
Sybil Ansbacher
Penny Marks
Gayle Bailys
Carol Matoren
President
Israeli Affairs
Shirley Bielski
Kathy Osterer
Marjie Rogozinski
Sylvia Lubliner
Agnes Bloch
Marsha Pollock
Etta Fialkow
Andy Raitt
Education Coordinator
Parliamentarian
Ava Fixel
Jeanine Rogozinski
Jeanine Hoff
Naomi Lazar
Marilyn Garber
Maxine Romo
Kim Glasgal
Joanne Rosenberg
Membership Coordinator
Recording Secretary
Phyllis Goldberg
Barbara Safer
Joanne Rosenberg
llene Bomser
Renee Gordon
Bonnie Sandler
Judy Halperin
Shirley Schinasi
Publicity Coordinator
Social Secretary
Wendy Honigman
Beth Shorstein
Margie Holzer
Robin Allerding
Clara Jaffe
Idlene Slaff
Mimi Kaufman
Blanche Slott
Torah Fund Coordinator
Treasurer
Annetta Komblum
Lara Werwa
Lara Werwa
Kim Glasgal
Eileen Levine
Carole Wolpin
Deanna Lissner
Eunice Zisser
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
■ : |i|||| jj
Wmm
===== PAGE 47 =====
¡»gTE252m¡22
MEN’S CLUB
Harry Peltz
Men’s Club President
“Involving Jewish
Men in Jewish Life”
It is my honor to serve
as the President of the
Men’s Club. My family
has been a member
of the Jacksonville
Jewish community for
one hundred years! The
Jacksonville Jewish
Center Men’s Club is an
organization dedicated
to the enrichment of
Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish
community. The Men’s
Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to
work together supporting, sponsoring, and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving
Jewish Men in Jewish Life.”
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international
organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities
and Center participation have earned your Men’s Club
the First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards
from FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program
is now being implemented in Men’s Clubs across the
nation. We participate in a wide range of FJMC programs
and activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust
Memorial candles so that every congregant can honor the
memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and World
Wide Wrap which brings together congregants, clergy
and Center youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in
the mitzvah of wrapping tefillin.
The Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of
Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize
our youth for reading Torah in our synagogue services
and building on the success of the Yad Shel Chai program.
The Men’s Club Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is
given each Spring to one teacher in the Center schools
who best represents the life commitment necessary to
bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children.
We provide a metal finished Kiddush Cup for B’nai
Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th graders that
complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and raise
funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children
to attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment
programs who otherwise would not have been able to
do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as
well as our regional Jewish community. Our members
regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play pick¬
up softball, touch football games or perform community
service activities. One of our highlights is the opportunity
to prepare meals at the I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the
Homeless. In the Fall, our annual Membership Kickoff
Party features fun, food, raffles and the opportunity to
schmooze with friends while we watch the Jacksonville
Jaguars play an away game on a big screen TV. We
are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Throughout the year, Men’s Club members help with
Sukkot and Purim programs. We lead and participate in
Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. We
are your children’s teachers, your community volunteers
and your spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at
least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community. I firmly believe that the
Men’s Club offers something
for every man. So come on
out and join us for an activity
this year. I think you’ll enjoy
supporting our Jacksonville
Jewish community and
spending quality time with
other guys just like you!
MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
2nd Vice President
Harry L. Peltz
Mark Levine
1st Vice President
Secretary
Allan Andrew
Bruce Stark
Treasurer
Martin Levine
Board Members
Past Presidents
Moti Demri
Neil Gordon
Steve Gross
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Mike Herring
Dave Schmerer
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Bob Feigelson
Ken Organes
Dr. Daniel Wohl
George Rubens
Neil Gordon
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
(Ed-
C ATE RING
Serving the Jacksonville Community for over 42 years!
Proud to be the Exclusive Caterer for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
“Simple to Elegant; Affordable for All”
*Bris / Baby Namings * Bar/Bat Mitzvah * Weddings *Shiva Meals
'Delicious Meals to Go for Shabbat, Holidays or any Special Event
'Corporate Events and Box Lunches * In-Home Special Events
(Full catering, self-pickup or drop off)
'Offpremise Kosher catering always available
Cades andMore dy Catrina
'Birthday *.Anniversary 'Bar/Bat Mitzvah 'Wedding Cakes 'Cupcakes 'Cookies 'Brownies and More
(AÜ Available Pareve or Dairy)
Call us today to make your special event truly special!
268-4200, Ext. 142 or 130
margoscatering@aoL com www.margoskoshercatering. com
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with Wonderful Celebrations!
Under the Strict-Kashrut Supervision of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
46
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
BABIES
Chandler Rose Gailey Ava Sophia Hodgson Anthony Sidney Hodgson
October 23,2013 December 5,2013 December 5,2013
Parents: Jennie & D. Mark Gailey Parents: Elizabeth & Zach Hodgson Parents: Elizabeth & Zach Hodgson
Grandparents: Jo & Alan Marks Grandparents: Lois & Dale Gosa Grandparents: Lois & Dale Gosa
Logan Howard Wolpin
July 22,2014
Parents: Kat & Matt Wolpin
Great-Grandparents:
Carole & the late Howard Wolpin
Mitchell Arthur Konter
September 24,2014
Parents: Elissa & Harris Konter
Great Grandparents:
Naomie & Bob Bossen
Bria Indigo Blumenthal
October 21,2014
Parents: Finesse & Todd Blumenthal
Grandparents:
Sue Ann Blumenthal & the late
Henry Blumenthal
904.398.7668
PHOTOART
Exceptional Photography
Heirloom PhotoArt ® Album
Superior Photo Booth Rental
www.DanHarrisPhotoArt.com
Impressions
Personalized
Stationery & Calligraphy^
Wedding/Shower
Party Invitations
Baby/Kids
Bar/Bat Mitzvah
1957 San Marco Blvd. • Jacksonville, FL 32207
Tel: 904-396-6195 • Fax: 904-396-9306
www. impressions-sanmarco. com
Email: impressionsgirls@aol.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
47
===== PAGE 50 =====
Lifestyle Portraits.Bat/ Bar Mitzvahs.Weddings. Parties & Events
Photography by Brandi Hill
brandihill.com
904.616.2402
booking@brandihill.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
• • ■■■■■i
BABIES
Locke Eden Rogozinski
October 9,2014
Parents: Kaleigh & Ben Rogozinski
Grandparents:
Marjie & Abe Rogozinski
Great Grandparents:
Ella & the lile Jakob Rogozinski
Eliana Harriet Raffol
November 4,2014
Parents: Esther & Mike Raffol
Grandparents:
Arlene & Evan Yegewel
Jack Thomas Raffol
November 4,2014
Parents: Esther & Mike Raffol
Grandparents:
Arlene & Evan Yegewel
Joseph Dov Hassid Luke Aaron Yergin-Doniger
November 17,2014 December 12,^14
Parents: Jessica & Victor Hassid Parents:
Grandparents: : Dana & David Yergin-Doniger
Kathy & Morrie Osterer Grandparents: Cathy & Bmce Yergjn
Alexander Robert Feller
December 18,2014
Parents: Sarah & Sam Feller
Grandpar^ftis:
Sheryl & KenlSeMne..
Leo Thomas Linsky Catalina Rose Wolpin
December 26* 2014 January 14,2015
Parents: Stacie & Sam Linsky Parents: Crystal & Travis Wolpin
Grandparents: Jo & Alan Marks Grandparents: Cindy & Rick Wolpin
Great-Grandparents:
Cafóle & Ae late Howard Wolpin
Nora Alice Sarnat
February 6,2015
Parents: Natalie & Jon Sarnat
Great Grandparents:
Naomie & Bob Bossen
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
Ü.WrlüimWÜ
TO BOOK YOUR EVl
ALL <904) 376-7161 EXT. I
THECANDYAPPLECAFE.COM OR
EVENTS@THECANDYAPPLECAFE
■
■
K- J ^Sm 'WjrW 'M
FTift i Wt Jr MM
Located inside thf regions largue
factory, we arejfae Sweetest Destín
on Earth! mk JÉ
SOPHISTICATED FO
INTERACTIVE CAND.
ICE CREAM PARLOR & DESSERT B.
PhotobyDanHarrisPhotoArt.com
•11
400 NORTH HOGAN STREET, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202
50
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 53 =====
w;; i
BABIES
William Edward Safer
February 6,2015
Parents: Dede & Mathew Safer
Grandparents
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Sonah Meinen Steinfeld
March 12,2015
Parents: Kyle & Sejung Steinfeld
Grandparents:
Michele & David Steinfeld
Ethan Shames Rostholder
March 31,2015.
Parents: Emily & Erik Rostholder
Grandparents:
Phyllis & Larry Goldberg
Beryl Nathan Storch
May 8,2015
Parents: Melissa & Douglas Storch
Grandparents:
Kathy & Morrie Osterer
Dylan Yergin Margolin
June 5,2015
Parents:
Mindy Yergin & Jason Margolin
Grandparents: Cathy & Bruce Yergin
Elijah Matan Rand
June 17,2015
Parents: Dafna & Doug Rand
Grandparents:
Robin & Marco Rand
fgs@®©twite * <®te®gfe®»8ss * H, I I „
@9*w©fte*as§ * i
School Functions. Of
• m roore/ Jacksonville
s
pace Walk
904-646-586^
www.spacewalkofiaekionville.Goni
NEATLY DESIGNED
clearing the clutter in your home and in your life
CHRISTINE STONE
chhstinestone@neotlydesigned.com
www.neotlydesigned.com
904.536.9306
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
Mag XíleraQries
our perfect OTUtgtsiafL &. OTtere
Pfamúrvg y
Seiillitra Charm,
One of North Florida’s premier trim contractors in estate residential and beach front homes. We provide quality and professional
installations of interior custom millwork, complimenting a host of architectural designs and interior decors of your dreams. Our proven
efficiency will challenge even the most demanding and complex of projects, providing a finished product that you will be proud of. For
over 20 years, Cady Flomes has shown a dedication in promoting value
in good quality work and to stand apart in the industry as true Craftsmen
in their trade. Among the many challenges and vast opportunities in the
construction field, Cady Flomes has and will continue to bring the lost art
of a finished wood product back to the hands of professionals.
Serving the Jacksonville area for over 13 years
Curt Cady
President
386-867-4404
cadycustomtrim@gmail.com
www.cadycustomtrim.com
Ben Cady
Vice President
Cady Custom Trim
Cady Homes & Remodeling, Inc.
52
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
Finley Jude Ribaudo
July 16,2015
Parents: Leah & John Ribaudo
Grandparents: Janet & Don Kriss
Charlie Seth Helming
July 21,2015
Parents: Rachel & Lance Helming
Grandparents
Donna & Harlan Helming
Great Grandfather: Jordan Ansbacher
Shelby Rena Rauchwarger
July 22,2015
Parents: Alicia & Jesse Rauchwarger
Grandparents: Annette & Jerry Goodfarb
and Debby & Don Kaye
Great-grandfather: Ed Bernard
Jonah Hanan Werner
July 26,2015
Parents: Sara & Bruce Werner
Grandparents:
Nancy & Jack Mizrahi
Riley Jarrah Irvin
August 5,2015
Parents: Joy & Matty Irvin
Grandparents:
Debbie & Mel Gottlieb
Wells & dreW
COMPANIES
ENQRAVERS Sjf PRINTERS
Since 1855
Randy Houser, President
P.O. Box 10554 • Jacksonville, FL 32247
Street Address: 3414 Galilee Road (32207)
904-399-1510 • Fax 904-399-1884
Toll Free 800-342-8636
randy h @ wellsdrew.com
Certified Mohel -bwa
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
118 Willow Bend Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
www.floridamohel.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
54
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Hannah Helen Silverstein
September 5-6,2014
Parents: Maura & Alex Silverstein
Amelia Emas
November 7- 8,2014
Parents: Holly & Mark Emas
Grandparents:
Marilyn & Nathan Sandler
Gil Sapolsky
October 24-25,2014
Parents: Wendy & Jeffrey Sapolsky
Grandparents:
Dorothy & Harry Verstandig
Eleanor Sapolsky
Jacqueline Emas
November 7- 8,2014
Parents: Holly & Mark Emas
Grandparents:
Marilyn & Nathan Sandler
Rebecca Bubis
October 31-November 1,2014
Parents: Gabrielle & Jeffrey Bubis
Evelyn Mizrahi
December 5-6,2014
Parents: Betsy & Dennis Mizrahi
Grandmother: Judy B. Mizrahi
Zoe Mail
December 19-20,2014
Parents:
Andrea & Steven Mail
Zachary Shainbrown
December 26-27,2014
Parents
Kendall & Mark Shainbrown
Yoni Homsky
January 9-10,2015
Parents: Amit & Andrey Homsky
===== PAGE 58 =====
904-739-2989
www.pestko.com
GYMNASTICS & TUMBLING CUSSES FOR KIDS!
TUMBLING CUSSES FOR CHEER
PRE-SCHOOL CLASSES | MOMMY & ME
BIRTHDAY PARTIES AVAILABLE
VISIT WWW.TUMBLINGKIDS.COM FOR SCHEDULE & FORMS
CONVENIENTLY LOCATED NEXT TO MARKSPIVAK’S DANCE
EXTENSION IN FRUIT COVE & JULINGTON CREEK AREA
106 JULINGTON PLAZA DR (904)230.6291
778 N STATE RD.13 (904)230.0408
904.230.62911904.230.7778
We treat for termites, bedbugs,
roaches, ants, and rodents
3491 Pall Mall Drive
Suite 203
Jacksonville, Florida
Mark Spivak’s
Institute & Dance Extension
Ballet-Pointe-Character-Jazz-Modern - Hip-Hop
• Pre-School Dance Programs - Fairy Tales in Motion
Lyrical, Contemporary, Leaps & Turns Dynamics, Strengths & Stretch Classes
Age 2 yr old - Adults * Performing Group and Competitive Team
Birthday Parties Available
Morning - Afternoon - Night Classes
Beginner through Advance
Fall Schedule in Session - Register Today
....... _ IM .COM
Visit our website for Schedule & Forms
■
WWW.MARKSPIVAK.
Fruit Cove
287-4619
774NSR 13
Located half mile south from
Jufington Creek Bridge
Julington Creek
lingu
230-
7778
106 Julington Plaza
Comer Racetrack rtf &
Flora Branch
Mandarin
268-3583
3740 San lose Place
One Block North of
Crown Point
56
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
H¡Hi
m
M3;'
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Jamie Bielski
January 16-17,2015
Parents: Carrie & David Bielski
Grandparents: Shirley & Abe Bielski
Eliza Aretz
February 13-14,2015
Parents:
Margie Seaman & Edward Aretz
Julia Paige Sparks
March 28,2015
Atlanta, GA
Grandmother: Sandra Weiss
Jacob Anchel
May 1-2,2015
Parents: Melinda & Craig Anchel
Kesha Ewing
May 1-2,2015
Parents: Robyn & Justin Ewing
Jolie Weiss
May 8-9,2015
Parents: Sheri & Jeff Weiss
Grandparents:
Beth & Mitchell Trager
Benjamin Arnold
June 5-6,2015
Parents:
Melissa Gross-Arnold &
Shawn Arnold
Itamar and Elior Lubliner
August 21 -22,2015
Parents:
Susan & Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Grandmother: Sylvia Lubliner
===== PAGE 60 =====
¡yrgj
BEACHVIEW 8b77ac782 ■7368
event rentals & design hview.net
tents • ta&fieS • cdaÁ/iS • ÜbtettS • ta&üeiOaAe * SpecíaMy, ^aJinita/ie
• cfkca/i • c&mate conthad • aíslan Se/iytceS * Sí wa/ie!
V\ mmm i
Jlunes
Fine Mens Clothing
Purveyors of classic,
distinctive men's apparel.
Leave a lasting impression
and let us be your personal
clothier for all occasions.
Offering the finest in
professional, formal and
casual wear that
compliments your lifestyle.
Young men and boys are
always welcome.
We are
"The difference
between
Dressed &
Well Dressed"
To The Nynes - Jacksonville
9965 San Jose Blvd Suite 43
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 501-7301
¿1? Like us on
Li Facebook
v
w w w.tothenynes .com
58
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
Chloe Hochrad and Daniel Grosberg Susan Teitelman and Gabriel Arab
November 8,2014 November 8,2014
Mamed in Olney, MD Married in Ponte Vedra Beach, FL
Parents: Lauren and Howard Hochrad Mother: Barb^itelman
Largest selection of Judaica in Northeast Florida
Located next to the JJC Lobby
Gift registries for Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Babies, and Brides.
Shop for Hostess Gifts and Family Heirlooms
Proud retailer for:
Gary Rosenthal, Michael Aram, Nambe, Quest,
Anat Mayer, Beanies Designs, Melanie Dankowicz,
Tamara Baskin, and more...
fayy
I
Shop our shop-save tax and/or shipping and support the efforts of Sisterhood at the Center.
59
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 62 =====
ÍT. á Mií & Srn 1 a ÉJLSáM 6 e a J*J,l T,re a tments
Now Offering: Eyebrow Threading • Waxing
Brazilian Waxing • Skin Care Treatment Facials
Microdermabrasion • Skin Smoothing Facial • Bioactive Skin Peel
Pedicure • Manicure • Bridal Beauty Services
Henna Tattoos • and Hair Treatments
5111'18 BAYMEADOWS RD.
Near Old Kings Rd. S, Next to Raja Indian Grocery
904.731.7010
www.sush i labeautycare.com
Hours: Tues-Sun 11am-8pm
mmmm Free w¡-f¡
II
M
San Jose Blvd.
Imém
r
M
Old Kings
Philips Hwy
60
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 63 =====
Stephanie Renée Shacter and
Brian Robert Zimmerman
November 9,2014
Married in Miami, FL
Parents: Helen and Joseph Shacter
Erin Frances Rogozinski and
Arlen Mason Weintraub
November 15,2014
Parents: Jeanine an^ Dr. Chaim Rogozinski
Grandparents:
Ella Rogozinski and the late Jakob Rogozinski
k a fantasy
Pin fl®wers
904-268-7022
Susan@AFantasyFlowers.Gom
110 Cumberland Park Drive, #108
Saint Augustine, FI 32095
www.FantasyFlowersJax.eom
PHOTOS: CHRIST
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
Mandarin 904-268-7975
Fruit Cove 904-287-0035
N Ponte Vedra 904-280-7700
Ask for FREE
ring cleaning
J11§L & inspection,
mention JJC ad
i£CANCER
BP SPECIALISTS
o? NORTH FLORIDA
Jeffery Bubis, DO
Jeffery DiMascio, DO
Safeer A shraf, MD
14546 Old St, Augustine Rd.f Bldg, 1, Suite 517
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone: 904*260.9445
Fax: 904*260,0005
EsplingJewelers.com
&pfitl?
«¡Jewelers
Family Jewelers Since 1972
tM'M' ¿fuói&x ¡P*tnou¿inw, ¿fnc.
(904) 737-1344
Susie sot ft Grin'm,_ ,
xt Su5tesLmio.com
christy whitehead
phfrltrgULpktj. I design
FAMILIES,
WEDDINGS,
BELLIES S> BABIES,
BAR & BAT MITZVAHS,
HEAD SHOTS/CORPORATE
Lexus GS - Hummer
InfinM FX45 - QX56
Excursion - Magnum
Land Yacht — 300
07 Escalade with Spa
WE BUY GOLD
SILVER
DIAMONDS
ROLEX
62
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 65 =====
WEDDINGS
Jessica Michelle Ruby and
Blake Andrew Levine
December 14,2014
Parents: Catrina and Andrew Ruby
Grandparents: Margo and Stanley Ruby
Lauren Bloom and Gregg Wishna
January 24,2015
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL
Parents: Linda and Phillip Bloom
Grandparents: Jo all and Sonny Waitz
Jessica Jacobs and Daniel Shorstein
June 28,2015
Parents: Beth and Mark Shorstein
63
===== PAGE 66 =====
HARDAGE-GIDDENS FUNERAL
HOMES AND CEMETERIES
Serving the Jewish Community in accordance with Jewish Law,
with separate Tahara facilities for the Jewish Community.
904-346-3808
4115 Hendricks Avenue • Jacksonville, Florida
Contact the Center office
or view the Center's website
to learn more about purchasing
family or individual plots
at
the cemeteries of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
904-292-1000
www.jjcjax.com
64
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 67 =====
S^El
DEARLY
DEPARTED
Jan Morris
September 9,2014
Bobbie Heyman
January 3,2015
Walter Kraemer
April 23,2015
Marie Kowitz
July 12, 2015
Norma Margol
September 28,2014
Mary Foor
January 7, 2015
Robert “Bob” Ackerman
May 9, 2015
Lester Edelstein
August 4, 2015
Sylvia T. Hecht
October 7, 2014
Joan Talpalar
January 24, 2015
Phyllis Katz Strumlauf
May 10, 2015
Herbert Gordon
August 20, 2015
Audrey Chenkin
November 28, 2014
Sally Levine
February 6, 2015
David Khazanovich
May 22, 2015
*As of August 20, 2015
Dorothy Cohen
December 1, 2014
Yankel Sonis
March 8, 2015
Pearl Brooks
June 17, 2015
Joel Selber
December 1, 2014
Dr. Joseph Honigman
March 10,2015
Stephen Myron Hackel
July 2, 2015
Richard Bell
December 15,2014
Phyllis Raderman
December 19, 2014
Scott Paul Zimmerman
December 25, 2014
Irene Crystal Shawn
March 17, 2015
Albert Levy
March 23,2015
Thelma Schneider
April 18,2015
Maurice Wagner
Goldstein
July 4, 2015
Sylvia Wernow
July 6, 2015
Northside
«iftu
anil Ban
Southside
4747 Main Street
Jacksonville, FL 32206
Phone 355-9545
Funeral Homes
George H. Hewell II
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 737-4855
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
20UBR TODAY
.1Q8P Readers' Choice
CHUMAN ELECTRIC, INC.
3660 St.
ille, Fl.
Service Upgrades ~ Safety Inspections
t New Construction ~ Remodeling
sign / Build
State Licensed & Insured
ER # 13012447
SIaí^lOmaI:
America’s
Department Store
Up To 60% OFF Department
Store Prices, Every Day
Roosevelt I Mandarin I Baymeadows
Beaches I Lakewood I Harbour Village
1-888-Stein Mart • steininart.com
66
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 69 =====
mmm
BSBBMmSSm
SIMHAT TORAH HONOREES-5775
¿ ^ Alyse Nathans
Eishet Hayil
Steeped in tradition, Alyse is a 3rd generation member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
She attended Alexander Muss High School in Israel and was on the Executive Board of D.
Phi E. and the Pan-Hellenic Council at the University of Florida. She earned a Master’s
in Human Resources from the University of South Carolina. Alyse worked as Staffing
and Human Resources Managers for BellSouth, where she earned several awards for
leadership and commitment to excellence. She currently serves on the Mandarin High
School Advisory Council, and she also works in the family business at Alan Nathans
Family Chiropractic and Restore Your Health. She has been active in the Galinsky Academy as a room parent and
PTA Executive board member. She has also served as a member of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Education
Committee. A volunteerism highlight has been her service to the Jacksonville Jewish Center as Vice President
of Education and Chairperson of the Galinsky Academy Education Cabinet from July 2012 to present. Alyse is
married to Alan and they have 3 wonderful daughters, Rebecca, Arin, and Morgan who presently attend schools
of the Galinsky Academy.
Steven Mizrahi
Hatan Torah
Steven’s family has a long legacy at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. He was not bom in
Jacksonville, but very few people would know that. His father was a Captain in the Air
Force, and he was bom in New Jersey at McGuire Air Force base. The family moved to
Jacksonville when he was six months old. Steven graduated from Bolles in 1981 and went
on to receive his B.A. in Finance from the University of North Florida. He worked in the
environmental and refining industries for almost thirty years and is currently President
and owner of Au Refining, Inc. Steven has a passion for Minyan. He is the Monday
evening Minyan Captain and currently serves on the JJC Board as a Vice President and Chair of the Religious Life
Community. He has held multiple committee roles at the Jacksonville Jewish Center including House Committee
and the Rabbinic Search Committee. Steven is also a member of the JJC Men’s Club Board and has worked
with the PTA and chaired the school magazine sale. He is an active member of the Hevra Kaddisha committee,
served on the Board of the JCA and Chair of the School Advisory Council at Mandarin High School. Steven has
been married to Faye for 21 wonderful years and has two great children, Hannah and Eh, who are 5th generation
residents of Jacksonville and 5th generation members of the JJC.
Robin Shorstein
Kallat Bereishit
Robin was bom in White Plains, New York and grew up in Sarasota, Florida. She
graduated from Boston University with a degree in Special Education and a degree in
Physical Education. Robin served as a PTA Vice President and Treasurer. She also taught
in the Preschool for six years. Robin has been an active member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Board of Directors, serving on numerous committees including Education, Youth
and Membership. She chaired the B’nai Mitzvah Committee and was a Chalutzim Advisor
for four years. One of the recent highlights in her tenure as volunteer extraordinaire was
co-chairing the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School 50th Anniversary Tribute Journal. Robin attends three weekly
Minyans and is the Tuesday evening Minyan Captain. She has served Sisterhood as Membership and Torah
Fund Vice President. Volunteering in the Sisterhood Judaica Shop for has been a passion for the last eight years.
Robin is also active in the community as a member of Hevra Kaddisha and is a life member of Hadassah. Robin
is married to Michael Shorstein. She has two wonderful kids, Mathew and Benay.
===== PAGE 70 =====
A SEASON
■I
Humans and other animal species have
maintained a close relationship since the
story of creation, when all of the land animals
were created on the same day. The Noah
story took this relationship to the next level,
as God decides to save Noah, his family, and
all animal species. This relationship continues
throughout biblical times, highlighted by
Rebecca’s care for a stranger’s camels by the
well. The connection between humans and
other animals is so strong that the Talmud
coins the term tzaar baalei hayim, a prohibition
against the suffering of animals.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center became
home to a number of animal programs during the
month of October. In honor of Parashat Noah,
we held a moving Bark Mitzvah ceremony for
over 40 dogs from our community. Owners
recited blessings of thanksgiving while their
four-legged friends received their Jewish
names and kosher treats courtesy of our JJC
USY.
Our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Middle
Schoolers visited our zoo two days later to learn
about the important rescue work of our very
own Jacksonville Zoo & Gardens. Elementary
School students from our Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School enjoyed a biblical
scavenger hunt, weaving their way through
the zoo using a special passport designed to
teach everyone about the animals mentioned in
the bible. Participants learned about common
Hebrew names derived from animals as well
as animals symbols used throughout Jewish
history. One modem twist included the use of
“arkies,” where students took pictures with
biblical animals found throughout the zoo.
In early November, our DuBow Preschool
children enjoyed a visit from a local petting
zoo, learning about each of the animals and the
importance of taking good care of our fellow
creatures. It was truly a season of the animals.
We look forward to continuing to find new
ways to help bring Torah and Judaism to the
masses in an exciting and educational way.
===== PAGE 71 =====
JEWISH MUSIC MONTH
Maxwell Street
Klezmer Band
On Sunday, January
11, the world renowned
Maxwell Street Klezmer
Band wowed our
community with an
evening of music and
dancing. Based out of
Chicago, the group
brought tons of energy
that excited over 300
synagogue members.
The music ranged
from Klezmer to Old
Standards to Israeli Folk
songs. One of the highlights of the evening
was watching the crowd mesmerized by
the artistry of every musician. The band
captivated the audience with their spirit and
sound. You could see the gratitude on the
faces of everyone in the room. This concert
was generously underwritten by Jeff and
Doris Goldstein, to which we owe a debt of
thanks!
I
Ani V’ata Shabbat Shira
Superbowl weekend was kicked off by a wonderful Shabbat of A Capella music featuring Ani V’ata, the premier
Jewish A Capella group of New York University. Hazzan Holzer, as a group alumnus, invited this large ensemble
of 18 members to visit Jacksonville for our second ever A Capella shabbaton. Our Setzer Youth and their families
enjoyed a ruach filled Friday night
service and dinner. The group split
into smaller clusters to help facilitate
our Shabbat morning davening
experiences throughout the building.
The trip culminated with our annual
Torah Fund experience honoring
Robin Morris, a music lover in her
own right. The group, in honoring
Robin, packed our social hall as they
shared their musical interpretations
of everything from the classics to
contemporary Israeli pop.
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
ápi
5ÜSÉI
PURIM
Purim is always a wonderful celebration full of creative costumes,
food, silly shpiel’s and lively megillan reading. On March 4, the
evening began with a congregational dinner before the festivities.
The Purim Shpielers performed an exciting and entertaining Purim
Shpiel entitled “The Grogger Awards.” Clips of hilarious award
categories were dispersed throughout the evening’s program.
Our shpielers worked tirelessly to create unique and hilarious
parody moments through live performances and pre-recorded
video. Following the shpiel was the traditional congregation
megillah reading. In celebration of Purim, the Galinsky Academy
PTA planned a Sunday afternoon Purim carnival and art auction.
Families of all ages enjoyed the games, inflatables, food and a
musical performance by Koltrain.
===== PAGE 73 =====
éttk
k,: *'1
"""i
MINYANNAIRES SHABBAT
Marco Rand
Minyannaire of the Year
Minyannaires Shabbat, celebrated on March
14th recognized our minyan participants. It
was an opportunity for the congregation to
learn about why people attend and what they
have experienced as a “regular”. It allowed our
members to see who attends on a specific day. It
was also a day to show pride for the 115 years of
our minyan, and our members that have made it
such a special experience.
As part of Minyannaires Shabbat it was decided
that we would create an annual award for the
Minyannaire of the Year, and select someone
Who served as an example to all those that
attend minyan. Criteria was set that the honoree
would show leadership, participate in services
and assist others in being able to lead and
follow along, and show a true commitment to
our congregations minyan. For the inaugural
honoree, the committee was proud to select
Marco Rand.
Marco grew up in New York. He received his BA from Queens (¡Ulege and his dental
degree from the University of Pennsylvania. AHif serving in the Air Force, Marco moved to
Jacksonville to start what became his life’s work at the Veterans Administration Outpatient
minie,eventually serving as the clinic’s Dental Unit Chief; He has also served as an assistant
professor at the University of Florida College of Dentistry. Marco grew in his religious life
after his move to Jacksonville. He is a long time member of our board and has served on
the education and religious committees. He served as chair of the religious committee from
2003-2(S}5 and stil-Lsits on the committee. He developed the skills necessary to lead services,
chant the haftorah and read the Torah, something he does each year on Rosh Hashanah. He
made the decision to attend minyan soon after his children graduated from school. He adjusted
his schedule at work so he could attend the Friday morning service. He evolved from a new
attendee, to a “regular” and eventually assumed the role as the minyan captain. Marco is very
proud that over the fifteen years he has been a minyan participant, he shares tbÉ experience
with good reliable people that will (almost) always be there for Friday morning minyan.
w-vr*.
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
JEWISH HOLIDAYS, 2015 -16
Erev Rosh Hashanah
September 13,2015
Purim
March 24,2016
Rosh Hashanah
September 14-15,2015
First Seder
April 22,2016
Kol Nidrai
September 22,2015
Pesach
April 23-30,2016
Yom Kippur
September 23,2015
Yom HaShoah
May 5,2016
Erev Sukkot
September 27,2015
Yom HaZikaron
May 11,2016
Sukkot
Sept. 28-Oct. 4,2015
Yom HaAtzma’ut
May 12,2016
Shmini Atzeret
October 5,2015
Lag B’Omer
May 26,2016
Simchat Torah
October 6,2015
Yom Yerushalayim
June 5,2016
1st night of Chanukah
December 6,2015
Erev Shavuot
June 11,2016
Chanukah
December 7-14,2015
Shavuot
June 12-13,2016
Tu B’Shvat
January 25,2016
Tish’a B’Av
August 14,2016
Erev Purim
March 23,2016
Tu B’Av
August 19,2016
72
===== PAGE 75 =====
C^E3KEEn^^SI|
Best Wishes
to Everyone for
a Happy Healthy; Sweet
New Year
VShanah Tovah
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Minia & Sophie
.Ml .1 I ■ I I M I
===== PAGE 76 =====
MAY THE JOMUL SOUND
OF THE SHQFAR WELCOME
IN A NEW MAR OF HEALTH,
HAPPINE^ll0}GHTER AND LOVE
The Selevan Family
Jack & Susan
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marcf Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
===== PAGE 77 =====
“Heri Ya Mwaka Mpya”.....L,Shanah Tovah
Wishing you a sweet
New Year in all languages!
The Zimmerman Family
===== PAGE 78 =====
15SSESE35!^^QDfflE3ESSBk
Best Wishesfor a
Happy & Heathly New Year
Laurie & Linda DuBow
l| Susan & Shira
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie
Best^Yishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Ghrrett & Lauren
Bradley, Joshua & Samantha
===== PAGE 79 =====
Good Health, Happiness & Peace
to You and Yours
Throughout the Year
I
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
VShanah Tovah
Drs. Jeffrey & llene Levenson
Annie Levenson, MD & Peter Ganong
Brian & Eric Levenson
77
===== PAGE 80 =====
Healthy & Happy New Year
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Michael, Lauren & Jeremy Setzer
Benjanün^Melanie, George & Zachary Setzer
Faye, Ari & Noa Schuchman
Mav tlm&mifitg Year
BringtQyoiraM thpdflgssings
of Health, Peace & Joy
The Shor stein F amily
imuttsufsatstn
Best Wishes for a
■i
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
SEZEESSli
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Jack & Trida
Bettman
& Family
Best Wishes
for a Healthy & Happy I
New Year
Merle & Ron Cherry
Marc, Jenny, Ethan
& Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin, Amy & Dylan
L’Shanah Tovah
Wishing you a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Happy New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Harriet & Ernie Brodsky
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Jodi & Andrew Shapiro
Ansley & Ashton Brodsky
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Gail & Paul Furman
Liza & Perry Kale
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Nathan, Diane
Elizabeth, Emily
& Laura Goldman
Happy New Year
from our new home in
Los Angeles. We will
miss all of our
Jacksonville friends.
Jeff & Doris Goldstein
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
JVew Year
Renee & Alan Jordon
Ronnie & Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natalie
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Elbe Claire
Dana, Jack & Georgia
===== PAGE 83 =====
Best Wishes on a ^
Happy & Healthy
New Year/M
The
Gottlieb Family
L’Shanah Tovah
jffVe wish all our friends
* & relatives a Happy
& Healthy New Year !
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
May the Coming Year
Bring ^¡fy0®y '%
May we all be
& Happiness
inscribed in
Good HealthS? Peace
the ¡§ook of Life
\ The Horovitz Family
USHanahmm’ah
Bruce & Edith ¿
Janet & Don Kriss
1 Sam, Heather & Belief
Max & Mindy
- ,
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
mmm arn
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
—High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
A Year of Peace &
Blessing to all the Members
of the Center Family
nnts na?
Shanah Tovah
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan
Avichai, Elior
& Itamar Lubliner
A very Happy &
Healthy New Year to
Rabbi Lubliner & family
Rabbi Tilman & family and
Hazzan Holzer & family and
to the entire congregation
Barbara Parker
Jeffrey & Debbie Parker & Family
Dr. Larry & Stacie Wilf & Family
i Our Best Wishes for a
Wishing Everyone a
Healthy & Happy
Very Happy & Healthy
New Year
New Year
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
\ Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
& Mallory Blum
Ben & Leo Linsky
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Jennie, Mark &
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
| Chandler Rose Gailey
& Ethan Plotkin
82
===== PAGE 85 =====
SSuEh^BBSSSSBIi
há&n mm
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew, Dede & Antia Lily
William Edward
Morry & Rachel
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi & Louis
Sara & Brian Binder
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Janet & Michael
Scharf
Best Wishes for a
L’Shanah Tovah
Healthy & Happy
Tikatavu
New Year
Michael & Barbara
Schneider
Alan & Ellen
Lisa & Stefanie
Rachel & Jesse
Ivy, Joshua & Nathan
Adam & Lauren
JackWeingram
Gabe Rosner
83
===== PAGE 86 =====
B9HB&3BEE39XE5Í
Best Wishes for a
Healthy &
Happy New Year
Mary & Leonard Selber
and Family
Our Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Judy & Stephen Silverman
Jessica, David, Lexi &
Aidan Silverman
Risa, Ari, Ruby, Peri
& Marco Silverman
Best Wishes for a
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
Happy & Healthy
New Year
New Year
Ellen & Barry Setzer
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
Dena & Jason Rosen
Josh & Carly
1
84
===== PAGE 87 =====
Wishing Everyone
a Happy & Healthy
New Year
L’Shanah Tovah
Greg & Barbara Arnold
UShanah Tovah
Rexine, Charles
& Asher Trager
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
For the New Year
& Always...
Health, Happiness
& Peace
to You & Yours
The Weitzen Family
Jerry & Dianne
Michael, Mangala
Maya & Joseph
¡ Leah, Dm, Skye & Conor Seymour
| Mandy & Jeremy, Ellie Harris
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
LaVerne & Andrew Cantor
Adam & Megan Cantor, Sara &
Dimitri Kavalieros
Ayden, Elliot, Theodore & Benjamin
Happy New Year
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
Jodi & Andrew Shapiro
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth
Emily & Laura Goldman
85
===== PAGE 88 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley, Izabella & Max
Brian, Amy, Charlotte & Parker
Peace
May it fill our Hearts
our Homes and our World 1
Maxene & Marvin Gillman 1
May You All Have a Year of
Health, Happiness & Peace
Robin2 Scott. Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
( Stacy, Manny* JEthan.Samuel
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina & Richard Buckman
Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
Jamal
Best Wishes for a Year |
Filled with Health
Happiness & Peace
Larry & Phyllis Goldberg
Cara & Larry Grossman
Emily, Erik, Hannah & Ethan Rostholder 1
Our Best Wishes
for Good Health and
A Happy New Year
Phyllis & Bob Fischer
| Lori, Nir, & Hannah Bronholc
A Happy; Healthy
& Peaceful New Year
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
Sincere Wishes for a Healthy
Happy Ne\1 Year
Jerry Funk
Amy, Jordan &
Abbie Petersen
Best Wishes for a
Peaceful &
Healthy New Year
The Krestul Family
86
===== PAGE 89 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
Jan & Bruce Lipsky
Jessie & Rusty Felter
Emma & Eric Dreyer
LShanah Tovah
Kathy, Morrie & Ashley Lois Osterer
Natalie, Eli, Esther Shira
Simcha Leah, Batya Yaela & Shlomo
Ovadia Menaged
Jessica, Victor, Shayna Yvette & Joseph Dov Hassid
Melissa, Doug & Beryl Nathan Storch
May the Blessings of Healthy Joy
and Peace be with us throughout
this New Year of5776.
Sylvia Lubliner
and Family
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Sandy, Joanne, & Jillian
Rosenberg
Lindsay & Justin
Mastrangelo
Whitney & Ross Howayeck
Wishing You a Sweet
& Healthy New Year
Drew, Michelle
& Gabrielle Margol
Wishing “ALL” a sweety
healthy; peaceful year
Ina & Alan Taffet
Wishing you the
Sweetness of a New Year
L’Shanah Tovah
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
WishingyoUy your Family
& Friends a Wonderful
Warm & Fulfilling New Year
t’Shanah Tovah
The Schoettlers
Lori, Kyle, Katie, Josh & Lady
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
Best Wishes for a Healthy
& Happy New Year
George Strumlauf
Ross Strumlauf
Melissa & Lane Strumlauf
Brooke, Faith & Hunter
Beth & Daryl Walter
Noah & Jessee
( Wishing Everyone a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Nancw& Seeman
Zimmerman
Cara, Justin & Riley
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Our
Friends, Family & Havurah
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
Best Wishes for the New Year
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, & Marcus
Heather & Adam Davidoff
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
t Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Robin & Daniel Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
* Be§t Wishes to All Our Friends
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
Happy New Year
Anita, Jeffrey & Jessica
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy Eli
& Gabriella Eden Zucker
Andrea, Daisy Fay, Stella Rachel, Jeremy Muzin
Best Wishesfor a Happy é* Healthy New Year
Anita Dittman
Ricky & Elaine Mack
Gary & Arlene Schwartz
Mark, Erica, Asher & Owen Gottlieb
Lauren & Travis Devine
A Happy & HealmyNew Year
Sandy & Bobbi Edelstein
Mindy & Rachel Whaley
===== PAGE 91 =====
yX^^SHiRSlk
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben & Pat Frisch & Family
May the Coming Year be a Happy One
for You & Yours
Marilyn & Mike Mass
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year/ ;,
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
VShanah Tovah
f Faye, Steven, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Good Health & Happiness
Carole Goldberg & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Robin, Jeffery, Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron, Noa, Vered & Eitan Byron Stember 1
Best Wishes for a Healthy
Peaceful dg Successful New Year
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Goldstein & Maiman Families
Kristen, Lee, Mischa & Aaron Pollock
VShanah Tovah
Annetta Kornblum
| Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
\ Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh & Tara Kornblum
Wishing You a Year of Good Health
Happiness, Contentment & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Health & Hapjffltk
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
TShanah Tovah
Dr. Elias Rosenblatt
Warmest Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Barbara & Bennie Margol
Wishing You a Yeaf ofGood
Health & Peace
George & Ellen Rubens
Joshua, Cara, Jacob, Zachary & Levi
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly 1
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
Wishing You a Healthy
& Happy New Year
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
Wishing you a happy and healthy new year 1
The Wolfson Family
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex, Jared Sc Ally
May the Coming Year bring you Joy jM||
Happiness, Good Health & Peace'Jk
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
Wishing Your Family a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Beth, Howie, Evan
Andrew & Emma Wolpoff
For the New Year & Always',
Health, Happiness & Peace
Dr. Kenneth, Sheryl & Elizabeth Sekine
Joshua, Emilie; Naomi Paige &
Henry Benjamin Sekine
Sarah & Sam Feller
Alexander Robert Feller
L’Shanah Tovah
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Harold & Rita Baumgarten & Family
L’Shanah Tovah Tikatavu
L’Shanah Tovah
Vera Benjamin
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Happy New Year
Marsha Berdit & Family
Wishingpur Family andFriends
a Heathy, Happy, Peaceful
r Shanah Tovah from
Linda & Philip Bloom, Lauren & Gregg Wishna,
Sasha & Charlie Gibbons
& Prosperous New Year
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
Wishing You a Healthy & Happy New Year
Naomie & Bob Bossen
r-r—
WisJvmg:w^fim:a
Happy & Healthy New Year \
Edíward, Millie
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
fm
Ruchel Broadman & Family
P^^m^áimHealthy New Year
Becky Bromberg
Wishing You 9 Fruitful Year
full of love, happirie^tmd peace ,
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
I Sam, Eric, Kiley, Rachael, Shea & Hilda Warfield
A Happy & Healthy New Year tó all Opr Fellow Congregants 1
Allan & Kathy Cohen
- Wishing everyone a happy ahijtealthy new year
Jerrold & Mary Cohn
L’Shanah Tovah
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
I Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
1 Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
1 ’ ’
4 WmingFveryonM fflÜthy, Happy étí Peaceful New Year
Sandi Driben
A Happy And Peaceful New Year
Sue, Fred, Mitch, Brett & Emily Eaglstein
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Martin & Betty Edwards & Family
Happy New Year
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Happy New Year from Our Family to Yours!
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline & Amelia Emas
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hy Kliman & Family
VShanah Tovah to All
Heather, Lenny, Jeremy, David & Shira Ferman
Peace, Good Health & Happiness for the New Year
Jack Koolik
Wishing Everyone a Sweet Nef Year -.¡j
Etta Fialkow
1 Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Jason, Lauren, Natalie & Nathan Rubin
Happy and Healthy New Ymr
Elaine Furman & Family
A Happy, Healthy New Year
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
YffShanah Tovah
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
Wishing peace, health, and laughter for the new year
Stacy, Jeff, Sydney, Jagger & Jayden Leach
Happy New Year
Bonnie Gelman
Happy New Year
Richard & Tammy Lesnik & Family
Best Wishes For A Happy And Happy New Year
Annette Grauer
New Year s Greetings
Kal & Judith Levinson
L’ShanahTovah
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jeff & Penny Marks
A Happy é Healthy New Year
May Grann & Family
Happy New Year
Edna Morton Maltz & Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Faye, Dan, Milly & Ellen Hedrick
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
Best Wishes follé Happy & Healthy New Year í
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
. ¿ Happy New Year
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg & Sharon Michaels
k’Shanah tovah
The Kaminsky Family
Herb, Amy, Bella & Steven
Happy New Ymr
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Dena, Jonathan, Debra, Sara, Bruce, Tali & Jonah
Best Wishes for a Heamymw Year:
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
VShanah Tovah u ‘ Metuka
Ken, Peggy & David Organes
Rachel & Will Kenneth
Happy Healthy New Year!
Harriett & Sheldon Kaplan & Family
r L’Skanahlovah u ‘Aktuka
Barbara & Philip Pakula
Wishing You a New Year filled with many
Blessings of Peace, Health & Happiness
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
91
===== PAGE 94 =====
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
A Happy, Healthy & Peaceful New Year to All
Harry & Dot Verstandig
Happiness, Peace & Good Health
Ron & Lita Poehlman
I -
Best Wishesfor a Happy & Healthy New Year
Sumner & Joan Waitz
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Yearjs
Arlene, Jerry, Jason & Ingrid Rademan
Alyssa, Matthew, Ella & Brandon Siegel
BWi's/iing You a Sweet & Healthy New Year
Todd, Lara, Griffith & Alana Werwa
Happy & Healthy New Year ^
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
Best Wishesfor a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Best Wishesfor a Happy & Healthy New Year
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin, George & Zachary Setzer
Best Wishes for a Happy&Healthy New Year
Devon, Perrin, Avi & Micah Rubin
Dr. Mark & Roz Abramson and Family
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler and Family
Jordan Ansbacher
Brian & Judie Benwick
Ed Bernard
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Cynthia W. Disher and Family
Donald & Roberta Edelman
Arlene Faracchio
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Yakov Feig, Denise Sherman, Joshua & Anna
Michael, Beth, Ariella, Joshua Fleet & Dorielle Parker 1
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Rose Goldberg
Sol & Hilda Goldman
May This New Year Brin0kppiness & Peace to You
& ThoseYouLove
Frances Schemer & Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Priscilla, David, Jason & Matthew Schmerer
Happy New Year
Marvih & Bea Sherman & Family
Best Wismjf|i a Happy $ Healthy New Year
I Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim, Palia, Dana & Ross Shmunes
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Maura, Alex, Hannah & Joel Silverstein
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Family & Friend$
Doris & Fred Singer
Best Wishes for a Healthy&Happy New Year
Carole & Barry Sinoff
Best Wishesfor a Peacefunkw Year
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearmán *
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben Talpalar & Family
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
Diane Greenbaum & Allen Gray
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford and Family
Roz Hecht
Wendy Honigman and Family
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Mimi & Marty Kaufman and Family
Sylvia Kraemer
Dorothy S. Legum
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Phyllis Paul Lewis and Family
Carol & Harvey Matoren
Clara & Milton Mann
Hilda Mazo and Family
Lillian Meizlik
Judith B. Mizrahi
Leon Robins and Family
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
William Rose
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth and Family
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga and Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer and Family
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Ann & Leon Silke and Family
Leah Solomon
Lynn Sussman
Rose Tincher
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Tompkins
Sandra Weiss and Family
Carole Wolpin
Elsie Yellin
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
VIIJ FT A & SHUTS
Certified Public Accountants
www. VillelaShilts. com
Villela & Shilts LLC
4600 Touchton Road East
Bldg, 100, Suite 150
Jacksonville, FL 32246"s.:
Phone (954) 805-1822
Have a Happy & Healthy New Year!!!
94
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 97 =====
Shalom!
&
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Debby Kaye
The Galinsky Academy provides Jewish children
of all ages, from infancy to high school graduation,
the highest quality education. Comprised of DuBow
Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, and Setzer
Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy embodies
the commitment that all of our children I regardless of
the path their parents choose - benefit from the finest
teachers, an engaged clergy, the most cutting-edge curriculum and technology.
Our schools teach respect for the diversity of Jewish practice. The Galinsky
Academy is a place for Jews, regardless of background, to come together around a
shared heritage. The Galinsky Academy not only provides innovative educational
programs; it engages a diverse student and parent community. We are truly a family
of families, a community of learners, representing a wide range of Jewish practices, commitments, and beliefs.
In a way, we are a laboratory of Klal Yisrael, the broader, complete Jewish community of Jacksonville.
One of my goals this past year was to integrate our marketing, development, and recruitment functions in
order to create an educational institution that would have an even larger “presence” outside of the building. I
wanted us to attract families, as well as donors, thought partners, and “investors.” I wanted our schools to be seen
by as many people as possible as making a contribution to the larger community, improving the world through
our graduates. Well, we did it! Our enrollments are up, our fundraising is up, and there is plenty of buzz around
the community. This is the place to be!
In the coming year we will work to further align all schools, programs, and goals under one common vision,
creating synergies that strengthen the impact on all of our children, preschool through high school. Not many
congregations have the level of staffing, programs, and resources necessary to accomplish this. We do! Staff,
parents, volunteers are all welcome to be a part of this important project. May we all grow m ’chayil 1 ’chayil, from
strength to strength in the coming year.
My wife Marci and I wish you all a Shanah Tovah U’metukah.
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Schools
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
L’DOR V’DOR ANNUAL GIVING CAMPAIGN
The Galinsky Academy of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is dedicated to high educational standards and traditional
Jewish values. The schools and programs of the Academy’s
DuBow Preschool, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, Bernard &
Alice Selevan Religious School, and Setzer Youth Education
strive to create an educational environment where children
and teens love being Jewish.
L’dor V’dor
The Galinsky Academy’s annual giving campaign, L’Dor
V’Dor, brings exceptional opportunities to the participants of
the four schools and programs thanks to the support of our many donors. Through a campaign
process of communication throughout the academic year, the entire community is given the
opportunity to be involved in the L’Dor V’Dor campaign and support the Academy’s mission
and vision.
===== PAGE 99 =====
On April 14, the Galinsky Academy held its annual donor appreciation event, “We Are Many,
But We Are One,” Supporters were invited to join together for a breakfast in the morning or
dessert in the evening. It was an opportunity for donors to see the impact their dollars make
and to say thank you fof'lifíesting in the future of the Jackson#||e Jewish Center’s youth. The
program highlighted students from throughout the Galinsky Academy.
===== PAGE 100 =====
insky Academy
EDUCATIONAL MILESTONES
MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB DAY SCHOOL CONSECRATION FEBRUARY 7, 2015
Ashton Brodsky, Kagan Gould, Sophia Hilbert, Elie Hill, Kyra Jaffa, Gabriel Kaye, Maytal Mitzmacher, Remy
Sadowsky, Samuel Schuster, Adrielle Schwartz, Itamar Socher, Elizabeth Teitelbaum, Lillian Watsky, Alana
Werwa, Andrew Wolpoff
HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL SIYYUM CONFIRMATION MAY 16, 2015
Harrison Andrew, Michael Appel, Jenna Levine, Sarah Miller, Micah Rubin
98
===== PAGE 101 =====
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
Havurah in Hebrew: is a small group of like-minded
Jews who assemble to share communal experiences.
The 2015-16 PTA Board would like to WELCOME our new and returning families to
the Galinsky Academy PTA “Havurah.” The PTA is comprised of every parent/guardian,
teacher, and staff member of our schools. Together we help build the Galinsky Academy
community while supporting our children. Planning has already begun to provide a great
variety of new and exciting programs for the coming year. There will be opportunities for
every PTA member to participate in creating these wonderful memories. Whether you are a
parent in the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School, the DuBow Preschool, the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School, Setzer Youth Education (or all four) your participation is welcome and
needed.
Our one hour meetings (PTA Happy Hour) will be held on alternate Sunday and
Wednesday mornings to accommodate all families. This is a great opportunity to hear about
what’s going on, get involved or simply be social. Stay connected via our website galinskyacademy.org/pta
This year we invite you to participate in our new, community building programming. From family campouts to
community service projects to Shabbat meals, there is something for everyone. Volunteer needs throughout the school
year include: weekly Shabbat boxes & Challah sale; holiday celebrations, Scholastic book fair, Box Tops for Education,
Vision Screening and more. We encourage you to reach out to one of our board members to get involved. Just match
your talents and interests to an event or program and let us know.
PTA Officers
Natalie Dayan
Cindy Handmaker
Faye Hedrick
Tracy Hilbert
Galit Hill
Amy Kaminsky
Simon Schuster
Melanie Setzer
Falyn Shilts
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
Shereen Canady
Director
LEARNING THAT IS MEANINGFUL
Raise up a child in the way he should go,
Even when he is old he will not depart from it.
Proverbs 22:6
■k
The DuBow Preschool is BUZZING With Activity!
A child’s early years are the most formative. What a child experiences
before age 5 becomes the foundation for thinking patterns, value
structures and ways of viewing the world into adulthood. The DuBow
Preschool partners with families to ensure each child’s earliest years are filled with
engaging play, exciting discoveries, loving teachers, laughter and friendship.
DuBOW
PRESCHOOL
The DuBow Preschool offers many opportunities for children and families to explore
Jewish traditions and customs and build a sense of Jewish identity in a fun way through
engaging family programs and an excellent preschool experience.
Chair - Natalie Dayan
The mission of our preschool for 74 years has been to offer a supportive, creative, safe,
enriching, and developmentally appropriate environment for the youngest members of
the community. Challenging our students to stretch their unique potential, we’ve created
a place to grow towards majority and independence. Our goal is to work with our families, to provide a first school
experience that instills a joyful, solid foundation and a love of being Jewish. Our families are invited to share in our
weekly Shabbat celebrations and in our many wonderful programs which include a Thanksgiving program, Hannukah
program, model seders, Mother’s Day Tea and more.
When choosing the DuBow Preschool, families are choosing not only a unique early childhood program, but also
a loving community. The children benefit from an exceptional program led by committed and experienced staff
including preschool professionals, clergy, and specially trained teachers. Our beautiful preschool, playgrounds,
gardens are just the beginning. We are blessed to be housed in the Jacksonville Jewish Center and to be part of the
Galinsky Academy, which provide us with an excellent facility rich in shared resources.
You are invited to take a peek at what we are doing by visiting our website at www.dubowpreschool.org, or scheduling
a personal tour.
On behalf of my faculty, and my daughters Cayla and Julia, I wish you a Shanah Tovah Umetuka, a good and sweet
new year.
Shereen Canady
Dina Kirshbaum
Administrative
Assistant
Robin Morris Michelle Margol Alyse Santana
Judaica Teacher Judaica Teacher PE Specialist
Zina Levitsky
Music
Teacher
Amanda Watsky
Exploration & Discovery
Program Coordinator
mmi
100
===== PAGE 103 =====
PLAYTIME AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
Doobonim
Katherine Morris
Billie McNett
Levi B.
Richmond C.
Tali W.
Rena H.
Bryce K.
Rowan M.
Bethenny Z.
Yael Z.
Not Pictured -
Shira A.
Sebastian C.
Abigail H.
Daniel M.
Kiya M.
Tzavim
Amanda Watsky
JackH.
Valencia C.
Jonathan H.
Lily S.
Not Pictured -
Emma B., Max K., Abigail M., Eva S., and Irit Salzman
Kofim
Amy Kish
MeUssa Vanhoof
Dillon E.
Tmman G.
Ariella P.
Samara P.
Hannah R.
NikkiS.
Zach S.
Joshua W.
Not Pictured -
DJB.,MillyH., Naomi P.
102
===== PAGE 105 =====
Parparim 1
Maryanne Bush
Janet Kriss
Andi S.
Simon D.
Noam S.
Zachai S.
Emma W.
Madison H.
Not Pictured -
Leah J.
Owyn C.
Mayer M.
Joseph S.
Aaron R.
Lela L.,
Tzeeporim I
Robin Vitiello
Silvia Cavin
Sophia A.
Madyson B.
Teagan C.
Reba G.
Barret H.
Logan H.
Sadie K.
Julianna L.
Andrewsha M.
Anna M.
Elianah M.
Arseniy R
Tavi S.
Parparim II
Gabrielle Margol
Mariya Tesler
Isabel B.
Naomi C.
Liam F.
lian G.
Ronald M.
Isabel K.
Sarah S.
Daniel T.
Not Pictured -
Alex H., Nikita R.
Tzeeporim II
Lisa Zavon
Carolyn Kershaw
Kennedy B.
Isaac G.
Tobey H.
Sophie H.
Levi K.
Ben L.
Eva M.
Mara R.
Jordyn S.
Kenny S.
Zach S.
Not Pictured -
Sam R., Eli K.
103
===== PAGE 106 =====
FAMILY PROGRAMMING
DuBow Preschool’s Family Programming offers families with little ones many opportunities throughout the year
to play, learn and build lasting friendships. There may be no more special time in the lives of young Jewish families
than time spent together - singing, playing, reading stories, celebrating Shabbat and holidays, making friends and
building community.
The Shalom Baby classroom is a busy, happy place where parents, grandparents, babies and toddlers meet to
socialize, discuss parenting topics and celebrate Shabbat. Each class offers songs, stories, circle time, crafts, special
visitors and hot topic discussions. Our program is free and open to the Jewish community. It is our hope to bring
together families during this precious time of life. Many friendships have begun in the last nine years of our program
and they continue to grow and deepen.
Family Music & Movement classes incorporate songs with movement and various hand held instruments.
Classes are mixed-age (birth-age 5) which is a wonderful way to learn for babies and children. This class meets
weekly in the DuBow Preschool and is led by Emily Carpenter. Ms. Emily is a mother of three, and has traveled the
world both as a singer and character clown on cruise ships and with Cirque du Soleil. She loves helping children
explore their world through music and movement, www.familymusicandmovement.com
www.facebook.com/familymusicandmovement
Color Splash is a parent and me sensory class designed for parents and children to have hands-on exposure
to varying textures, smells, and tastes in an environment that encourages learning through experience. The class is
designed to focus on one color each week, teaching and reinforcing vocabulary and overall language development.
This class is recommended for children aged 10 months to 3.5 years old. Children participate in a structured schedule
of a short circle time with songs, independent exploration of various materials to awaken the senses, snack, and story
time. Find information regarding the class on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/colorsplashclass or contact
colorsplashclass @ gmail .com.
Stroller Workout is a new class for the stroller crowd and it starts this Fall! Get fit, stay fit, while enjoying an
hour with other moms. Look for this new Parent & Me class offered by DuBow Preschool. Keep in the loop at www.
facebook.com/strollerworkout
Sundays at the Park, Holiday Programs & Gan Shabbat are wonderful places to meet new friends, learn
Jewish songs, stories and traditions and to experience Jewish life. Monthly happenings are shared in the Jacksonville
Jewish Center Mah Koreh and the DuBow Preschool website www.dubowpreschool.org
For more details on any of these wonderful programs for you and your little ones, contact Shereen Canady at
268-4200 ext. 143.
===== PAGE 107 =====
EXTENDED DAY IS FILLED WITH FUN!
The Galinsky Academy is proud to provide an excellent before and after school program for children ages one
through twelve. We offer outstanding winter and spring break camps as well as fun, active, and enriching days when
school is not in session.
“Breakfast Club” - We open at 7 am each morning to greet our kids, allowing parents to get to work on time. Many
of the kids eat breakfast with friends then socialize, play or study until school begins.
6 pm Monday - Thursday and 5:30 pm on Fridays. We strive to provide the
are assured of a safe, healthy, and happy environment for their children. We
have designed our program to offer both educational and social enrichment.
Parents can feel comfortable knowing their children are interacting with peers,
participating in fun and engaging indoor and outdoor activities.
Our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School elementary students, who join us
after school have a supervised daily homework and study period, snack, and
outdoor sports and activities.
llllls
m
mSw
105
===== PAGE 108 =====
Minuteman
|¥ess ;
fg The First 8k Last Step In Printing.
□I'O □ □ □ □ □ D o □ a a n = •- " • •-
pvaBBBDDapoaDaai ■ «.j . _
| o p www.mmpjax.com \ email: sales@mmpjax.com
" ¡fifi “ “innHHBr ~ ~
Gppi^|rP^/V7; MAIL
AND P00M§NAL PRODUCTS
Online Ordering • Variable Data • Newsletters
Wide Format Posters and Signs
Doorhangers • Postcards
, Letterheads ¿Envelopes • Flyers
and much, much more!
■4185 SUNBEAM ROAD « SUITE 100
□ JACKSONVILLE, FL 32257 v
jg * gI m.^SRtW.;733.5578
o PAXp904¡ 733.6568
106
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 109 =====
1
AN EXCITING TIME FOR THE DAY SCHOOL
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Jennie DeBardeleben
What is the purpose of a Jewish Day School?
To educate “world-changers” for a changing world.
How do we do that? By instilling a set of qualities, tools, and
values - a mind-set; a skill set, and a set of commitments -
that will continue our mission of improving the world now,
as well as anticipating what will be needed in decades to
come.
Specifically, we want students today, tomorrow, in ten
and twenty years to...
• Engage the world • Surround themselves with people
• Think critically on the same journey
• Own their Jewish identity • Have hutzpah
• Know how to get things done • Be role models
• Know how to get beyond obstacles • Be mentsches
and failure • Seek justice^ and...
• Have a vision of what is good • Be eternally dissatisfied
• Be healthy, strong, and positive with the status quo.
#
*1*
Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
1
Last year we went a long way towards achieving our goals. Our middle school students continued their
| weekly Mitzvah Program trips, and all of our students were involved in a variety of Tzedakah programs. In
II terms of academics, our standardized test scores were in the high 90’s, and all of our graduating 8th graders
were admitted to the private, public, magnet, and academically elite programs to which they applied.
I Our Knesset (Student Government) showed great leadership in the events they planned. Many of them
j were also leaders in the synagogue’s youth programs.
In terms of meeting the needs of all of our students, we were blessed with the resources of Jewish Family &
i Community Services, who provided us with a special education teacher and a Guidance Counselor. We believe
that making each and every child successful academically and emotionally creates a positive and productive
l school community. We are also grateful to our community partners, Jewish Federation of Jacksonville and I
i Jewish Foundation of Northeast Honda, for their continued commitment to Jewish education in our community.
; Shanah tovah from our families to yours!
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of
Middle School
Nancy Davis
Institutional
Advancement Coordinator
Sarah Zakikhani
Administrative
Assistant
Robyn
Sabatt-Waring
Executive
Assistant
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
1 ■■
O
QC
tliilliSill
in
¡9
rasa
MU
pw
Ml
W
MM
n
h
I flu
uup
NH
|fp«
MiSn
Hjd
Wa
pwjj
MM
NB
(tM*)
■J
===== PAGE 111 =====
o
V©
===== PAGE 112 =====
CLASSES OF 2014-2015
Kindergarten-Gan
Teachers:
Arlene Yegelwel
Ali Kay
Edith Horovitz
Students:
Eli Dayan
Chava Donohoe
Jacob Espel-
Richards
Mason Gridley
Daniel Levitsky
Joseph Morgenthal
Itamar Ohayon
Aaron Raccah-
Marquez
Hank Shapiro
Avner Tzabari
Vivi Weil
Eli Zagagi
Brennan Zaner
Colvin Zimmerman
First Grade-
Kitah Alef
Teachers:
Pam Lewis
Shannon McVearry
Robin Morris
Hanna Bendit
Students:
Ashton Brodsky
Kagan Gould
Sophia Hilbert
Elie Hill
Kyra Jaffa
Gabriel Kaye
Maytal Mitzmacher
Remy Sadowsky
Samuel Schuster
Adrielle Schwartz
Itamar Socher
Elizabeth Teitelbaum
Lillian Watsky
Alana Werwa
Andrew Wolpoff
110
===== PAGE 113 =====
CLASSES OF 2014-2015
Second Grade-
Kitah Bet
Teachers:
Amy Stein
Robyn Freedman
Rivka Cohen
Students:
Zoe Carpenter
Brian Charpiat
Elizabeth Finelt
Brooke Gridley
Owen Gutovitz
Sadie Handmaker
Zachariah Hoff
Micah Jaffa
Morgan Nathans
Efrat Ohayon
Charles Resnick
Noam Tzabari
Blake Zaner
Third Grade-
Kitah Gimmel
Teachers:
Seth Carpenter
Stefani Lesser
Liat Walker
Students:
Maria Bezverkh
Lily Davis
Lucy Gould
Jacob Gross
Samuel Kaplan
Maya Letts
Madelyn Millrood
Jacob Morgenthal
Jacob Rutansky
Jett Scharf
George Setzer
Elliana Tesler
Evan Wolpoff
Talia Zagagi
Fourth Grade-
Kitah Dalet
Teachers:
Andrea Hernandez
Eherin Fennell
Rivka Cohen
Students:
Daniel Bubis
Courtney Charpiat
Isaac Davis
Josh DeBardeleben
Anna Feig
Eva Gridley
Dorothy Handmaker
Moti Hill
Ava Jaffa
Moses Jaffa
Alisa Margulis
Eliana Mitzmacher
Ariel Ohayon
Elizabeth Rutansky
Saylor Scharf
Nadav Socher
Aleeya Spector
Mason Teitelbaum
111
===== PAGE 114 =====
CLASSES OF 2014-2015
Fifth Grade-
Kitah Hay
Teachers:
Michelle Lewis
Andrea Hernandez
Liat Walker
Students:
Allie Bielski
Jack Hernandez
Benjamin Davis
Sage Kaye
Nahila Davis
Rose Klein
Julia DeBardeleben
Samantha Letts
Abigail Fixel
Isabell Zhukov
Sixth Grade-Kitah Vav
Homeroom Teacher:
Karianne Jaffa
Students:
Julia Canady
Noah Gutterman
Orli Gutterman
Ayden Israel
Eliana Jaffa
Maiah Jaffa 1
Evan Levy
Jasmine Mail
Zach Mizrahi
Arin Nathans
Elad Ohayon
Emily Teitelbaum
Ariella Tesler
Griffith Werwa
Samantha Zimmerman
112
===== PAGE 115 =====
CLASSES OF 2014-2015
Seventh Grade-
Kitah Zayin
Homeroom Teacher:
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Students:
Jamie Bielski
Rebecca Bubis
Benjamin Chafetz
Elior Lubliner
Itamar Lubliner
Zoe Mail
Gil Sapolsky
Zachary Shainbrown
A’naydah Thomas
Jolie Weiss
Eighth Grade-
Kitah Chet
Homeroom Teacher:
Judy Reppert
Students:
Casey Balotin
Cayla Canady
Sarah Chisholm
Jake Gould
Lily Hernandez
Rachel Levy
Sydney Teitelbaum
113
===== PAGE 116 =====
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Bernard & Alice
SELEVAN
RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
The Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
underwent a very successful transformation this year!
Our 2nd through 5th graders are now joyfully
learning holiday traditions, history, life cycles and Torah
through rotations that we call “Judaism through the Arts”.
Music, technology, literature, cooking and arts and crafts
projects have thoroughly engaged our students beyond
our expectations - indicated by great average daily
attendance rate, higher parent involvement in family
programming, and enthusiastic student endorsement!
Kindergarten and 1st graders enjoy their Sunday school classes, utilizing
many of these same resources in the security of their own self-contained, nurturing
classrooms. Teachers use a healthy mix of modem technology and traditional,
well-loved methods to foster a love of our Jewish culture and enthusiasm for
learning.
Our middle schoolers continue to use the Project Etgar program, which has
proven to be an invaluable curriculum that allows us to easily integrate students
from a wide variety of academic backgrounds. We guide them as they begin to
naturally incorporate their Jewish knowledge and values into their everyday life.
We introduced a new online, interactive Hebrew curriculum this year. We purchased a license for each
student to log in to an individualized site from home at any time; the kids love playing the games and practicing
their Hebrew in this program that accompanies the new “Hebrew Through Prayer” books that are now used
in the classrooms. Teachers have the capability to track each student’s progress directly from the website and
leave comments and personal instructions for each child.
We are proud that our school is innovative and constantly searching for ways to improve. We look
forward to sharing more great ideas and excitement in the coming year.
Wishing y’all a sweet and healthy new year: L’shana Tovah Umetukah,
Lois Tompkins
Director
Co-Chairs -
Faye Mizrahi &
Stacy Leach
Lois B. Tompkins
114
—Ü
===== PAGE 117 =====
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
CLASSES OF 2OI4-2OI5
Kindergarten - Gan
Chloe Baker
Zachary Bomser
Benjamin Bryskin
Jayden Leach
Nina McNett
Leo Rush
Shainah Wiener
Nathan Willens
First Grade - Alef
Evan Harmon
Charles Milian
Noah Orlowski
Molly Rudowitz
Second Grade - Bet
Jake Aronowitz
Avigail Barak
Anna Folstein
Bella Kaminsky
Ben Marmelstein
Scott Miller
Jacob Rubens
Noah Wasserman
Natalie Wawzynski
Ari Willens
Third Grade - Gimel
Hayes Bettman
David Bryskin
Danny Bomser
Dante Gaviglio
Joshua Katz
Ethan Logvinov
Sophia Milian
Abigail Rotenberg
Joel Silverstein
Sara Wasserman
Landon Wawzynski
116
===== PAGE 119 =====
CLASSES OF 2014-2015
Fourth Grade - Dalet
Joseph Folstein
Andrew Herbst
Elad Homsky
Daniel Marmelstein
Brooke Saye
Alexandra Selevan
Brooke Trager
Elli Trager
Lailah Wiener
Ashley Zunic
Fifth Grade - Hay
Dalia Dryden
Noah Bomser
Dustin Sandler
Gabriel Willens
Sixth Grade - Vav
Zachary Rosin-Borrousch
Veronica Bryant
Devin Ewing
Sean Ewing
Julia Grosse
Sydney Herbst
Rebecca Katz
Jagger Leach
Sydney Leach
Josh Miller
Laura Rogovin
Sydni Rudowitz
Eryn Saye
Jacob Selevan
Leah Zimmerman
Jeremy Zaifert
TW‘f- T'lWC! njTjVv
Seventh Grade - Zayin
Jacob Anchel
Eliza Aretz
Benjamin Arnold
Amelia Ernas
Kesha Ewing
Yoni Homsky
Jacob Lansaw
Ethan Levine
Evie Mizrahi
Ethan Plotkin
Alexander Wawzynski
Jonah Willens
117
===== PAGE 120 =====
OUTH LDUCATIO
SETZER
YOUTH EDUCATION
#What an amazing year for Setzer Youth Education!! In our inaugural year,
Setzer Youth Education was able to find its footing and was off and running
p before we knew it. Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts,
/ Hebrew High, Siyyum, Shabbat programming and Camp Ki Tov all came
together under one umbrella, thanks to the generosity of the Setzer family.
This enhanced all of these groups by improving their ties to the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community!
Our youth groups, especially, had an astounding year! Chalutzim had some
great programs, from playing mini-games at Minute to Win It to jumping the
afternoon away at Rebounderz. Kadima went ice skating at the Jacksonville
Ice & Sportsplex and swam like fishes at the End of the Year Pool Party &
Elections in Julington Creek. In March, every one of our paid and registered
8th graders attended the regional Gesher convention, which prepared them
for USY. Our USY chapter had a huge year, winning 7 awards for their awesome programming for events
like. Messy Day, which raised money for Tikkun Olam, to their opening program for the year, Finding USY.
In addition to being one of only four chapters in their Region to win the coveted Chapter of Excellence, award
(which recognizes outstanding programming), our USY chapter also increased their membership over 40%
from last year.
Setzer Youth Education is looking forward to a bright, bright future with BIG changes in line for 2015-
2016 and beyond. First, there are the administrative changes, like monthly Setzer Youth Education staff
meetings, which will keep all of our aforementioned groups on the same page, and expanding the roles
and responsibilities of all of our advisors. Secondly, we’re combining our Kadima/USY and Hebrew High
programming, which will redefine the very essence of our youth group programming. Each and every program
will now feature an educational and/or religious aspect, in addition to the social programming we’ve all come
to love.
Things are looking up, here at
Setzer Youth Education. With the
NEW changes being implemented,
we are ready for Chalutzim, Kadima,
USY, Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts,
Hebrew High, Siyyum, Shabbat
programming and Camp Ki Tov
to all reach new heights! We are
on our way, and we hope all of the
Kindergarten through 12th graders
of our congregation join us!
118
■■■■■■■■■■■I
===== PAGE 121 =====
A MESSAGE FROM THE YOUTH DIRECTOR
Shanah Tovah! May the new year bring us all peace and happiness! As 5775
comes to an end, we are supposed to look back and examine all of the decisions
we made during the past year, while repenting for all of our mistakes or lapses in
judgement. I, for one, am looking forward to 5776 because I think it’s going to prove to
be a very important year for the future of Setzer Youth Education and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. As my first year at the Jacksonville Jewish Center came to a close at
the end of June, I started the aforementioned process, professionally, that we all begin
at High Holidays personally: I reviewed the year, including the things I could have
done better, and began putting plans for the future of Setzer Youth Education into
action. I met with Rabbi Tilman, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Rogozen, in addition to the
Supplemental Schools Committee, and revealed my plans, which were received with a
lot of excitement. If you haven’t heard about them yet, or you have, please allow me to
review a few of them with you now.
For the 2015-2016 youth group year, we will be infusing youth group programming
with Hebrew High lessons, to create an ALL NEW type of programming. Each and
every Kadima and USY program will now have more substance, instead of serving as
I more of a social hour. This will not only teach the Kadimaniks and USYers while they also have fun, but it will allow
the leadership boards (consisting of youth group participants) to develop their leadership skills in running substantial
programming for their peers. I am also looking forward to doing more Setzer Youth Education-wide programming,
I which will include members from all of our groups coming together under one roof, including Boy Scouts, Girl
Scouts, Chalutzim, Kadima and USY. This past summer, I had the amazing opportunity to work very closely with our
Lower Camp Director (and DuBow Preschool Director) Shereen Canady and our Upper Camp Director (and Martin
J. Gottlieb Day School Kindergarten Teacher) Pamela Lewis to implement some changes at Camp Ki Tov, which
(were clear when our first week enrollment was up more than 20% across the board, and I can’t wait to develop more
changes for next summer!
Í Overall, Setzer Youth Education and the Jacksonville Jewish Center are in a fantastic position to bring this
program to new heights and I can’t wait to lead us there. With the stupendous youth leadership that was put into place,
I in addition to the wonderful adult leaders we have, all of our programs are going to soar and I look forward to you all
§ experiencing this amazing ride with me! If you, at any time, have any input for our Youth Department, I urge you to
contact me.. .1 appreciate any suggestions you may have!
B’shalom v’ahava,
Steven Resnick
CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION
CHAIR - David Bielski STAFF LIAISON - Steven Resnick
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Hebrew High and the Scouts programs.
The committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of
our clubs and caring Center members who believe that the future
of Conservative Judaism can be secured through participation in
innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the
Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United
Synagogue summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on
- Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Pilgrimage. These
provide excellent opportunities for our children to share wholesome
fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over
the United States and Canada. The Youth Commission assists
applicants with a variety of scholarships.
2014 - 2015 COMMITTEE
David Bielski
Faye Mizrahi
Stacy Leach
Dina Fetner
Sheri Weiss
Maura Silverstein
Susan Levine
Lisa Wolfson
Samantha Levin
Sylvia Jaffa
Carrie Bielski
Marc Grosse
Dan Jaffa
Andrea Mail
Gayle Bailys
Jamiee Mitzmacher
Dennis Mizrahi
Christina Levine
===== PAGE 122 =====
I HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL
Rabbi Howard Tilman
This year Hebrew High had a new format and new energy! In eight units
over the course of the year we challenged our teens to think about Jewish
identity and its influence on their daily lives. Together with Rabbi Tilman,
Steven Resnick, and many guest speakers, we examined what our tradition
has to teach us about going through teshuvah, being grateful, speaking out
against hate, perspectives on the military, being connected to Israel, as well
as other topics. Over the year, students learned from representatives of other
organizations including OneJax, JASMYN, AA, AIPAC, and Jerusalem U,
and even had the chance to see two special movies. Together, students learned
that our Jewish texts and values have a lot to teach us even today, and that
learning about them can be interesting and fun!
Chairs
===== PAGE 123 =====
CAMP KI TOY
ir®fev
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Camp Ki Tov, Summer 2015, was full of fun!! We had a lot of new
counselors this Summer, who were eager to meet their campers. On the
first day of camp, the children arrived excited and ready for a memorable
summer. This summer, campers enjoyed some old favorites such as fishing,
archery, sport, and more. Some weeks we welcomed visitors like a petting
zoo, a magical pirate, and bounce houses. Other weeks we ventured out
to St. Augustine, the Beach, the Jacksonville Zoo and to MOSH. Our new L.I.T. program, headed by
Setzer Youth Education Director Steven Resnick, proved to be a huge success. Our Li.T.’s had a ton of
fun learning leadership skills and making friendships while working with campers and other counselors!
Each week, we had various themes, such as Winter in Summer, Crazy Animals, Music &
Movement, and so many more! Each cabin competed every week with spirit and pride to see who could
win the beloved “spirit stick” We were also very fortunate to have Rabbi Tilman, Hazzan Holzer, and
Morah Liat lead our Shabbat lunches on Fridays with lots of ruach (spirit) and passion! Our Jacksonville
Jewish Center clergy, as well as the Galinsky Academy Head of Schools Rabbi Rogozen, also joined
each cabin for Judaic-related activities. We also had the privilege of hosting counselors from Israel at
Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought to our camp! As usual, we had
a great time planning our annual Camp Ki Tov undemight/ovemight. In fact, we always have so much
fun, that we decided to have TWO undemights/ovemights during the summer of 2015! There was
special nighttime swimming, flashlight games and kosher s’mores!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and we
were more than successful! Thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy, and to the
loving parents. A big shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who dedicated their summer to making
memories for our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy and happy year. We look forward to creating more friendships with your children during
Summer 2016 at Camp Ki Tov!!!
Pam Lewis Shereen Canady
Upper Camp Director Preschool Camp Director
Shereen Canady
Preschool Camp Director
121
===== PAGE 124 =====
Setzer Youth Educatio
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is fortunate to have a large representation of youth participating in summer
programs. These programs are sponsored through the Conservative Movement and each one offers a great summer
opportunity for informal enrichment and meaningful education.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center sent 36 children to
camp this past summer. There are many opportuntities
to experience Camp Ramah Darom during the
summer. In addition to a four or eight week session
Camp Ramah Darom offers:
TASTE OF RAMAH
• An introductory program for children entering 3rd
or 4th grade to expose them to the magic of Camp
Ramah Darom.
SUMMER FAMILY CAMP
• During the week, adults enjoy relaxation, recreation, and exciting classes taught by Jewish educators
while children participate in camp activities.
GRANDPARENT WEEKEND
• An opportunity to experience what your grandchildren do during the summer and learn why they love camp so much.
CAMP RAMAH DAROM
Eliza Aretz
Montgomery Phillips
Casey Balotin
Ethan Plotkin
Parker Balotin
Joseph Plotkin
Allie Bielski
Zachary Rosin-Borrousch
Jamie Bielski
Abigail Rotenberg
Anna Feig
Gil Sapolsky
Joshua Feig
Brooke Saye
Jennifer Gordon
Eryn Saye
Jake Gould
Alexandra Selevan
Hannah Gross
Ethan Selevan
Aaron Kitay
Jacob Selevan
Evan Levy
Emily Teitelbaum
Avichai Lubliner
Brooke Trager
Elior Lubliner
Elli Trager
Itamar Lubliner
Sara Wasserman
Benjamin Miller
Jolie Weiss
Eliana Mitzmacher
Shelby Weiss
Max Mizrahi
Evan Wolpoff
Ryan Mizrahi
Brooke Zimmerman
Zach Mizrahi
Samantha Zimmerman
122
===== PAGE 125 =====
p^l
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
USY offers a broad variety of summer programs. Whether touring across North America on USY
on Wheels or exploring Israel and/or parts of Europe on our various Israel Pilgrimage programs, USY has
something for everyone!
USY Summer Programs provide an exciting way to explore your Jewish identity and tour North America,
Europe and Israel. Experience the beauty of Shabbat, learn about the power of Tzedakah, and gain inspiration
through creative prayer and engaging interactive Jewish learning programs .
2015 SUMMER PROGRAM PARTICIPANTS
USY on Wheels East: Danielle Fetner & Hannah Silverstein
USY Eastern Europe/Israel Pilgrimage: Matthew Herman
USY Poland / Israel Pilgrimage: Jack Gare
Ramah Israel Seminar: Eli Mizrahi
We would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone involved in funding our summer scholarship programs:
Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Israel Scholarship Fund,
Center Sisterhood, Center Youth Department, Horty T. Gendzier Men’s Club Summer Scholarship Fund, Joan
Levin Gift of Israel Program through the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Myra Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah
Fund, Sylvia H. Shorstein Scholarship Fund, Debbie Katz Ramah Scholarship Fund.
123
===== PAGE 126 =====
SCHUMAN ELECTRIC, INC.
x Service Upgrades ~ Safety Inspections
~ Repairs ~ Rewirmg
~ New Construction ~ Remodeling
— Design / Build
State Licensed Sc Insured
ER # 13012447
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.N.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-4391 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
3660 St. Augustine Rd. ~ Jacksonville, FI. ~ (904) 737-4040 ~ (904) 396-4104 Fax
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
The Paige Wajsman Team
Realtor®
Cell: 904-476-4120
Office: 904-629-4663
Email: paige@paigewajsman.com
ilan@paigewaj sman.
Website: www.paigewajsman.
Thark/y&w for your
support!
WCihCng^you/a/
HeaTthy and/Happy
New Year!
CREEKS REALTY
-GROUP
Patten School Bus Service, Inc.
Field Trips, Business/Social Functions
Birthday Parties All Ages, Family
Reunions, Weddings, No Job Too Small
Richard & Judith Patten
Office: 904-246-3085
Cell: 904-631-3433
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, FI 32233
Fax: 904-247-6778
E-mail: pattenbus@yahoo.com
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your
glass needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
354-4643
www.leeandcatesglass.com
Serving Northeast Florida
& Southeast Georgia
Locations to Better Serve You.
CALL TODAY ABOUT OUR
$18.95 SPECIAL
MLMmC
SECURITY
Honeywell
Authorized Security Dealer
UC. EF0001226
Remote Access Via a Smart Phone,
Laptop, or Tablet
NO long Term Monitoring Contracts
NO Phone Line...No Problem
UL Central Station Monitoring with TWO
Redundant Backup Stations
A+ Better Business Bureau Rating
1714 Cesery Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32211
(904) 743-8444
UC. LU4Q5163 UCEF200Q0570
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
"Thanks for your Patronage"
9670 San Jose Blvd.
268-5949
124
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 127 =====
CHALUTZIM • GRADES 4 AND 5
OFFICERS
PRESIDENT
PROGRAMMING VP
Ava Jaffa
Eliana Mitzmacher
PROGRAMMING VP
MEMBER-AT-
Lucy Gould
LARGE
PROGRAMMING VP
Evan Wolpoff
Daisy Handmaker
125
===== PAGE 128 =====
BC
Philip H. Bloom
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
CERTIFIED AGING IN PLACE SPECIALIST
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904) 880-4667 • CELL (904) 993-4445
CGC036197
N
$99
Mattress Sets
Still Jn She Cúqinaí Sealed If tactic
(904) 924-5944
. ; CATERING* BY \ '
LIZ GRENAMYER
919 King Street
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32204
904,387. 1 955
Fax 904.387.2 1 03
|H|
CateringByLiz.com
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
(904) 398-1640
Fa* 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
BERMAN
BROS., INC.
SCRAP METAL RECYCLING
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL
CUSTOM METAL FABRICATION
2500 Evergreen Ave. • Jacksonville, FL 32206
904.353.3694
www. bermanbros. com
Free Water Testing
License # W-32
Affordable watf.R
CONDITIONING* SOFTENING-PURIFICATION
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
AffordableWaterJax.com
126
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 129 =====
KADIMA • GRADES 6, 7, 8
OFFICERS
PRESIDENT
Jamie Bielski
SOCIAL ACTION/TIKUN OLAM
VICE PRESIDENT
Arin Nathans
MEMBERSHIP/KADIMA/PROGRAMMING
VICE PRESIDENT
Evie Mizrahi
RELIGION & EDUCATION VICE PRESIDENT
Maiah Jaffa
CONVENTIONCHAIRPERSON
Allie Bielski
MEMBERS-AT-LARGE
Jagger Leach, Sydney Leach
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
ver Jacksonville - No appointmer
-100% Smile Back Guarantee -
mart Looks. Smart Prices.
YEARS
SMILE
The perfect cut, color and style
are right around the corner.
Sawgrass
Asset Management, L.L.C.
A Florida-based
Registered Investment Advisor
Serving the Investment Needs of
Institutional Clients
Throughout Florida
ANDREW M. CANTOR, CFA, Principal
DAVID A. FURFINE, CFA, Partner
1579 The Greens Way, Suite 20
Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
904-493-5500
It’s Our
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. Thats the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the very
best in quality, selection and service.
Publix.
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc,
144 Stockton Street • Jacksonville, FL 32204
Local 904-260-2444 • Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
, •Incandescent
Flourescent
Carl Cushnir
Quartz Halogen
Metal Halide
High Pressure Sodium
Mercury Vapor
Low Pressure Sodium
Miniature
Sealed Beam
Photo
Stage/Studio
Projection
Fiber Optic
Medical
Scientific
Micrographic
Sockets
Photo Controls
Flourescent Ballasts
Electronic Ballasts
HID Ballasts
Tube Guards
Lighting Lenses
Batteries
128
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 131 =====
ir—i
UNITED SYNAGOGUE YOUTH • GRADES 9-12
OFFICERS
PRESIDENTS
Jack Gare
Levana Osher
RELIGION &
EDUCATION VP
Joey Plotkin
SOCIAL ACTION/—
TIKKUN OLAM VP
Hannah Gilbert
ISRAELI AFFAIRS VP
Max Mizrahi
MEMBERSHIP/KADIMA
VP
Rebecca Nathans
CONVENTION
CHAIRPERSON
Casey Balotin
MEMBERS-AT-LARGE
Aaron Kitay
Eli Mizrahi
Jake Fetner
MERCAZ SUB¬
REGIONAL VP
Ben Miller
129
===== PAGE 132 =====
Cub Scout Troop 14 was revived in 2015 with an amazing year of activities. The year kicked off at the Jacksonville
Zoo where the boys began work on their badges. The first camping outing was in Olustee where the boys got to watch
the Civil War Battle reenactment. Later in the year the scouts built a hot air balloon and pine wood derby cars. The cub
scouts last camping trip was to the Florida Caverns, which included a day trip to Blue Springs for swimming.
Since 1919, Boy Scout Troop 14 has upheld the honorable values and traditions of Scouting, as well as the religious
tenets of Judaism. We try to have a meeting at least once a week, as well as go camping at least once a month. At each
meeting the boys focus on merit badges, advancement, and planning for camping trips. Each of our many camping trips
has its own set of unique activities and experiences, from backpacking into the wilderness to kayaking in springs. Since
we are a Jewish troop, we observe Shabbat by having Kiddush on Friday night, a service on Saturday, and Havdalah
Saturday evening, we also keep Kosher at all troop activities. Each year we celebrate Jewish holidays through events
such as our Hanukkah party and our construction of a Sukkah out of only rope and bamboo. We encourage anyone
interested in Scouts to contact Steve Resnick, 904-292-1000 for more information.
130
===== PAGE 133 =====
GIRL SCOUTS
Daisy Troop 1367 earned all of our ten petals and two financial leaves. In addition, the girls earned all three
journey badges, so they were awarded with a special summit pin. The girls earned the “my faith, my promise”
religious pin. Some of our activities included a trip on a bank tour, a visit from a dog rescue group, sewing lessons,
planting a flower, playing money bingo, picking up trash, learning how to conserve our natural resources, exploring
the butterfly life cycle, visiting the preschool butterfly garden, writing letters to our Jewish pen pals in Colorado,
exchanging “swaps” with a Canadian and West Virginia troop, baking cupcakes as a thank you for the maintenance
staff, and first aid safety pin.
Brownie Troop 1371 had an awesome year! The Brownies earned a number of badges, including first aid,
money manager, nature hike, computer expert, and dancer! Our great year was capped off with a group performance
in the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Talent Show, where the girls performed “It’s A Hard-Knock Life” from Annie.
The 4th and 5th grade girls that make up Junior Troop 1372 had a blast this year! We went on a “journey”
and discovered through role playing, imagination and prop box skits that girls can be anything they want to be.
Reach for the stars! We sold over 1000 boxes of Girl Scout cookies and used some of the money to buy gifts for
underprivileged children. We delivered the presents ourselves and shared the Chanukah story, songs and played
dreidel with them. We went back to the United Methodist Children’s Village and delivered 40 boxes of donated
cookies and shared the Passover story with them. We also went to River Garden and shared prop box skits with the
residents. Our year capped off with a fun trip to Adventure Landing!
We’re proud to be offering Girl Scout troops next year for kindergarten through 8th grade! For more information
on Girl Scouts, contact Rebecca Fixel at info@beccasbling.com.
131
===== PAGE 134 =====
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s
Jewish Agencies
and Synagogues
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubavitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim......... 262-3565
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Community Foundation of
Northeast Florida 394-0720
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Jewish Federation of Jacksonville 448-5000
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Senior Services i 260-1818
132
===== PAGE 135 =====
: . BU '
¡j- Jacksonville JewismCenter Express
3
The main number for the JJC switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits are busy, a recorded message
will offer step-by-step instructions for the extension of your choice. We have also included staff emails
for your convenience.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL PHONE EXTENSIONS AND EMAIL ADDRESSES:
110 RoseTincher, Director of 1st Impressions 142 Margo’s Catering
rtincher@jaxjewishcenter.org
111 Falyn Shilts, Program Coordinator
fshilts@jaxjewishcenter.org
112 Don Kriss, Executive Director
dkriss @ j axjewishcenter.org
113 Lori Schoettler,
Director t>f Finance and Operations
. lSchoettler@jaxjewishcenter.org
115 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
jlubliner@jaxjewishcenter.org
115 Danielle Berke, Clergy
Executive Assistant
dberke@jaxjewishcenter.org
116 Sarah Zakikhani, Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School Assistant
sarah .zakikhani @ jaxjewishcenter.org
117 Leslie Manucy, Bookkeeping Dept.
lmanucy@jaxjewishcenter.org
margoscatering@aol.com
143 Dina Kirshbaum,
DuBow Preschool Executive Assistant
dkirshbaum@dubowpreschool.org
144 Shereen Canady,
Early Childhood Director
scanady@dubowpreschool.org
145 Ivy Kfare, Academy Support Assistant
ikfare@basrs.org
146 Lois Tompkins, Religious School Director
ltompkins @ j axjewishcenter.org
147 Nancy Davis,
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Institutional Advancements Coordinator
nancy .davis@mjgds .org
148 Robyn Sabatt-Waring,
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Executive Assistant
robyn.waring@mjgds.org
118 Rabbi Jim Rogozen,
Head of the Galinsky Academy
jim .rogozen @mj gds .org
133 Steven Resnick, Youth Director
sresnk3t@jaxjewishcenter.org
134 Rabbi Howard Tilman
htilman @ jaxjewishcenter.org
136 Ivy Kfare, DuBow Preschool Assistant
ikfare @ dubowpreschool .org
150 Brent Ganey, Facilities Supervisor
bganey@j£ixjewishoenter.org
151 Kim Winters, Bookkeeping Dept,
kwinters @ j axjewishcebter.org
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Hazzan Jesse Holzer
jholzer@jaxjewishcenter.org
133
===== PAGE 136 =====
Automotive Group,
IMS JACi.SMVILI.Li
Proudly Supports the
K X FIAT of
gk Orange Park jtfrmr}
“ (866)843-2420
FIATUSAofOrangePark.com
4^ Infinitiof
Orange Park
(9Q4)777-1i00
lnfinitiofOrangePark.com
■^P Acura of
Orange Park
®
1 (904)777-5600
ACURA
AcuraofOrangePark.com
Miami
Atura ®
’ (855)611-2176 acura
MiamiAcura.com
Orange Park
Mitsubishi
I (904)779-0071
MitsubishUax.com
Volkswagen of
Orange Park
^ (904)777-0071
VolkswagenofOrangePark.com
Maseratiof
Jacksonville
(904)779-0071 i
MaseratiofJacksonriile.com
Subaru of
Orange Park
(904)777-1800
SubaruofOrangePark.com
Westside
Hyundai
(904)384-0050
WestsideHyunclai.com
MITSUBISHI
MOTORS
HananiaAutos.com
HananiaHandPicked.com Over 700 Used Cars Priced Delon Market Value!
134
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 137 =====
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
- 3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257 • Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 • Fax: (904) 268-5292
This is for informational purposes. It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of August 10,2015
A
135
===== PAGE 138 =====
MEMBERSHIP
GIVES YOU MORE
EXCITING NEWS!
BJ's Bakery in Jacksonville is now certified kosher dairy.
All cakes, cookies, muffins, pastries and croissants at
BJ's Bakery are now KOF-K Kosher Certified.
8046 Philips Highway in Jacksonville
□H FREES™®,-,i,,,, i
Activate at the Member Services Desk today. |
All BJ's Memberships are subject to BJ's current Membership Terms, ask in-Club or go to BJs.com/terms. |
This Promotional Membership offer is valid in-Club only, is only good for new Members, may not be combined with other offers and is not redeemable
for cash. One Promotional Membership per household. Photo identification required when applying for Membership. Expires 12/31/15.
SERVICE DESK ENTER SOURCE CODE: JACK15 I
All BJ's Memberships are subject to BJ's current Membership Terms, ask in-Club or go to BJs.com/terms.
Availability of items may vary by Club location. Items available only while supplies last. Product names and other trademarks are the property of the respective trademark holders.
21424316
© 2015 BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc.
136
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 139 =====

===== PAGE 140 =====
NEWLY RENOVATED
• 277 spacious two-room guest suites
- All suites include private bedroom and separate living area
- All suites have mini refrigerator, coffee maker & microwave
• 3,500 square foot ballroom accommodates
- 200 people with rounds & a dance floor
- 250 people with rounds without a dance floor
• Chelsea's Bar & Grille restaurant onsite
- Open daily for lunch & dinner 11am - 11pm
• Free made to order breakfast daily
• Complimentary daily evening reception with beverages & snacks
• Free self parking
• Indoor pool & whirlpool
• Fitness Center
• Business Center
For more information contact: Luisa Arespacochaga (904) 899-9510
L, híuon Offer subject to availability; date restrictions and tength-of-stay requirements may apply.
H «honors ‘Service of alcohol subject to state and local laws. Must be of legal drinking age.
tm indicates a trademark of Hilton Worldwide. © 2015 Hilton Worldwide
138
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 141 =====

===== PAGE 142 =====
140
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
NOW WITH NEWLY RENOVATED INTERIORS
When you vacation, why leave the best of home behind? At Homewood Suites, you can enjoy a real kitchen with a
full-size fridge, and a complimentary full, hot breakfast, plus a pool to play in. And we provide all this because we think
life on the road should be more about life, and less about the road.
So stay with us and MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME®.
Homewood Suites by Hilton® Jacksonville-South/St. Johns Ctr.
10434 Midtown Parkway, Jacksonville, FL 32246
(904)641-7988 | jacksonvillesouth.homewoodsuites.com 11 -800-CALL-HOME®
kjf HILTON
rr HHONORS
© 2012 Hilton Worldwide
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
BY HILTON"
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====

===== PAGE 146 =====
CHUMAN ELECTRIC, INC.
ER # 13012447
3660 St. Augustine Rd. Jacksonville, Fl. (904) 737-4040-(904)396-4104 Fax
144
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====

===== PAGE 148 =====
"We are grateful for all the support from the
Jacksonville Jewish Center members"
David Chen, Owner
We wish you a happy and healthy new year
146
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====

===== PAGE 150 =====
PartyCity •
NOBODY HAS MORE PARTY FOR LESS ^
biggest selection '
AT THE
LOWEST PRICES!
Party Supplies, Party Favors, £
Balloons & Helium, Cards, Invitations,
Gift Wrap, Seasonal Decorations,
Catering Supplies,
^ Costume Shop Open Year 'Round ^
Open 7 Days • 6 Nights
JÍ|ÍÍl*lí Son Jose Blvd. i 9400 Atlantic Bfvd.v t 6001 Argyle Foi|¡|f%d.
262-2800 I 425-3124 8777-1318
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====

===== PAGE 152 =====
ERICA JOLLES
JACKSONVILLE'S BEAL ESTATE EXPERT
'CREATING A SHIDDACH BETWEEN HOME BUYERS AND SELLERS'
——
I'' . ■■ Y ■ .YY‘ v ;a. ■■ ;■ - \ = ; / Y Y Y
ERICA JOLLES m .
Top producing Realtor® at Magnolia Properties 3 years running.
c: 904.652.6978 I erica@sellsjax.com I www.selisjax.com Properties
WHAT PAST CLIENTS ARE SAYING:
ii Erica is patient, thorough, honest, dependable. m
^ ^ I am so impressed with Erica Jolles
and feel she is the best in her field. 55
m Erica went above and beyond to exceed
our expectations. '55
150
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====

===== PAGE 154 =====
Jacksonville
Orthopaedic
INSTITUTE
Northeast Florida's most
respected name in orthopaedics®
I’m proud to be a member of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center!
Appointment request line:
904-JOI-2000
JOI provides high quality, comprehensive services for individuals
of all ages in order to promote and restore health and fitness
to the highest level of function.
joi.net
JAGUARS
SPORTS MEDICINE PROVIDER
mbh
Garry S. Kitay, MD
Hand!, elbow & shoulder
minimally invasive and
joint replacement surgery,
microvascular surgery
SAN MARCO
JOIN US ON FACEBOOK
152
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====

===== PAGE 156 =====
Daniel L Wohl, M.D.
Pediatric Otolaryngology Associates
specializing in Ear, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
wwvuent4kids.net (904) 262-7“ENT”(7368)
a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of North Florida Surgeons
Eliot J. Safer
Attorney at Law
DUSS KENNEY
SAFER HAMPTON & JOOS, PA
4348 South point Boulevard
Suite 101
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone: 904.543.4300
Facsimile: 904.543.4301
Email: esafer@jaxfirm.com
154
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 157 =====

===== PAGE 158 =====
EventDéeor Services
BjMggjjjÍK^ra^lGdjáLrs^EvímtTi^prkOT Pímk
-^nemeú
yis&£N^pgMín|g)^
'/k (\ vjw )\r\ í\ 7 [í
(A ( Unfq^mgwinpgr)ddUCTtótR^irartUg^^^r9|97i iA^f
156
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 159 =====

===== PAGE 160 =====
Funny; you don't feel that different But with every new decade, a woman's health needs evolve —
often in subtle or silent ways. Taking care of the little things now can help you head off big issues
(heart disease, cancer, chronic illness) in the years ahead, so you're free to enjoy all the fun stuff
you want to do.
Here are a few things you'll want to stay on top of at each stage of life.
Watch the scale, make
sleep a priority, take time
to unwind, and have your
blood pressure checked.
Opt in for mammograms,
learn about diabetes,
re-assess your calorie
intake, and discuss
perimenopause
symptoms with your
doctor.
Be vigilant about your
heart health, see your
primary care physician
regularly, get screened
for colon cancer, and
keep moving.
In your
60s
Get a bone density
test, increase your B-12
intake, ask about the
shingles vaccine, and
stay active — physically
and socially.
Join
today — it's FREE
and easy!
Good for You is a new health and wellness
community from Baptist Health, where experts
weigh in on everything from menopause
to managing stress, and members connect
online and in person. It's about sharing good
information and inspiration to help you
find your own solutions for a
healthier, happier life.
baptistgoodforyou.com
Go to baptistgoodforyou.com
to read the full blog article on
smart prevention and wellness
m strategies for every decade of
life — and share your tips on
what's working for you!
■s
BAPTIST
HEALTH
Changing
Health Care
for Good®
© Baptist Health 2015
58
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====
Thank you members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
for your patronage
www.cruisersgrill.com
5613 San Jose Blvd. Suite 1 3 St. George Street
Jacksonville, FL 32207 St. Augustine, FL 32084
904-737-BURG (2874) 904-824-6993
319 23rd Ave., South
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-270-0356
160 Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 163 =====

===== PAGE 164 =====
VECTOR
SECURITY.
Intelligent security tailored for you.SM
For more than 40 years, Vector Security® has provided intelligent
security solutions tailored to the needs of our customers.
• Burglar and fire alarms - Protect your home or business;
save precious time in an emergency.
• Video surveillance - View footage of your property when
you’re away.
• Mobile solutions - Manage your security from a
computer or smartphone.
• Home automation - Control lights, locks and
thermostats remotely.
• Personal emergency response - Get medical help at
the push of a button.
• Access control - Manage admittance to your business
while protecting it from theft.
For a FREE security consultation, call 904-268-9454
www.vectorsecurity.com
: — ;
; Special Offer!
! Get $100 credit towards installation, equipment or I
j monitoring* when you choose Vector Security, ;
EAT FRESH SEAFOOD
12760 San Jose E>lvd.
Jacksonville, FL 52225
* New customers only. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Other restrictions may
apply. Contact branch for full details.
9<H~8S6-1167
www.thefishcamps.com
NORTH FLORIDA SURGEONS
BAPTIST JACKSONVILLE DIVISION
Drs. Crump, Felger, Hodgett, Morgenthal & Polley
CRAIG MORGENTHAL, MD, FACS
GENERAL & LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
BARIATRIC SURGERY
ROBOTIC SURGERY
DEBORAH M. KAYE
College Consultant
Baptist Medical Pavillion Phone (904) 398-0033
836 Prudential Dr. #1001 Fax (904) 398-6774
Jacksonville, FL 32207 www.nflsurgeons.com
Weather Engineers, Inc.
Air Conditioning • Heating • Refrigeration Specialist
J. DANIEL GRIFFIN
President
1000 Edison Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32204-2819
904 356-3963 • Fax 356-4969
Helping families
navigate the college
admission process
www.dmkcollegeconsultant.com
904.703.8613
dkaye @ dmkcollegeconsultant .com
162
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 165 =====

===== PAGE 166 =====
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
FANATICS
VISIT FANATICS.COM
BEST WISHES FOR A
HAPPY & HEALTHY NEW YEAR
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 167 =====

===== PAGE 168 =====
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
E.H.Thompson Company
inri Snruinn Fnninmnnt nnri Simnlins fiinnn 1Q1P an INNOVA!
“Food Service Equipment and Supplies Since 1912
& North Florida’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer”
tiVe
FOODSERVICE.
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
• China, Glass & Silver
• Kitchen Supplies
• Bar Equipment
• Chemicals
• Refrigerators
• Bakery Equipment
TOLL FREE:
1-800-780-1555
358-1555
Heavy Duty Countertop &
Cooking Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Products
Furniture
Custom Fabrication
Fax:
(904) 354-4448
NEW LOCATION: 8081 PHILLIPS HWY. STE 20* JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
166
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 169 =====
167
===== PAGE 170 =====
Brumos
MOTOR CARS
Mercedes-Benz
S^RHVIER
OF JHCK SOnVILLE
10231 Atlantic Blvd,
Jacksonville, FL 32225
866.763.1999
10259 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32225
866.694.8827
® S&SSS*”2 O smart
7018 Blanding Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32244
866.759.0697
OF ORHRGE PHRK
7040 Blanding Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32244
866.715.7408
Brumos
Porsche
10100 Atlantic Blvd.,
Jacksonville, FL 32225
866.674.5055
Brumos
COLUSION CENTERS __
56 Jackson Road
Jacksonville, FL 32225
855.570.9785
Everything is better in a Brumos.
B
rumos
COIVIRAIMII
Find out more about our guaranteed repairs for life on.
Brumo&com
168
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 171 =====
169
===== PAGE 172 =====
A morning on the course, an afternoon on the beach.
EPPING-FOREST
YACHT& COUNTRY CLUB
Your gathering place on the St. Johns River
Easy and relaxed. The perfect beach retreat.
UNWIND WELL.
There's no question you deserve it.
The only question is which of our premier
membership dubs is right for your life.
To schedule a private tour, call
Joan Sykora at 904.273.7735.
Networking high above the city.
GATE El HOSPITALITY
THE LANDMARK CLUBS &f NORTH FLORIDA gatehospitality.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 173 =====

===== PAGE 174 =====
Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation
STAY SAFE!
Wishing you a sweet and safe New Year from
Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation
AVOID exposure to Carbon Monoxide (CO),
never leave your car running in a garage and never use
portable generators inside the home.
CHANGE the batteries in your smoke detectors
every six months.
Keep grilling outside and NEVER unattended.
Store propane tanks outside and away from a heat source.
IN YOUR CAR, be sure to have jumper cables,
a flashlight, a blanket and a first aid kit.
DO NOT leave a child or pet in a locked car, the
temperature can reach 100 degrees in minutes.
LOL, OMG, RIP - Don’t text and drive.
Thank you for your support!
FirehouseSubs.com/Foundation
Follow us: @savinglives
H
FRENCH CUISINE CHARCUTERIE CRAFT COCKTAILS AWARD WINNING WINE LIST
HISTORIC AVONDALE I RESTAURANTORSAY.COM f 904.381.0909 I OPEN AT 4P DAILY / 11AM ON SUNDAY
¡■¡¡lili
BOB
172
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 175 =====

===== PAGE 176 =====
It's Easy As 1-2-3
TO BO PEST FREL
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
Termites
* Subterranean
* Formosan
• Dr|||boci
► Preconstruction Wood
& Soil Treatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
Heft)S AVAILABLE
Call us for all your cleaning needs.
You never know when the unexpected
will happen.
Carpet Cleaning....Tile Floor
Cleaning....Wood Floor
Cleaning....Furniture & Drapery
Cleaning
«Protesté Jílasíter, Stic
Family owned and operated for over 31 years.
174
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 177 =====

===== PAGE 178 =====
Welcome to the R
The Pozin family invites
you to be our guest at
our family-owned &
operated hotel.
Home of
RESTAURANT
The Ramada Mandarin at 1-295 & San Jose Blvd. 3130 Hartley Road, Jacksonville FL 32257
WWWJAXRAMADA.COM I WWW.GIGISBUFFET.COM I WWW.COMEDYZONE.COM
176
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 179 =====

===== PAGE 180 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, inc.
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 388-2696
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CFC09184
GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
TALLAHASSEE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (850) 385-3984
DAYTONA, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (386) 322-4511
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
178
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 181 =====

===== PAGE 182 =====
At B&C Financial Advisors, our honest approach
means our clients know their expectations, exactly
what investments they own, and exactly where
their money is. And they don't get fleeced by
commissioned advisors. Your retirement dreams
don't have to be full of sleepless nights.
www.BandCfinancial.com | Call us at 904.273.9850
110 Professional Drive, Suite 101, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
Invest in a
Invest in a Good Night's Sleep
180
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 183 =====
o©
===== PAGE 184 =====
Why would you go anywhere else?
RIVERGarden I Senior Services
Rehabilitation | Adult Day Care
Home Health Care
Long-Term Care
Memory Care | Independent Living
SEVEN-TIME RECIPIENT OF THE PRESTIGIOUS
GOVERNOR'S GOLD SEAL AWARD
FOR EXCELLENCE IN LONG-TERM CARE
BEST
NURSING HOME
AGENCY FOR HEALTH CARE ADMINISTRATION
A 5-STAR RATED COMMUNITY
CENTERS FOR MEDICARE and MEDICAID SERVICES
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Personalized
Care
With
Exceptional
Results
904-886-8454
Clients
to Remain
Independent
at Home
904-288-7851 • rivergarden.org/homehealth
Home Health Care
904-292-2683 • rivergarden.org/coves
Independent Living
RTVERGARDEN I HfthrHW Home
Jewish Dietary Laws Observed
A beneficiary agency of the Jewish Federation of Jacksonville
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • Jacksonville, FL 32258 • 904-260-1818 • www.rivergarden.org
182
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 185 =====

===== PAGE 186 =====

===== PAGE 187 =====

===== PAGE 188 =====

===== PAGE 189 =====

===== PAGE 190 =====

===== PAGE 191 =====

===== PAGE 192 =====

===== PAGE 193 =====

===== PAGE 194 =====

===== PAGE 195 =====

===== PAGE 196 =====

===== PAGE 197 =====

===== PAGE 198 =====
Now avaiCa6Ce at Evergreen Cemetery
Memorials of the Hebrew Faith
We have sought out
and found new granite
suppliers that allow us
to offer quality
memorials at very
affordable prices. If you are in
need of a memorial let Evergreen
pass the savings on to you.
Lasa*
Call 353-3649
4535 Main Street Jacksonville
Historic
vergreen
emetery
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 199 =====
In Loving Memory
liOur Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Elayne and Marty Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Mareie
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
a
===== PAGE 200 =====
In Loving Memory of
Raymond & Dorothy Cohen
“Those we hold closest to our hearts never truly leave us.
They live on in the kindness they have shared
and the love they brought into our lives ”
Dr. Jerry & Sherry Cohen
Peggy & Ken Organes
Karen & Todd Morse
Tavi & Grant Mcleod
David Organes
Benjamin Morse
Shannon & Evan
Michael & Michelle Cohen
Rachel & William Kenneth
Maci Morse
Matthew & Cristela
Marsha Cohen
Trudy Morse
198
===== PAGE 201 =====
In Loving Memory of
Sylvia “Tootsie” Hecht
Stuart Hecht Milton Hecht
i ■
W
ÜW
'TPfJt
MfiimXtX
Larry, Rose
Benjamin, Jacob
Rozie, Faye, Dan, Milly & Ellen
199
===== PAGE 202 =====
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Helene & Daniel Pollan
We will always miss your warm smiles and big hugs. But all
of our cherished memories of you will never fade because
you are gone. For as long as there is memory, grandpa and
grandma, you will live forever in our hearts. And all the
with us, as love, itself, lives on.
t;:; We Ip\f|; and;iii§|p^,
Adina, Adria, Jason, Megan, Rebekah, Jakob
Art «fe Loretta, Edward, Stephen, Irv & Susan
200
===== PAGE 203 =====
BSB9BBE9BBBS&
First they came for the Communists
and I did not speak out because I was not a Communist.
Then they came for the Trade unionists and I did not speak out
because ! was not a Trade Unionist.
Then they came for the Jews and I did not speak out
because I was not a Jew.
Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak for me
~ Pastor Martin Niemóller
To all of our family and
the 6 million others who
tragically lost their lives.
Phyllis & Bob Fischer
In Loving Memory of
Margol
You are always in our hearts.
Marilyn
Kim & David Wendy & Fred
Rodney & Lee Lonnie
and all his grandchildren
201
===== PAGE 204 =====
‘ ’ pi Memory ;G¡|f§j
Dr. Roy Baker
His Loving f'rnmlWfi
Audrey Baker
Scott, Maureen
Reid, Suzette, Ryan, Jared «fe Chad Baker
Len, Claudia «fe Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie, Mathew «fe Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father, grandfather
great-grandfather and friend
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela & Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael «fe Jordan
Jules Smith
Steven «fe Debbie Steinfeld
Brett & Rachel
===== PAGE 205 =====
In Lovis^ Memory of
Norman P. Freedman
Beloved Husband, Father and Grandfather ¿
“He left this world five years ago, but in truth he
is riot gone. We see him every day in Michael’s
eyes, in Barney’s smile, in Grace’s love of reading
and in Hope’s undeniable skill at cards<
We encircle each other with the love he gave
to us and that love lives dn and om”
Carol, Karen, Michael, Barney
Grace & Hope Freedman
In Loving Memory of
S. William “Bill” Goldstein”
Beverly Goldstein
Very special parents and grandparents
Jeffrey & Doris Goldstein
Max, Aliza, Ellen & Houman
gj Naneie & Mark Severs
David, Aarón & Mesan j¡
Noah. Sumalai & Terran William
Janet Go1dFitein & lian ||
Lvrm & Lennv Maiman |
Fave. Neil& j Elana
203
===== PAGE 206 =====
Dr. Herbert Robert Kolb
& Lottie Schwartz Kolb
Beloved Parents and Grandparents
Wtfieepeéloye and gratitude.
Edward, Millie, Sam & Jonathan Tannen
In Gelebratiori df the Life of
Oren Margol
Say not in grief, “He is no more, ”
But live in thankfulness that he was.
With loving memories and
forever in our hearts.
¡j JoM# ■:;
Bennie & Barbara
Drew & Michelle
MHMÉ Lauren & Brandon
Seth, Yitzak, Asher, Yoni, Yakov, Yushoua
Lane Oren Strumlauf
1965-2013
204
===== PAGE 207 =====
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela & Norman Moss
Frank & Arlene Moss
Sheldon & Elyne Moss
Rosanne & Andy Kauss
and Families
In Loving Memory of Our
¿fpathersjOrand&thi^& Oreat Grandfathers
Jerry Zucker
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
' :• Anita, Jeffrey, Jessicá .
Jonathan, Laura, ^emyElF& Gabriella Eden Zucker
"Andrea, Raehel, Daisy Fay &
Jerry Mordechai Muzin
===== PAGE 208 =====
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Sadie & David Barnett
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Herman & Sybil S. Barnett
Shirley B. Ansbacher
Sybil Ansbacher
Barry, Lisa & Lily Pop Ansbacher
Richard & Terry Ansbacher
¡ Lawrence & Nicole Ansbacher
In Loving Memory of
Edith & Milton Berman
Alan Berman
David Randy Berman
Doris & Ray Klepper
Deborah K.
& Donald R. Sampson
Anna S. Weiss
Charles & Eleanor Berman
In Loving Memory of
Leigh Brody
Beloved Husband, Father & Papa Leigh
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Gloria Brody
Scott & Allison Brody
Lillie, Joe & Aidan
Faye & Steven Mizrahi
Hannah & Eli
In Loving Memory of our
Parents and Grandparents
Linda H. Edelstein
Lester Edelstein
In Loving Memory of our
Beloved Husband, Father and
Brother-in-law
Walker L. Whaley
Sandy & Bobbi
Mindy & Rachel
■ ■ 1 1 ■■■ II II II 111! ] ■■■ Hit
206
===== PAGE 209 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Rose & Morse Epstein
Julius Finegold
Michele Susan Levitt
Betty & Samuel Kersun
Miriam Price
Judith Lieberman
Robert Finegold
¡ Michael & Mimi Kersun
Sam, Allison & Michael
Sandy Weisstein
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Fletcher
Julius Fletcher
Maxine W. Funk
Debbye Lorenzo
Ethel & Irving Funk
Dale Fletcher
Sophie & Joe Witten
Gary, Sandi
Jerry Funk
Brad & Todd Fletcher
Amy, Jordan & Abbie Peterson
Juan & Jason Lorenzo
207
===== PAGE 210 =====
IkWAM flip
■ ■
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Anna Glickstein Pilton
Always a part of our lives.
| Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly & Gordon Silva
Allen Ruby
Paula Warner
In Loving Memory of
Sol & Use Gottlieb
Sidney & Anne Rubens
Marty Gottlieb
The Gottlieb Family
In Memory of
Michele Herman Goldstein
Marshall Grauer
Martin H. Setzer
’ Lpving daughter taken well before
Devoted Fathers
■ her time by religious fanatics.
and Grandfathers
: Never forget September 11,2001.
You will always be in our hearts
In Memory of
Dad Rafael Herman
Charlotte Bernard Setzer
Annete Herman Marsa
Devoted Mother
and Grandmother
Michael Marsa
Jacob Marsa
Ellen & Barry Setzer
Dena & Jason Rosen
’ - i - - - -
208
===== PAGE 211 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Parents & Grandparents
Jack Huttner
Ben Gottlieb
Sylvia Gottlieb
Stuart Lipsky
Bessie Setzer Lipsky
Vernon Gwynne
Hannah Furman
Irving Furman
Gail & Paul Furman
Liza & Perry Kale
Bruce & Jan Lipsky
Rusty & Jessie Felter
Eric & Emma Dreyer
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Lovee Kliman
“Grace was in all her steps...
In every gesture dignity and love.”
Hy Kliman
Marvin Kliman
Marilyn Kliman
Ranit Krinsky Lubliner
Estelle Heilman Krinsky
William Krinsky
Rabbi Immanuel Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan &
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior & Itamar
209
===== PAGE 212 =====
210
===== PAGE 213 =====
VMBsBl
321
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
Jan Morris
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, their precious smiles & special love.
Sonya Morris
Jerald Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daren, Shana, Daniel, Emily & Jacob
Byron Simkin
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron, Noa Sylvia
Vered Ida & Eitan Byron Stember
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay & Mike Snyder
Hallie Morris
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Beloved Wife, Mother, Grandmother
and Great-Grandmother
Jack Price
Ned & Sue Price
Lewis, Genna, Christopher
& Brittney
Susan Price
Melissa Equagun
Kingsley & Jonah
Shoshana
Michael Price
David and Elana
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Judy Price
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishier
Gerald & Florence Schemer
In Loving Memory of
Morris Rosenblatt
Ruth Strugger Rosenblatt
Joseph Heilpern
Charlotte Heilpern Weisburger
Anna Heilpern
Roy Weisburger
Dr. Elias Rosenblatt
mS
211
===== PAGE 214 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
my Beloved Wife
Ruth Heilpern Rosenblatt
November 28, 2012
14 Kislev, 5773
Dr. Elks Rosenblatt
I In Memory of
Neil Sager
Beloved Husband, Dad & Poppy
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
Beloved Parents, Grandparents
and Great-Grandparents
Forever in our hearts
Always in our thoughts
Gaye Sager, Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa
Lf Ashley Zunie
Saul Scharf Father
Beatrice Scharf Mother
Nollie Hinton Father
Burt Aptheker unde
Sylvia Aptheker Aunt
Hari Scharf Uncle
Edward Hodz Uncle
Blanche Scharf Aunt
Aaron Scharf Uncle
Michael & Janet Scharf
In Loving Memory of
Louis Leon Schemer
Lillian Spanier Schemer
Irving Legum
Clara Bell Spanier
Tessie Spanier Sacks
Rose Spanier Schwartz
Miriam Schwartz Hollins
Melvin Hollins
Herbert Irving Schwartz
Peggy Schemer Sussman
Morris Schemer
Dorothy S.Légpm
212
===== PAGE 215 =====
«MWMMIII
■
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Schneider
Thelma Schneider
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Barbara & Michael Schneider
Lisa & Stefanie
Ivy, Joshua &
Nathan Jack Weingram
In Loving Memory of
Max & Ida Spitz
Harry & Celia Slott
Louis Slott
Harriette & Abe Levin
Miriam & Ben Edwards
Sidney Berkowitz
Fanny & Charles Rubenstein
Blanche Slott
Rene, Marvin & Chuck
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Parents and Sister
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (AL) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy & Stephen Silverman
In Loving Memory of
Phyllis Strumlauf
We will never forget you.
George Strumlauf
Ross Strumlauf
Lane & Melissa
Brooke, Faith & Hunter
Beth & Daryl Walter
Noah & Jesse
213
===== PAGE 216 =====
gm
tSmSmmmi
In Loving Memory
of our Parents
Dr. Harry & Rudy Yergin
Sam & Doris Kraver
Cathy & Bruce Yergin
In Loving Memory
of our beloved parents
Rose and Morris Baumgarten
Honeybunch & Harry Sneider
Rita & Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of
Morton Benjamin
William K. Benjamin
Edith Abrams Benjamin
David Joel Benjamin
James Joseph Boyle
Vera Vastine Boyle
Mary Etta Seeba
Ellen Blottman
Joshua Mitchell
Vera Benjamin
In Loving Memory of
Stephen Broadman
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Ruchel, Melissa
Jennifer, Jay, Suzanne, Eric
Georgette, Nathan
Max, Miriam & Joshua
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
- Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Loving Memory of mv Beloved Husband
our Beloved Fathers
Grandfathers and Great-Grandfathers
Barry C. Dacks
George M. Bernstein
Murray R. Dacks
In Loving Memory of our Mother
Grandmother and Great Grandmother
Phyllis Dacks
Linda, Greg, Jayson, Brenna
Jack & Carson Dacks
In Loving Memory of
Claire Kerben Gerald Horowitz
Anita Garfinkel Sid Garfinkel
Renee Horowitz Herman Horowitz
Pauline Newman Arthur Newman
Rose Garfinkel Benjamin Garfinkel
Rae Michaels Morris Michaels
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
214
===== PAGE 217 =====
In Loving Memory of
Bryna & Mosha Gaston
Reba & Manny Ruben
Ruth Golkow
j Grace, Basie, Sidney & Melvin Hoffman
Í William Davis & Kathlyn Davis Benjamin
Marvin, Sylvia & Johnathan Davis
Paul & Alice Davis
SKE^Sli
In Loving Memory of
Louis Gillman
Rosalyn Gillman
Earl Levitin
Adele Levitin
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
| —
In Loving Memory of our
Mother and Grandmother
Lois Gefen
April 13, 2012
Barbara & Larry Jaffe
| Brad, Josh & Samantha Zimmerman
Sandy, Brooke & Leah Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of Beloved Wife, Mother ;
Grandmother & Great-Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
Forever in oür Hearts, always in our thoughts,
Jack Koolik *
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin & Brooke Lynn :
Susan & Edward Pilcer
Matthew, Amanda, & Olivia
Helene Saphire
Emily, Robert & Erika '
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg Margorie Goldberg
David Goldberg Irwin Goldberg
Alfred Nathan Gertrude Nathan
Carole Goldberg
¡David, Cassie, Nathan, Lily & Gaby Goldberg
Eric, Sherry, Roen & Bria Goldberg „
Lane & Allison Goldberg
In Loving Memory of
Gene Kornblum
Bernie and Martha Allen
Bruce Allen
Julius and Mitzi Kornblum
Matthew Kornblum
Annetta Kornblum and Family J
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Beatrice Rothberg
Bernice Rothberg
Dr. Max Rothberg
Paul Rothberg
Richard Rothberg
: Chary & Michael Greenburg and Family
In Loving Memory of
Bernard & Bobbie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
215
===== PAGE 218 =====
I39hSS£E3Su33)£39ESES9í
In Loving Memory of
Edward Hodz
Leon & Etta Rothenberg
Abraham & Eva Hodz
Leon & Hilda Zeifman
Henry & Rachel Moses
Max & Esther Zeifman
Linda Zeifman
Marshall & Elaine Hodz
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Krestul
• Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Carolyn Krestul and Family
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Martin Sack Jr.
Mrs. Martin Sack Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
In Loving Memory of
Fannie Levin
Julius Levin
Philip Plotkin
Sara Plotkin
Robert Plotkin
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin and Family
Remembering the
Karow Family
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Remembering the
Singer Family
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Doris & Fred Singer
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
And our Beloved Parents A Brother George,
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
' In Loving Memory of
Anna Koropova & Lev Koropov
Serafima Kaplan & Samuel Brunfon
Pearl & David Skulsky
Mariam & Joseph Kaplan
Inna Koropova
Polina, Yefim, Simon, Igor
Rachel, (Liya & Elliana
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
Barbara Baker Torres
The DuBow Family
216
===== PAGE 219 =====
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Sylvia Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
j Abby & David Pinsky & Family
Alicia & Jesse Rauchwarger & Family
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Louis & Rene Roey
Barney & Rachel Margolin
David Benjamin
Sophia Lyn Roey
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richiéj, Jennifer & Sadie Roey
In Loving Memory of
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Wilf
I Larry & Stacie Wilf and Family
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Larry Lazar
Naomi Lazar
In Loving Memory of
Harry and Fannie Peltz, Lois and
Mitchell Peltz, Bette Peltz Trager,
Richard Bell, Lisa Bell
Norma Bell, Brian, Robyn,
Madyson and Levi Bell
i . ’
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather I
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel,'Zach, Leslie & Sarah
!
In Loving Memory of
Herman & Zelda Rosenberg
Joseph & Marianne DeFalco
Jeannine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Debbie Katz
Howard Wolpin
...and in our hearts forever!
Sandy, Joanne, & Jillian Rosenberg
Lindsay & Justin Mastfangelo
Whitney & Ross Howayeck
In Loving Memory of
Jennie, Louis, Nathan
Pauline &
Florence Schevitz
Oscar Cohen, Alyce Zell
Irwin Kane and
Donna Kaye Zell
Mr. & Mrs. Albert Datz
217
===== PAGE 220 =====
BSSESSEE&EESSSfti
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber
Beverley Shreiber
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry
Charles Cherry
llene Selevan
Merle & Ron Cherry
In Loving Memory of
Howard Wolpin
Debbie Katz
Zelda & Herman Rosenberg
Mollie & Sam Rosenberg
Miriam & Carl Palenbaum
Dorothy, Milton & Jay Waldman
George Rosenberg
Esther & Ralph Wolpin
lna& Albert Wolpm
Carole Wolpin
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren
In Loving Memory of
Shelby H.Trager
Bessie S. Frisch
Alfred Frisch
Charles, Rexine & Asher Trager ■
| In Loving Memory of Husband, Father
[ Grandfather and Great Grandfather
Samuel Morris Spevak
Elaine Spevak
Bruce & Karen Spevak
Cheryl & Lorien Friedlin
Bradley & Zoreh Spevak
Nicole, Evan, Sam & Alexandra Katz
Holly & Steve Radom
In Loving Memory of
Lucille Twitty mother
Alan Twitty father
Beatrice Cantor mother
Sam Cantor father
LaVeme & Andrew Cantor
In Loving Memory of
Joan Talpalar
Chana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Turdy Aronowitz
Louise & Hymie Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Rose & Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Ben Talpalar and Family
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Dora & Haskell Zimmerman
Joseph Pranevich
Nancy & Seeman Zimmerman
218
===== PAGE 221 =====
IbShSSSZEES
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Kim, Andrew & Hannah Weintraub
. Cheli Brewer .
- "7 ■. v- "T ''/"■ ;• ;< ■ - -1 ~ : y y L”"? y;;”7”- 7^ .
TSSzEBBSSi^Siai
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Dorothy & Stanley Schein
Annette Grauer
In Loving Memory of
Leo Dinin, Esther Dinin
Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Sylvia Applebaum
Kareii, Stii, josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
And our other dear departed relatives
Mike & Marilyn Mass
In Loving Memory of
Max & Mildred Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
llene Selevan
Mildred & Leonard Levinson
| Sue, Fred, Mitch, Brett & Emily Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Molly Rubinstein
Robin, Stan, Natalie & Abby Halpern
In Loving Memory of
Milton & Shirley Feder
Gloria L. Ramsey
Samuel A. Ramsey Jr.
Lanny & Dome Felder
In Loving Memory of
Rose Hochman Max Hochman
Anna Saraga Lipson Rubin Saraga
Scott Saraga
Nathan Hochman Sophia Hochman
Leonard & Frieda Saraga
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
: Saiilíw|'Érei<ien
Elisa Freiden Topper and Family
In Loving Memory of
Sidney A. Hoffman
Basie Hoffman
Ben Hunter
Manny Ruben
Barbara & Lewis Hunter
i In Loving Memory of Parents and Grandparents
Stuart and Phyllis Fried
Robert Kopp
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Jason, Lauren, Mátale & Nathan Knbíñ
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Son & Brother
Gordon Seth Kagan
Rhoda & Norman Kagan and Family
j In Loving Memory of My Parents & Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlman
In Loving Memory of
Martha & Edwin Kravitz
Harriette & Abe Levin
Dick,. Shirley, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
In Loving Memory of
Lillian & Robert J. Gordon
Faye & Nathan Zinn
Renee & Alan Gordon
Children & Grandchildren
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Lafer, M.D.
Bernard R. Lafer
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer and Family
219
===== PAGE 222 =====
■■hH
• J|| ’^®i^!|^#||
Abe and Harriette Levin
Calie and Martin Loss
Joan & Ronald Levin
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris & Julia Kufman
Inna & Tim Adler
In fjoying Memory of
Morton Maltz Yetta & Louis Platt
Augusta Platt Abraham Platt
Leonard Platt
Edna Maltz & Family
I In Bdyuig Memory of
Leonard & Gertrude Rosenberg
Maurice & Jennie Ida Hollinger
Ruben & Rose Rosenberg
Sharon, AJ. & Jerry
In Loving Memory of our beloved parents
Hannah J. Rose & Maurice M. Rose
and our Grandparents
Sarah & Joseph Rosenbloom
Bertha & Samuel Statland
, Stephanee & Branda Rose
In Loving Memory of
Irma & Joe Sandler
Laurie Sandler
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
Jh^luiving. Memory and In Our Hearts Forever
Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Risa & Steven Warfield
Wendy & Mark Talpalar
Sharon & Jerry Seebol
In Loving Memory of
Al L. Schneider, Tobias M. Schneider
Sylvia F. Schneider, Betty F. Schneider
Mimi Mendelson & Bernice Solomon
In Loving Memory of
Bernice & Alex Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl & Elizabeth Sekine
Joshua, EmiHe, Naomi Paige & Henry Benjamin Sekine
Sarah, Sam, & Alexander Robert Feller
In Loving Memory of
Fred Shapiro
Beloved father of Vicki Gatewood (Steve)
and grandfather of Delta and-lliilH
In Loving Memory of
Lora & Jacob Sheitelman
Father, Mother md Grandparents
Ruth & Sidney Nudle
Aunt&Uncle
Elaine jFurman
Deborah Miller, Naomi Kipp & David Furman
In Loving Memory of
Paul Shuman
Selma Shuman
David, Shari, Jenna & Amy Shuman
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman & Mary Singal
Norman & Clara Katcher
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
In Loving Memory of
Charles Sussman
Lynn Sussman, Stephanie Sussman
Elizabeth, Scott & Carson Zweigel
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
In Loving Memory of
Jonathan Weintraub
Beloved Son, Brother, Husband & Father
Cynthia Disher & Cheli Brewer
Kim, Andrew & Hannah Weintraub
220
===== PAGE 223 =====
, SSHi isatis J 3 If f ?íj WM HSf JK 1H■: 1::is''
In Loving Memory of
Murry Wolfson
Renee Wolfson Moses
Ben & Gussie Baker
Louis & Mary Wolfson
Dr. Morris & Ruby Price
Í Bob, Gary, David, Richard, Dr. Bud Wolfson and Families
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Appreciation of my parents
Max & Paula Hirsch
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank & Daphne Woodard
t ... ... ...
In Loving Memory of
David & Rae Kaufman
Sigmund & Bessie Lipson
1 Martin & Mimi Kaufman
In Loving Memory of
Anne & Harry Krokow
Judy & Kal Levinson
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yudowin
Max & Jean Shmunes
Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim, Talia
liana & Ross Shmunes
In Loving Memory of
Richard Lackey
Derrick Lackey
Jerry & Laura Lackey and Family
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Zoja Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker, Jerry Zucker
Fran Marcus, Max Marcus
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Zoja Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Richard & Tammy Lesnik & Family
Beloved Mother and Grandmother
Betty & Donald Lewis
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
I — ti
In Loving Memory of
Mikhail Bekman
Sveltana, Yakov & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Max Wolinetz
To Honor the Memory of Beloved Parents and Brother
Sara, Albert and Norman Mannis
Libby Katz and Family
Rena Bernard Charlotte Setzer
Sam & Etta Harris Renee & Harold Bloom
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed Bernard
In Memory of
Susan Lee Lowell
Your sister, Joanne Lowell
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton and Family
In Loving Memory of
Jean Cramer
Beloved Mother and Grandmother - An Inspiration of Energy and Humor
Joanne & Leo Davis
!■ -
In Loving Memory of
Mary & Frank Matoren
Ethel Frankel, Carl Blumenthal & Louise Feldman
Carol & Harvey Matoren
In Loving Memory of Beloved Parents Sc Sister
Bessie & I.H. Edwards
Delores (Dodie) Cohen
Marsha Berdit
In Loving Memory of
Edward Allen Mervis
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney Norton
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jason Freedman
Samuel & Etta Greenberg
Marilyn D. Freedman
In Loving Memory of
Ruthye & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Geri & Sam Bernard
In Loving Memory of
Í Monte Graff, David & Myrna Margolis & Grace Radford
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
In Loving Memory of
Wanda Organes
Macy & Myra Cohen
Ken & Peggy Organes and Family
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele & Alan
221
===== PAGE 224 =====
*Jli \ I ¿J"
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Esther & Sam Rosenblum
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Beloved Memory of
Carl Jay
Rose Jay Sonnenstein
Arlene Faracchio
In Memory of Our Son
Jonathan Roth
Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal & Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
David S. Stark, Bernice G. Stark
Charles 1. Senrick, May R. Senrick
Bruce, Kathy, Aaron & Rachel Stark
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of
Samuel & Florence Steinberg
Barney & Etty Weissman
Marty & Randee Steinberg & Family
In Loving Memory of
Lenore Fallas, Hal Steven Fallas,
Maurice Goldstein, Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Kandi, Mark & Zachary Shainbrown
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
Sam Louis Silberstein
Delores Silberstein & Family
In Loving Memory of
Herbert Zucker
Dan, Sam & Esther Zucker
31
On behalf of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center,
Ha-makom y’nahem etkhem b’tokh
sh’ar avelei Tziyon V’yerushalayim.
“May the Holy One comfort
all those who have lost a loved one
among all the other
mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.”
p
222
===== PAGE 225 =====
LAWN CARE
(904) 994-7457
Are you looking for a full service lawn care company
who is reliable and economical 1
If so SOLSTICE LAWN CARE is the company for you!
WE OFFER THESE BENEFITS TO OUR RESIDENTIAL CLIENTS:
• No yearly contracts to sign • Full service maintenance visits'!
• No lockedin monthly fees • Guaranteed service day
FULL SERVICE MAINTENANCE VISITS INCLUDE:
• Professional Mowing
• Concrete Edging
• String Trimming
• Hedging (when required)
• Tree Pruning (when required)
• Weed* Removal
• Surface Debris Removal
ANCILLARY SERVICES INCLUDE:
• Bed Mulching • Landscape design
• Tree Trimming ¿ • Plant/Tree Install
Solstice Lawn Care provides service for both
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
223
===== PAGE 226 =====
—
■ ■'
mk\
Wtm
'fhe Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Board of Directors,
Clerau
and Staff
Wish Uou a
Happu and
Bealthu
■JACKSONVILLE
TEWISH
ENTER
New U
ear
iiiíi liili liillllllÉilíi ¡ lüii
.* V.U -- ... .r 1
224
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 227 =====
29 South 12
A
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 62
A Fantasy in Flowers 61
Ackerman Cancer Center ....back cover
Affordable Water ....126
Atlantic Security ....124
B
Baptist Health 168
Barzak, Rabbi Israel J, Certified Mohel...55
B&C Financial Advisors ...180
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 58
Berman Bros., Inc 126
BJ’s Wholesale Club 136
Black Sheep Restaurant 152
Blosam Constructors 126
Bob Ham Eyewear ..124
Borland-Groover Clinic ...22
Brandi Hitt Photography 48
Brandon Pest Control ........174
Brumos Companies 168 and
inside front cover
C
Cady Custom Trim 52
Cakes and More by Catrina 46
Cancer Specialists of North Florida ...62
Carbux Car Wash 32
Catering by Liz Grenamyer ...126
Christy Whitehead Photography .....62
Creeks Realty Group... ,..124
Cruisers Grill 160
D
Dan Harris PhotoArt ..47
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D 154
Deborah M. Kaye- College Consultant 164
Duss Kenney, Safer Hampton & Joos, PA . 154
E
E.H. Thompson Company ..166
Embassy Suites..... .......138
Erica Jolles, Realtor. .......150
Espling Jewelers 62
Evergreen Cemetery... 197
Fanatics 162
Firehouse Subs Public
Safety Foundation 172
Fish Camps .....164
G
Gate Hospitality Group .......170
Epping Forest Yacht & Country Club
The Lodge & Club
The River Club
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club
George H. Hewell and Son
Funeral Homes 65
Goldfield, IraECLUChFC 38
Green-Hazel & Associates, Inc
H
Hair Cuttery ....128
Hanania’s Automotive Group 134
Hardage- Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 64
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 124
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside ...126
Homewood Suites by Hilton ......142
I
Impressions .;,^,.„...47
Ira E. Goldfield, CLUChFC 38
Israel Bonds 32
J
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 134
Acura of Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Fiat of Orange Park
Hyundai of Orange Park
Infinity of Orange Park
Maserati of Jacksonville
Orange Park Mitsubishi
Subaru of Orange Park
Volkswagen of Orange Park
Westside Hyundai
Jacksonville Farmers Market ...14
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc....128
Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute .......152
Jay’s Professional Dry Cleaners
& Laundry.,^.,,..............166
Jolles, Erica Realtor ...................152
Julington Dental
K
Kazu Japanese Restaurant 146
Knock Out Pest Control Mm 56
L
Latitude 360 24
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc ................. 124
M
Margo’s Catering 4jLffi.46
Mark Spivak’s Institute and Dance
. Extension áMfcjr
Mattress Company.... 126
Mediterrania Restaurant £§..36
Minuteman Press >„'^106
Mugwump Pr0dUGtions,....y4^4§1
N
Neatly Designed ..........¿¿:4..51
North Florida OBGYN........................... 140
North Florida Surgeons 164
0
Qrsay...... | ......172
P
Party City ;.„,„*¿^||í.148
Patten School Bus Service, Inc ...... 124
Pediatric Otolaryngology
Associates...... ....156
Piner’s Lock & Safe.... ....126
PRI Productions............. .........54
Process Master, Inc ............ ...174
Publix......,..;........ 128
Q
Queen Mattress Sets *...126
R
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak, Certified Mohel...53
Ramada Mandarin 176
River Garden Senior Services 182
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic ..16
225
===== PAGE 228 =====
zmmiswnm
¿ékiáiki
Sawgrass Asset Management, LLC....128
Schuman Electric 66,124,144
Setzer and Cochran, Pediatric Dentistry.32
Shorstein & Kelly £t¿;Iáli..34
Sisterhood Judaica Shop 59
Solstice Lawn Care 223
Southern Charm Events ..52
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated 40
Space Walk of Jacksonville 51
Stein Mart ' ^
Sushila’s Beauty 60
Sweet Pete’s inside back cover
TCS Total Comfort Solutions 162
Taverna 174
The Brumos Companies 168 and inside
front cover
The Candy Apple Café 50
The Jacksonville Bank.^¿p¿t^, 32
The Loop .36
The Wells & Drew Companies .53
To The Nynes 58
Tumbling Kids 56
Vandroff Insurance Agency 36
Vector Security 164
Villela & Shifts, CPA’s 94
W
W. W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc ..178
Watson Plumbing 34
Weather Engineers, Inc 164
Weaver and Stratton, Pediatric Dentistry .2
Winn Dixie 18
226
===== PAGE 229 =====
Accountants - Certified Public
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA 126
Villela & Shifts CPA 94
Adoption
Shorstein & Kelly -
Attorneys At Law P.A 34
Air Conditioning - Heating
Commercial
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions, tec. 162
Weather Engineers, Inc 164
Apparel
Stein Mart 66
To The Nynes ........58
Asset Management
Sawgrass Asset Management 128
Attorneys
Duss Kenney Safer Hampton
& Joos, P.A ; .....154
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys At Law, P.A. 34
Audio -Visual - Equipment -
Renting - Leasing
Beachview Event Rentals & Design ...58
Mugwump Productions 156
PRI Productions 54
Automobile Dealers
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group 134
The Brumos Companies 168
& Inside Front Cover
Bakers - Baked Goods
Cakes and More by Catrina 46
Balloons - Novelty - Decorative
Party City 148
Bank
The Jacksonville Bank ........32
Beauty Salons - Services - Supply
Hair Cuttery 128
Sushlte’s Beauty 60
Bedding Supplies
Mattress Sets..... 126
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors, Irte. 126
Cady Custom Trim....:............ 52
Neatly Designed 51
Schuman Electric 66,124,144
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc. 178
Calligraphers
Impressions 47
Candies
Sweete Pete’s Chocolates
and Candies inside back cover
Car Wash and
Detail Express Service
CarBux Carwash ...32
Carpet - Rug - Cleaners
Process Master Inc ...174
Caterers
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 126
Margo’s Catering .....46
Catering Supplies
¡ÉL Thompson Company ....166
Party City....... 148
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery ...^M 197
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Home
and Cemeteries 64
Chemicals
E.H. Thompson Company |gjp 166
Communications
Atlantic Security 124
Vector Security 164
College Consultant
Deborah M. Kaye....... .....164
Costumes
Party City 148
Dance and Gymnastics
Mark Spivak’s Institute and Dance
Extension 56
Tumbling Kids 56
Decorator Linens
Beachview Event Rentals 58
Mugwump Productions , 156
PRI Productions | ....54
Dentist
Julington Dental......... 20
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D ....124
Setzer & Cochran Pediatric Dentistry 32
Weaver and Stratton Pediatric Dentistry ..2
Dry Cleaners
Jay’s Professional Cleaners
and Laundry ........166
Elder Care
Baptist Health .158
River Garden Senior Services 182
227
===== PAGE 230 =====
Engravers- Stationers
Impressions .....47
The Wells & Drew Companies.,.w...........53
Southern Monument 40
Entertainment
Latitude 360 .....24
Event Planning
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 58
Mugwump Productions 156
PRI Productions 54
Southern Charm Events 52
Eye Doctors- Eye Glass Wear
Bob Ham Eyewear 124
Farmers Market
Jacksonville Farmers Market .«...,,.,....14
Financial Planners
B & C Financial Advisors. 180
Fine Jewelry
Espling Jewelers 62
Florists
A Fantasy in Flowers if'i BPpi &
Food Service - Equipment -
Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 166
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell and Son
Funeral Homes 65
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes and
Cemeteries ....^..:.¿.............64
Gift - Specialty
Fanatics 162
Sisterhood Judaica Shop 59
Glass - Automobile - Plate
- Window - Residential -
Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 124
Graphic Design
Minuteman Press 106
Grocers- Wholesale Clubs
BJ’s 136
Publix .........128
Winn-Dixie 18
Hebrew Home
RiverGarden 182
Hotels
Embassy Suites Hotel 138
Gate Hospitality Group 170
Epping Forest Yacht Club
The Lodge & Club
The River Club
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 142
Ramada Mandarin 176
Inflatable Fun
Spacewalk of Jax ...* ..51
Insurance
Greene-Hazel & Associates, Inc ...1
Ira Goldfield 38
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 36
Invitations - Announcements
Impressions 47
Party City 148
Israel
Israel Bonds .32
Jewelry - Repairing
Espling Jewelers 62
Kosher Products
BJ’s 136
Publix 128
Winn-Dixie 18
Lawn Service
Solstice Lawn Care 223
Light Bulbs - Tubes
Jacksonville light Bulb Delivery, Inc 128
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 62
Locks - Locksmith
Piner’s Lock & Safe 126
Medical Doctors
Ackerman Cancer Center back cover
Baptist Health 158
Borland - Groover Clinic 22
Cancer Specialists of North Rorida 62
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 124
Jacksonville Orthopedic Institute 152
North Florida OBGYN ¡¡y| 140
North Florida Surgeons 164
Pediatric Otolaryngology Associates....154
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A. 16
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc —124
Mohel - Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 53
Monuments
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated 40
228
===== PAGE 231 =====
Nurseries - Plants - Dish Gardens
A Fantasy in Flowers .....61
Printers
Minuteman Press 106
Restaurant Equipment - Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 166
Opticians
Bob Ham Eyewear 124
Organic - Ethnic -
Specialty Produce
Farmers Market ....14
Party Supplies - Party Favors
Party City 148
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 174
Knock Out Pest Control....... .........56
Photo Booth
Dan Harris PhotoArt 47
Photography
Brandi HiH 48
Christy Whitehead Photography 62
Dan Harris PhotoArt 47
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 126
Plumbling - Contractors
Watson Plumbing 34
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractor, Inc. 178
Produce
Farmers Market 14
Promotional - Fundraising Items
Minuteman Press..., 106
Public Safety Foundation
Firehouse Subs Public
Safety Foundation ...172
Real Estate
Creeks Realty Group 124
Magnolia Properties 150
Rental Services
Beachview Events & Rentals 58
Restaurants
29 South..... 12
Black Sheep 152
Cruisers Grill 160
Julington Creek Fish Camp 164
Kazu Japanese Restaurant 146
Mediterrania Restaurant 36
Taverna 174
The Candy Apple Café .50
The Loop Pizza Grill 36
Orsay 172
Safes - Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Safe .126
School Bus Rental
Patten School Bus Services, Inc. ........124
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealers
Berman Bros., Inc.^1^^. 126.
Security Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 124
Vector Security..,.£ | 164
Water Filters - Purifiers
Affordable Water ................;...126
Wedding Cakes
Cakes and More by Catrina 46
229
===== PAGE 232 =====
iXrma. To/ak
from our fmiiiez To t¡our¿
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
INNOVATING EDUCATION. LIVING TRADITION.
Bernard & Alice
S E LEVAN
Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
SETZER
DuBOW
PRESCHOOL
230
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 233 =====
I UI03'Ápue3S3l3d}33MS
am
===== PAGE 234 =====
May the New Year Bring You and Your
Family the Sweetness of Good Health
. «V4
The essential trait of great leadership is compassion
Ackerman Cancer Center is the world's first private,
Proton Therapy.
We understand you want the most effective cancer
treatment possible. That's why we brought the
precision of Proton Therapy to our private practice.
With fewer side effects and better quality of life, you
can get back to what matters most.
Contact our Patient Care Coordinator^ 904-880-5522 A C K E R M A N
or connect online at ackerman proton therapy.com Cancer Center
