A Message from the President
“Does the JJC really need to transform
itself?” I believe it does. I see the JJC as
an organism with hundreds of living souls
guided, in many ways, by the traditions of
thousands before us. It is too easy to become
comfortably numb, continuing to do things
the same way. We need to evolve for fear
of becoming too stagnant, too rigid, too
insensitive and eventually unwelcoming,
even to our most dedicated supporters. This
does not mean losing sight of our mission.
We must absolutely stay true and focused
to our purpose. However, to honor those builders of our
community, we must now step forward and add our layers
to the rich tapestry of the JJC. The prophecy of Joel reminds
us that the old shall dream dreams and the youth shall see
visions (Joel 3:23־). In this spirit let us come together, each
one of us, to build a shul that we can call “home.”
Our shul must not be seen as just an organization to
which people will join. It needs to be recognized as a living
entity to which people feel they must connect with in order
to maintain spiritual vitality. Like any organic process, it
must constantly be renewed through the blood or nutrients
(read yiddishkeit) needed to sustain the individual parts of
the organism, as well as the larger organism itself. When
separated from the kehilla or spiritual body of the Jewish
people, people begin to waste spiritually.
In concert with our klei kodesh and administrative
team, a synagogue transformative process will become the
work of our shul board. I believe it is incumbent upon the
leadership of our shul to insure that all efforts be expended to
encourage and assist our congregants to not only find segues
for connecting with the our spiritual body, but that they find
ways to move up the “sulam” or ladder of Jewish renewal.
We each need to begin thinking of our shul as a place where
anyone can make aliyah. Not necessarily aliyah to Israel.
Instead, this is aliyah of the soul and spirit as we elevate
ourselves and move closer to meaningful relationships with
one another and our creator.
Susan, Stefanie, Kara,
Emily, Jenna and I look forward
to making this journey with you.
We offer best wishes for health
and abundant happiness to you
and your loved ones. Shanah
Tovah u’Metukah.
—Dr. Mitchell Levine
Hi
Dr. Mitchell Levine
״ave you thought much about how
the JJC might look in twenty five
^ years? Do you wonder what the next
three to five years might bring and how these
years may impact the landscape of our Jewish
living? What kind of Jewish legacy do we
wish to leave for subsequent generations of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center?
When Moshe Rabbienu sends the spies
to scout out the land of milk and honey, they
come back with reports that they feel like
grasshoppers amongst giants. Most of the
spies would prefer to remain in the wilderness of Paran, rather
than cross the Jordan and settle in Caanan. Like the scouts,
we too can elect to remain in the midbar and occasionally
crane our necks seeking to get a glimpse of what a fulfilling
Jewish life could be. We should not allow the wilderness to
become a self fulfilling prophecy where true renewal remains
just outside our reach. Our congregation stands on the banks
of the proverbial Jordan and now it is time to cross over it.
The transformation of our synagogue will not be a
simple task. It should be evolutionary and not revolutionary;
for it needs to build upon the traditions and the work of those
before us. Too, it ought harness the vitality and vigor of those
who follow us. Pirkei Avot teaches that though we may not
finish the work, neither are we free to desist from it. It is
now our time to start a transformation to build a sacred place
where each of us can find deeper meaning in the time we
spend in and at shul.
The history of the JJC is blessed with leaders and
families who have provided a spiritual and financial harbor.
To be sure we are forever grateful and fortunately there is
a way to pay back debt of gratitude. We must continue the
work of those before us. Change for the sake of change alone,
or changes that occur at blazing speeds risk minimizing the
contributions of those who have built our shul. Rather, we
must see ourselves as the “Yitzhaks” of our generation and
begin re-digging the wells that the
before us. Each generation must
re-dig the” wells “and find new
sources of Jewish inspiration,
understanding, connection and
meaning. It is fitting that the
children (bnai) continue the work
of the builders (bonai) to create a
shul we can each be proud of.
You may be wondering,
“Abrahams” had dug
15
