Ritual Department
A Message from the Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
.
It contains the Law of Moses, we say. Identifying
it with the Temple, the center of Jewish life in the
past; proclaiming it the center of Jewish life today for
ourselves and our people.
We stand in awe of these scrolls, for they have
preserved us as we have preserved them. They are
potent. They are dangerous.
Dangerous if we treat them like icons, like idols
- if we keep the scrolls rolled and look at the jeweled
embroidery; kiss the mantle and forget the words.
Dangerous even if we read the words and accept
them unthinkingly, without understanding, without
interpretation, without love.
Potent to make us seed eternal values in our
temporary lives; potent to set our minds and souls on
the search for God.
These are ourSifrei Torah. In each the God-seeking
path of our people; hundreds of laws, thousands of
years, millions of Jews. May we always read Torah with
wisdom, humility, gratitude and love.
Amen.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the process
that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we
have maintained a high level of participation in reading
Torah. The commitment and encouragement of our
synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure
that this quality standard will be continued for many
generations to come. I would like to thank all of our
teachers for their continued support and cooperation
and on behalf of Suzanne, Casie, Aron and myself wish
you a happy and healthy new year.
Shanah Tovah,
— Scott Zimmerman
23
Religious Committee
Bruce Horovitz and Marco Rand, Chairmen
n the past year 5768, the Religious Committee, under the
direction and guidance of Rabbi Lubliner, continued its
initiatives in making the Jacksonville Jewish Center a more
welcoming and inclusive spiritual community.
The year included a further transition to a fully egalitarian
congregation. Women are now actively involved in every aspect of
religious life at the Center including full participation in minyanim
and leading services on Shabbat, Holidays and daily minyan.
Again, under the direction of Rabbi Lubliner, the Religious
Committee helped the congregation move forward with a series
of “Keruv” (outreach) initiatives aimed at making our synagogue
a more welcoming community. These included a framework for
participation of intermarried couples at life cycle events, in keeping
with the standards of the Conservative Movement.
A series of alternative services, aimed at attracting new
worshippers, continued during the past year and will be even more
present in the year ahead.
For the coming year, the plan is to have the Religious
Committee take an even more active role in the life of the
congregation. Rabbi Lubliner has developed a blueprint for the
Religious Committee that includes a number of subcommittees
with specific areas of responsibility, all of which are aimed at
enhancing the spiritual and religious life of the congregation.
We are excited to welcome Hazzan Holzer and his wife
Leora to our congregation. Together with Rabbi Lubliner and
Rabbi Weiner, we are poised for another year of great spiritual
growth and commitment.
We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of
the members of the Religious Committee for their service and
commitment during the past year.
Religious committee members for 5768 were: Jack
Bettman, Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Fred Blum, Robert
Bossen, Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis
Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg, Phyllis Goldberg,
Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Joseph Honigman, Wendy
Honigman, Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid, Jack Mizrahi,
Jeffery Morris, Barbara Safer, Elliot Safer, David Schmerer,
Joe Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein, Karen Southall,
Edward Tannen, and Dan Wohl.
Daily Minyan Captains
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults,
may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited. Our
dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice
every single day of the year. It is because of them that you can
recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those
who served as minyan captains during the past year: Robert
Bossen, Stella Finck, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Jack
Mizrahi, David Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Russell Selevan,
Edward Tannen, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan Yegelwel, Sandy
Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week.
Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce Horowitz at 262-1087.
