Committees and Organizations
2008-2009 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Lois Gosa, Debby Kaye, Mi-
chael Kuhr, Stevie Levine, Henry Lasris, Lenny Maiman,
Karen Morse, Judy Geller Nevel, David Organes, Peggy
Organes, Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein,
Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon and Steve Solomon.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum and Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and Festivals,
ushers help to maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves
the beauty of the service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were our ushers
this past year: Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbaum, Scott
Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris, Carl
Passen, Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman, Sandy
Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David
Schmerer, Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes,
Randall Smith, Steve Solomon, Tom Spriggs and Leon
Yergin.
2008-09 Center Choir
For over 59 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving
liturgical music. Over the years, they have given numerous
concerts featuring members of the choir, and nationally
acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have
been singing with this group for twenty years or more. New
members are always welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733-
6979.
at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool
Laughter, Smiling and Happy Children...
Learning Has Never Been So Much Fun
Your child’s future begins at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool.
Our preschool offers an enriching and nurturing program for children
ages 12 months through Pre-Kindergarten. The developmental^
appropriate curriculum encourages exploration, creativity, values, critical
thinking and the joy for learning in a Jewish environment. Over five
resources and enrichment classes weekly including music, technology,
language, art, drama, dance, physical education, science, Judaica and
more. TuitionTree Voluntary Pre-Kindergarten program offered. After-
noon Kids’ Club and hot lunch program available.
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
PRESCHOOL
CELEBRATE
DISCOVER
Preschool Registration has begun for Fall 2008.
For enrollment information and/or to
schedule a tour, please call Stephanie Teitelbaum
at 268-4200 ext. 143.
Two year old through Pre-K programs accredited by the Florida Kindergarten Council
25
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
