Committees and Organizations
A Message from the Membership Director
Membership Committee
long-standing members happily engaged in Jewish life at the
Center. The committee implemented the New Member Host
Program in January. Each new member is matched with an
existing family or individual as soon as they join the Center.
The host acts as a buddy to this new member for the first year
of their membership. The host assures that they feel welcomed
and are invited to a home for Shabbat dinners and holidays.
The Membership Committee is very proud of this program and
welcomes any members to become a part of this meaningful
host program.
The membership committee has also been instrumental
in planning the following successful programming throughout
the year:
• New Member Sunday Brunch at the Center
• New Member Sundae Party at the home of Robin &
Jeffery Morris
• Monthly Congregational Shabbat Dinners
• Holiday Shopping Bazaar
• Hanukkah Dinner & Celebration
• Purim Bash & Coffee Bar for Empty Nesters
• Dance Classes
• “Moonlight & Masterpieces” - An Evening of Art at
R.Roberts Gallery in Avondale
• The Chai Society Group - Monthly get togethers for our
60 plus members
• Father’s Day Sun Splash Party
Membership Committee Members for 5768:
Shirley Bielski, Moti Demri, Susan DuBow, Holly Ernas,
Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg, Rhoda
Goldstein, Brad Herbst, Polina Koropova, Mitchell
Levine, Sue Levine, Andrea Mail, Robin Morris, Sonya
Morris, Karen Morse, Harry Peltz, Lita Poehlman, Kate
Robbins, Jeanine Rogozinski, Barbara Safer, Neil Sandler,
Melanie Setzer, Cindy Silverberg, Michele Steinfeld, Beth
Shorstein, Stephanie Teitelbaum, Joan Waitz, Lara Werwa,
Beth Wolpoff, Talie Zaifert and Sandy Zimmerman.
T!
Christina Levine
ן he Torah teaches
the importance
of opening our
hearts to everyone and
treating them like family.
It has been my mission as
Membership Director to
focus my efforts toward continuously providing a welcoming
environment at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. To create
a spiritual center where everyone can feel connected, it is
important to be passionate about opening our doors and
encouraging people to come in to experience all the Center
has to offer.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has been the “center”
of many Jewish lives for over 100 years and continues to
welcome newcomers to become a part of the community. I
would like to thank all of those that have contributed to our
growing membership, whether it was by inviting a friend to
an event or just by saying “Shabbat Shalom” to the person
next to you in services. A special thank you to all who
have volunteered as greeters at special events, holidays
or services. You have all participated in the mitzvah of
hachnasat orchim, the welcoming of guests, which is filled
with meaning and purpose.
I join my husband Mark, sons Ellis and Ethan in
wishing you all a year filled with health, happiness, peace
& spiritual relationships.
Shana Tova,
— Christina Levine
“So you are to love the
sojourner, for
sojourners were you in
the land of Egypt.”
-Deuteronomy 10:19
27
