Special Events
5768 Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival of Sukkot.
Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On Simhat Torah, we bring to
a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin anew. An ancient tradition evolved of
honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit.
In our synagogue tradition, we also honor the contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil, “Woman of Valor”.
Susan DuBow
Ayshet Hayil
After leaving
Jacksonville for
New York, and then
Los Angeles, Susan
was a partner in an
80 person public
relations and
marketing firm. Her
clients, and several of the events she
worked on, included Barbra Streisand,
Barry Manilow, Howie Mandel, Jenny
McCarthy, James Brolin, Ed McMahon,
Vanity Fair’s Oscar Party, Entertainment
Tonight’s Emmy Party, In Style
Magazine’s Golden Globe Party and
many more. Susan and her partners sold
the firm in 2000 and she moved home to
Jacksonville.
Upon returning home, Susan has
unselfishly devoted her time to many
worthwhile endeavors. She currently is
serving as Interim Executive Director of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center; she also
serves on the Board of Directors at the
Jewish Federation, Memories of Love,
and the Community Hospice Foundation.
She has chaired the Center Raffle, co-
chaired the River Garden Gala and
created a maj or fundraiser for Community
Hospice for Northeast Florida.
With her generous heart and spirit,
and her tremendous leadership abilities,
we honor Susan as our Ayshet Hayil,
Woman of Valor. Mazel Tov to Susan,
her daughter Shira, her parents and her
entire family.
Scott Zimmerman
Hatan Bereshit
Born and raised in
Jacksonville, from
kindergarten at 3rd
& Silver to
Confirmation,
Scott’s own Jewish
education was
received in the
synagogue and classrooms of the Center.
Who better to teach here, than he who
himself has been taught here?
After graduating from the
University of South Florida, with a
Bachelors in Elementary and Early
Childhood Education, Scott taught
elementary school for six years before
joining his family’s business in 1982.
Scott served on the Board of
Directors, the Youth Commission and the
Religious Committee for many years.
He was the JJC Basketball Commissioner
from 20002004־, and taught Hebrew
School and Sunday School under the
leadership of Rabbi Kentof.
Since 2000, Scott has been the
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School Etgar teacher, JJC Ritual Director
and B’nai Mitzvah Coordinator. He has
trained over 200 children for their Bar/
Bat Mitzvahs and organized over 1500
Torah readings. His dedication to the
Center is unmatched.
We look forward to our future with
this year’s Hatan Bereshit! Mazel Tov to
Scott & Suzanne, children Casie and
Aron, and all the members of his family.
Mitchell Levine
Hatan Torah
Born and raised in
Miami, Mitch and
his wife Sue moved
to Jacksonville in
1988 from Stamford,
Connecticut. Mitch
graduated from
Vanderbilt
University with a degree in English
Literature, and from the University of
Pittsburgh School of Dentistry with
distinction. He went on to complete an
orthodontic residency at Temple University
in 1986 and earned Diplómate status from
the American Board of Orthodontics in
1996. He is a fellow of the College of
Diplomates and has been in the private
practice of orthodontics since 1988.
Mitch has been on the Center’s
Board of Directors for a number of years.
Presently, he is beginning his term as the
President of the synagogue. A regular
Friday morning minyan attendee, he has
also been a Raffle co-chair.
Mitch has served as both Campaign
Chair and President of the Jacksonville
Jewish Federation. He is the past chair of
the Beit Midrash Hebrew High Program
and was a member of the Board of
Directors for United Jewish Communities
(UJC) as well as a member of the United
Jewish Appeal Leadership Cabinet. A past
recipient of the llene Selevan Young
Leadership Award, he currently sits on the
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation board of
directors.
Mitch and Sue were recently
honored by the Jewish National Fund with
the Tree of Life award, as well as by the
State of Israel Bonds for their commitment
to Israel and the Jewish community.
We extend a hearty Mazel Tov to
Mitch and Sue, their daughters Stefanie,
Kara, Emily and Jenna and their entire
family.
37
