Special Events
We Gratefully Acknowledge
Our Community Sponsors
The Gottlieb Family & Jacksonville Bank
Greene-Hazel & Associates
DuBow Family Foundation
Jacksonville Greyhound Racing
Jacksonville Jaguars, Ltd.
Far East Brokers and Consultants
GrayRobinson, P.A.
Nimnicht Cadillac
PetGuard
Promo Depot
TSG Realty
Vandroff Insurance
Wachovia Securities - The Jaffe Group
Audio Video Lifestyles, Inc.
The Parker Family
Liberty Property Trust
Seafood Sales & Service
Party City of Jacksonville
T.C.S. ־ Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
The Howard Roey Family
Everbank
Mizrahi & Garris Insurance Agency
Ramada Inn - Mandarin
S.E. Joseph & Sons
Shorstein & Kelly Attorney’s at Law, P.A.
9th Annual JJC Golf Classic
The 9th annual Golf Classic, played at the Ponte Vedra Ocean
Course, was not only a great financial success, but a great
time was had by all who participated. Camaraderie was high
and the competition was keen. Congratulations to all.
The credit for this successful program goes to Rick Plotkin,
tournament chair, the committee: Sandy Zimmerman,
Michael DuBow, Jeff Leach, Ben Setzer, Howie Wolpoff,
and Lori Schoettler, Center administrative liaison.
Additional thanks goes to all who helped the day of the
tournament.
The beautiful, Waterford crystal, Horty
T. Gendzier Cup was presented to
the tournament winners Joe Bucher,
John Roberts and Price Schwenck of
Jacksonville Bank.
Horty T. Gendzier was a dedicated
beacon of Jewish education and a
Horty T. Gendzier champion of youth at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and the community. Once
again she was remembered and appreciated when this year’s
Waterford crystal award, the “HORTY,” was presented to
the tournament champions, the team from the Jacksonville
Bank. Proceeds of this fundraising effort directly benefit
scholarships for Jewish education at the Center.
Since 1999, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Golf Classic has
raised thousands of dollars in scholarship money for Samuel &
Esther Galinsky Educational Programs at the Center. Through
the generosity of our sponsors, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is able to offer financial assistance regardless of synagogue
affiliation.
41
