ן— 2009־2008
PTA Officers
Presidents:
Sue Levine and
Perrin Rubin
Past President:
Debbie Banks
Preschool Parents
Committee Liaison:
Gabrielle Bubis
Teacher Liaison:
Shelly Zavon
VPs Fundraising:
Risa Herman and
Sam Levin
VP Membership:
Christina Levine
VP Programming:
Tammy Schemer
VP Services:
Debbie Goldstein
Treasurer:
Sara Gross
Secretary:
Alyse Nathans
Jay Sandler
Music
Shannon Gutterman
Art
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Parent-Teacher Association
The PTA of the schools of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is committed to being the leading
source of parent involvement in our schools. Parent involvement is crucial to our children
and allows them to not only perform better in school, but also more easily navigate through the
challenges of growing up.
The PTA of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and the Preschool Parents Committee work
together to provide many wonderful programs for our children, strengthen our schools through
fundraising, and work with our teachers in every way to show our appreciation for their dedication
to nurture and educate our children. We also provide opportunities to better educate ourselves as
parents.
Some of the outstanding programs provided by PTA are Red Ribbon Day (Drug Awareness),
Mystery Reader, Vision Screening, Holiday Observance, Shabbat Boxes, and the publication
of our yearbook, The Pride. Our annual Kaleidoscope Day provides a day of arts and cultural
education for our children.
One of our most successful programs and fundraisers this past year was our Chai Walk, which
raises monies to benefit all the Center schools. Our magazine sale is another important annual
fundraiser and we invite all of you to participate. All new magazine sales and renewing magazine
subscriptions benefit the schools. We would like to thank our many sponsors, families and friends
for coming together and supporting our schools in such a generous way. Successful fundraising
benefits every classroom in the preschool and day school, as well as provides for enhancements
as requested by our principals.
We hope you will join us as a volunteer or come to one of our programs, as we work together to
create a future community of knowledgeable and responsible Jewish citizens.
Sue Levine and Perrin Rubin
PTA Co- Presidents
200809־ Resource Teachers
Liza Furman
Physical
Education
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Coordinator
Andrea Hernandez
Technology
Coordinator
liana Manasse
Judaica Staff
Coordinator
Kathy Stark
Mitzvah Program
Assistant
Louise Leonard
Librarian
Kim Glasgal-Levy
Technology Assistant
Jo Ann Kagan
Academic Resources
93
