Milestone Events
Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School Graduation
Wednesday, May 14, 2008
The graduation ceremony for the 7th grade Etgar class
marked the completion of Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School and promotion to Beit Midrash Hebrew High.
This year’s graduates from the Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
are: Blair DeCrispino, Charlie DuBow, Jeffrey Goldring,
Joshua Gordon, Katherine Guth, Erica Katzin, Elana
Maiman, Charles Pett, David Raikes, Jacob Raikes,
Joshua Schoettler, Joshua Stevens, and Justin Vitiello.
had prepared on the theme “If I built my own synagogue I
would...”. As is customary, the Center Sisterhood gave each
participant a Tanakh and booklet of mazel tov greetings
from members of the congregation. The Center Men’s Club
presented a Kiddush cup to each Confirmand.
This year’s Confirmants are: Molly Appel, Michael
Appelbaum, Richard “Richie” Bailys, Alyssa DeCrispino,
Aliza Goldstein, Matthew Kingson, Eric Levenson,
Kara Levine, Charles “Charlie” Raitt, Zach Rogozinski,
Gabriel Rosner, Manny Shapiro
Hagigat HaSiddur - Consecration
Shabbat Morning, February 2, 2008
First Grade students of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School celebrated a Haggigat HaSiddur - Consecration
marking the beginning of their formal Hebrew education. To
celebrate the 60th anniversary of Israel the students presented
songs and readings about many aspects of Israel.
Mazel tov to the consecrants and their families: Casey
Balotin, Rose Blumenfeld, Cayla Canady, Alex Cywes,
Claire Cywes, Jacqueline Emas, Danielle Fetner, Tyler
Fishman, Lilian Goldberg, Barbara Goldstein, Benjamin
Greenhut, Madison Grosse, Brianna Grossman, Naomi
Herman, Lily Hernandez, Shoshana Howard, Rachel
Levy, Ellis Levine, Talya Parnés, Julia Plotkin, Jacob
Saperstein, Gil Sapolsky, Sarah Schemer, Gillian Shapiro,
Samuel Sommers, Sydney Teitelbaum, Abigail Zilberman,
Sabrina Zilberman, Bennett Zimmerman, Brooke
Zimmerman, Wendell Zimmerman & Alyssa Zunic
Shavu’ot - Confirmation
6 & 7 Sivan 5768, June 8- 10, 2008
Shavu’ot celebrates the receiving of the Torah and
Ten Commandments. It is fitting that this festival should
acknowledge the accompanying sense of commitment to
Jewish life that Confirmation represents.
Throughout the festival, our Confirmands demonstrated
the knowledge they had gained through completion of the
Beit Midrash Hebrew High program by fully participating
in Shavu’ot services. In addition, students read essays they
98
