— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism Framework for Excellence School
A Message from the Religious School Director
Jewish education that prepares them to
enter our community as capable young
adults.
Grades K, 1 and 2 attend for 2 hours
on Sundays only. We offer six full hours
for 3rd through 7th grades by adding
two weekday afternoons (Mondays
and Wednesdays), which allows us to
present an in-depth language and prayer
curriculum as well as the involvement
of our clergy on a frequent basis. Our
students are regular participants in
synagogue-wide programs, services,
and special events. Parent Education
programs, if desired, are also available at
convenient times. Small classes allow our children (and
parents!) to form life-long bonds and nurture a love of
our rich Jewish heritage.
Shanah tovah!
— Lois Tompkins, Principal
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
e are once again looking
forward to a new and
exciting year at the Bernard
& Alice Selevan Religious School. We
have intensified our Hebrew program
and added several new dimensions to
our curriculum, including: a highly-
successful spiritual component led by our
Rabbis, an accelerated program designed
to challenge our advanced students,
musical involvement with our new
Hazzan Jesse Holzer, and an expanded
art and computer element. An individual
tracking and assessment system is now
in place to assure that each and every
student progresses at their own pace with their Hebrew
reading, language, and prayer skills. A special-needs
professional is always on hand to give support as
needed to individuals and groups. Rounded out with
a strong Judaica curriculum, including Torah, Mitzvot,
History, Life Cycle, and Holiday, numerous family
programs, and a dedicated and nurturing staff, our
award-winning Religious School provides a complete
Youth Congregations■
Meet Shabbat Mornings
1 la.m. to Noon
Gan Shabbat
5 years and under
Mini-Minyan
Kindergarten -1 st Grade
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
20082009־ Religious School Staff
99
