Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 has been a part of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center youth program for 69
years and is the oldest pack in northeast Florida with
a continuous charter. Scouting continues to create
global leaders with strong abilities while enjoying
wholesome outdoor activities with friends and
family.
Boy Scout Troop 14
Boy Scout Troop 14 had yet another great year of scouting adventure and advancement. The troop hiked, fished, white
water rafted during numerous camping trips throughout this year, achieving important merit badges for advancement.
Eagle Scout is the highest rank a Boy Scout can achieve.
Troop 14 had three scouts attain this rank, including Benjamin
Gatewood, son of Vicki and Steve, Jacob Hecht, son of Rose and
Larry and Harrison Safer, son of Ilisa and Steven. Among rigorous
requirements, these scouts earned 21 merit badges and completed
community projects.
This year, the Scouts went all over the United States for their
summer camp experience, including Camp Daniel Boone in North
Carolina and Philmont in Cimarron, New Mexico. Locally, many
attended Camp Echockotee in Orange Park. They all earned merit
badges to achieve higher ranks.
The scouts ventured into many leadership roles within
the troop. Harrison Safer, elected by the other scouts, took the
leadership role as Senior Patrol Leader. He was responsible for
leading and organizing the scouts during our meetings. Under
Harrison’s leadership, Joey Dametz headed the Shark patrol and Zachary Sandler was in charge of the Tiger patrol, both elected
positions. These scout leaders were responsible for troop planning, activities and patrol participation. Harrison, Joey and
Zachary were excellent leadership role models for the Boy Scouts and Troop 14.
Next year, our Troop will celebrate its 90th Anniversary. We look forward to seeing the Center’s scouts at the celebration.
Look in the bulletin for upcoming details about this event.
Troop 14 looks forward to continuing its proud tradition of providing Jewish youth with a Boy Scouting experience. If
you enjoy camping, sports and a variety of outdoor activities, and are between the ages of 11 and 18, we invite you to attend
our meetings!
—Bruce Goldring, Scoutmaster
113
