Community Organizations
Hadassah
We are the largest Jewish, the largest volunteer, the
largest women’s membership organization in the United
States with 300,000 members and associates in every state,
each Congressional District, and in more than 30 countries
around the world. Hadassah is dedicated to educating and
empowering women about their health, their rights, their
religion, and Israel by providing leadership and training in
every community through our extensive network of 1600
chapters and groups.
Our educational activities include Jewish and women’s
issue-oriented programs, study groups, and educational and
leadership training institutes and academies such as Youth
Programs — Al Galgalim and Wheeling On which offer
holiday based programming for children and their families
teaching them how to celebrate Shabbat and the Jewish
holidays together. Other activites are Check It Out® which
are breast and testicular health awareness programs for
teens and adults, the Education and Action for a Healthy
Tomorrow program for the prevention of osteoporosis, heart
disease, breast/colon cancer, and HPV (human papilloma
virus), and the Read״Write״Now volunteer tutoring programs
to improve reading and writing skills in grades 1-6.
Hadassah’s projects are the Hadassah Medical
Organization (HMO), which provides state-of-the-art health
care to nearly a million patients a year regardless of race,
religion, or nationality, Hadassah College Jerusalem, Young
Judaea, Youth Aliyah/Children at Risk and the Jewish
National Fund. Please visit our website www.hadassah.org
for more information on these incredible projects.
The Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah consists of four
groups throughout the city and the beaches. It would be my
pleasure to discuss which group would best suit your interests.
Feel free to contact me, Lin Pomerantz, at 904.923.8030
or linpomer@comcast.net.
American Friends of Magen David Adorn ־ ARMDI
Founded as a First Aid Society in 1930, Magen David Adorn
is continually evolving. The INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS
has accepted MDA as a full member and ARMDI added American
Friends of Magen David Adorn to it’s official name in the United
States.
MDAresponds to all medical emergencies, from pregnancies,
heart attacks, strokes and illness to traffic accidents, work-related
injuries and terror attacks - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, year
after year. Within minutes, one of MDA’s rescue units arrive on
the scene. Trained volunteers and professional medical responders
administer immediate help or transport the patient to a hospital.
They continually train to upgrade and maintain their skills and to
keep abreast of the latest technology.
In Jacksonville, we raise needed funds. Mishloach Manot
cards and Cards & Certificates proceeds have been used to replenish
MDA ambulances and First Aid Stations in the Hadera-Eiron
Region with replacement equipment, Bandaids and Bandages. Vera
& Mort Benjamin, 387-9372 can offer suggestions and then send
them for you. Each $1 donated to our puzzle project also helps. If
you would like to make a contribution to this fund, please send a
check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4543 Rock River Road W, Jacksonville
FL 32224; your name will go on the back of a puzzle piece donated
to a local shelter while the funds go directly to Israel.
Our annual raffle helps the MDA National Blood Service
Center meet 100% of the blood and plasma needs of the IDF
and 95% of the rest of the country. It is currently undergoing
modernization and expansion of its research and blood storage
facilities. Without the help of volunteers like Ray Hardy this would
not be possible.
The MDA Israel Cord Blood Bank Center removes stem
cells from the cord blood donated by parents of healthy babies,
as well as tests, types and store these to be primarily used to treat
cancers and blood disasters.
With a fiscal year of 1 Jan - 31 Dec - it’s the same as the
calendar year. Show your support for the State of Israel for only
$25 or $200 Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh
by joining today and be paid thru 31 Dec 2009. Mail to Mitzvah
ARMDI, 10323 Docksider Drive E, Jacksonville, FL 32257
For us its only a check, for them it could mean life itself
2008 -2009 Presidents
Chapter
Lin Pomerantz
Aronson Health Care Professionals Group:
Sondar Resnikoff
Shir Li:
Lisa Bergman
Tammy Shuman
Tikva:
Joanne Rosenberg
Yamit:
Judi Robert
Susan Sidle
2008 -2009 Officers of the
Mitzvah Chapter Magen David Adorn-
Wendy Honigman & Joan Waitz
Hana Schindler
Elisheva Shields
Dr George Glossman
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Vera & Mort Benjamin
Ray Hardy
Publicity: Michael Lewyn
Bulletin: Pricilla Schmerer
Raffle: Meir Cohen
Retention: Deb Hanlon
Board: Dr. Joseph Honigman,
Carol & Harvey Matoren, Dr. Andrew Sauer,
Naomi Lazar, Penny Powell
Emeritus Board: Ilse Gottlieb, Drs. Chiel & Olga Wind
Co-Presidents:
Executive Vice-President:
Membership Coordinator:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Cards/Donations:
Outreach:
191
