Community Agencies
‘Dowd Á. S^téirv
Jewish Community Alliance
tyrv (n& LJ¿ ra/lAeAs OorvwMwdñ
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone (904) 7302100־, Fax (904) 7302444־, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
The JCA offers so many wonderful new Jewish programs and activities. We continue
to serve the Jewish community more completely and better each year. We strive to welcome
all and share our Jewish traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to strengthen Jewish life, serve as a common meeting
ground, and enhance the quality of life of the entire community. To aid us in that mission,
the JCA has a 4,500־square־foot, state-of-the-art fitness center with more than 100 pieces
of strength and cardiovascular equipment, a remodeled adult lounge, a new pottery and arts
studio, a new aerobics area and additional classrooms for the Early Childhood Education
program.
The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high-quality programs for
people of all ages including: accredited summer camp and preschool, Mommy and Me, after
school care, young family programs, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer, J Institute, mature adult
activities, youth theatre, fitness and recreational programs, Machón Aviv, Young Concert
Artist series, All Things Jewish, culture and arts programs, and by providing a place for
family, “neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other 10-
cal synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and celebrations.
Some of the fabulous programs include: Ask the Rabbi, Jewish Book Festival, special film
showings of “Look to the Sky” and “A Life Apart - Hasidism in America,” and Celebrate
Israel celebration.
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to
be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to all.
Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs — after all, YOU ALREADY
BELONG.
The JCA is the common meeting ground for the entire Jewish Community.
Shalom!
JCA
2008 - 20009—
Executive Board
David C. Miller
President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Jan Lipsky
Vice President
Katie Kight
Secretary
Charles Berman
Treasurer
Suzette Allen
At Large
Malcolm Bloom
At Large
Brian Mendelson
At Large
David A. Stein
Honorary Chairman
Steve Sherman
Past President
Kenneth B. Jacobs
Past President
Myron Flagler
Executive Director
188
