A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
My Space, Yours And Ours
emphasizes the indispensable role each
person plays in his own redemption.
But the liturgy of the High Holidays also
never allows us to forget the ties which bind
us to others. It is hardly accidental that the
various confessionalsofthepenitentialprayers
are always phrased in the plural. We confess
even those sins we have not committed as a
reminder that our decisions impact on others
and vice versa. As the Talmudic sage, Rabbi
Elazar ben Shimon once noted: “Inasmuch
as the world is judged in accordance with the majority of its
deeds, and the individual is judged in accordance with the
majority of his deeds, if one performs a single mitzvah, he has
tipped his scale and the scale of the world toward merit; if he
commits one sin, he has tipped the scale toward sinfulness for
himself and for the world” (Babylonian Talmud, Kiddushin
40a־b). Each generation repeats Cain’s surly question of
God, “Am I my brother’s keeper?” Time and again, Judaism
emphatically responds, “Yes, you are”.
Electronic social networking is undeniably useful for
those living in isolation from the rest of the world. But as one-
dimensional as the old-fashioned yearbook may be, it offers
an advantage that cyberspace creations like Facebook never
will: it provides a record of what real people have actually
accomplished in tandem with others. Funk & Wagnalls
Dictionary tells us that the English word “virtual” means “the
effect or the appearance, but not the actual form, of what is
specified”. Virtual community cannot replicate what it fails
to achieve in the first place: the presence of people caring for
and communicating with each other face-to-face.
The more wifi and the web cam encroach on our
personal space, the more we will hunger and long for live
interaction with others. That we already possess the power to
create virtual synagogues is indisputable; the real question is
why on earth would we ever want to?
We warmly welcome Hazzan Jesse Holzer and his
wife, Leora, to our community, and look forward to praying,
learning, celebrating and sharing with them in real time. Join
us any day — no collaborative or
social software needed!
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar
join me in wishing you and your
loved ones a New Year of health,
blessing and meaning. May we all
be inscribed in the Book of Life.
שנה טובה תכתבו ותחתמו
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
A;
x \.e
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
few months ago National Public
Radio aired a story about an
!.endangered species: the college
yearbook. With hundreds of millions of
youthful subscribers, social network services
such as "MySpace and Facebook are beginning
to make the old-fashioned yearbook obsolete.
Through the internet, users may chat, send
instant messages, post photographs, videos
and audio clips, and build personal networks
around common interests. Access to these
websites is generally free, paid for by the barrage of advertising
banners that flash across one’s screen. In contrast, a college
yearbook can easily cost more than a hundred dollars, and
lacks interactive capability. Once it’s been looked at what can
a yearbook do, except gather dust on a bookshelf?
Yet these invidious comparisons are rather superficial.
Turn the pages of any yearbook, including this one, and you
will glimpse an entire community in motion, catching sight
of its collective experiences and shared celebrations. On the
other hand, a quick tour of Facebook and its internet cousins
reveals an exercise in electronic narcissism; they are a multi-
sensory paean of praise to all that is “I, Me, Mine”, to quote
the title of a well-known Beatles’ tune.
Thousands of years ago, the great sage Hillel
understood the need to balance self-care with concern for
others. “He used to say: Tf I am not for myself who will be
for me? If I am only for myself, what am I?”’ (Avot 1:14). To
love one’s neighbor as oneself requires a dose of healthy self-
respect, an appreciation of the Divine spark that makes each
of us priceless and unique in God’s eyes. It is this very belief,
however, that enjoins us to cherish others for their equally
precious qualities. A cult of self that cannot connect with
space other than one’s own is idolatry by another name.
The equilibrium that Judaism establishes between
individual and community finds meaningful expression in
the Yamim Noraim, the Days of Awe that begin with Rosh
Hashanah and end with Yom Kippur. There are no days on
the calendar when synagogues are more crowded than the
Jewish New Year and the Day of 131111
Atonement, yet paradoxically, the
message of the season is largely
personal and private. We are
asked to recognize our aloneness
before God, to assume individual
responsibility for our mistakes and
failures. That Yom Kippur only
brings atonement for sins against
others to the extent that we rectify
the wrongs we have committed
