A Message from Rabbi Weiner
Our ancestor Abraham faced ten trials and stood through them all.
our midst. No longer a novelty, Healing
Services have become a regular part of
synagogue life; as attendance grows,
their power to bring solace and support is
intensified. To ensure that all of us receive
appropriate, sensitive spiritual care at area
hospitals, I maintain strong relationships
with multifaith chaplains all over the city.
Sometimes they serve as my chaplains;
In return I do my best to be their rabbi,
available to answer questions, help avoid
cultural and religious gaffes and lead
educational programming. Please help us support you
when you or a loved one is in hospital; we will only be
able to provide a warm embrace if you let us know.
Finally in light of Rabbi Alan Lew’s visit for
last year’s Safer Shabbaton, a number of spiritual
seekers have taken the next step in a journey linking
their meditation practices and their Judaism. Many
participants are new to spiritual practice; others, myself
included, are steeped in the Jewish spiritual practice of
davening; still others are experienced meditators. As a
part of this homecoming, a meditation group takes place
at the Center on the second Shabbat of the month at
9:15 AM. There is nothing quite like the stillness of soul
that one achieves by focusing on the present moment of
breath and body in community. Here the challenge is
not to get too comfortable: As our meditative practice
grows, it should come to enrich other areas of our
personal lives - and the life of our synagogue. All are
invited to partake in this relaxed, informal journey.
As do all of us, Abraham faced and stood through a
number of challenges in his life. Each of those challenges
brought him new insight into his own character as well
as into the nature of the world, of God and of humanity.
I pray that all the challenges we face in this coming year
yield growth and wisdom.
Judith and Joseph join
me in wishing the entire
community a shana tova
umetuka, a good and sweet
new year.
— Rabbi David Weiner
This snippet from Pirkei Avot,
an early collection of wisdom
from Ancient Judaism’s greatest
teachers, stands out from the rest. Usually
these maxims are phrased as advice to
the individual; this one appears to be a
discussion of something that happened to
our ancestor in days of yore. If this is the
case, we ask, what place does it have in
this compendium? Rabbi Shalom Noach
Berezovsky, leader of the Slonimer
Hasidim in Jerusalem’s Old City in the
late twentieth century, sees this teaching through a
different lens.
The Slonimer teaches that each one of us
embodies a bit of Abraham. As a result, we face trials in
our lives much like he did, critical moments when new
challenges emerge and push us beyond our expectations
and notions of where our lives might be taking us. We,
like Abraham, have the responsibility and opportunity
to stand through those challenges.
Quiet times are rare at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, and every year brings new challenges for me.
When Mr. Marc Leventhal announced his departure
from the Martin J. Gottleib Day School, I was invited
to assume responsibilities as Middle School Rabbi
beginning in August. In that capacity, I now teach sixth
through eighth grade about twelve hours each week as
a part of the Judaic Studies faculty, lead and participate
in prayer services with our students and help our
curriculum evolve and grow. Through my teaching, I
hope to help our students find depth of meaning that will
enrich their spiritual journeys and help them solidify
their connection to the Jewish people and way of life.
Alongside this new challenge remain many others.
I retain primary responsibility
for our pastoral care program,
through which we provide
clergy and lay visits and phone
calls to ill and homebound
congregants, and it continues
to grow. In cooperation with
the Jewish Healing Network,
dedicated volunteers from the
Hesed Committee selflessly
reach out to the neediest in
Rabbi David Weiner
7
