Communities and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
5769
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Men’s Club
— 2008-2009 —
Men’s Club Officers
President
Dan Wohl
Vice President
Neil Gordon
Secretary
Devon Rubin
Treasurer
Harry Peltz
Board Members
Allan Andrew
Moti Demri
Brad Herbst
Mike Herring
Bruce Phillips
Dave Schmerer
Todd Werwa
Past Presidents
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
“Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life99
This is an organization dedicated to the enrichment of Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish community. The Men’s Club provides an opportunity for
our Center men to work together supporting, sponsoring, and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish
Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs (FJMC), an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center participation
have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards
from FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program is now a model for Men’s
Clubs across the nation. We continue to participate in a wide range of programs and
activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so that every
Congregant can honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah. We sponsor
educational programs based on the “Hearing Men’s Voices” series on issues involving
family, religion, career and health for the Jewish man in today’s world.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and Education leaders to
support your children and the Center youth organizations. We are available to lend
a helping hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima conventions.
We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards
that recognize and reward our youth for reading Torah in our synagogue services.
The Men’s Club Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to one
Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life commitment necessary
to bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children. We provide hand crafted
Israeli Kiddush cup sets for the Confirmation students and a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students. We sponsor and raise funds for the Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to
attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who otherwise would not
have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends, have fun, and meet
people from our synagogue as well as our regional Jewish community. Our members
regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball and touch football
games, depending on the season, of course! Over the years, we have gone on deep
sea fishing trips, provided opportunities to meet with local Jewish celebrities, and
have had family outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball and Barracudas ice hockey
games. In the fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party features lunch and raffles
while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the year,
Men’s Club members help with Sukkot and Lag B’Omer programs and we lead and
participate in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. You will find us
ushering at morning services every Shabbat and on Holidays. We are members of
the Board of Directors. We are your children’s teachers. We are your husbands, your
brothers, your friends, your fathers and sons.
If you are at least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community, membership in the Men’s Club is yours to enjoy. Give us a call.
Come on out to an activity. See what’s new. I think you’ll feel good sharing your time
and lending support with other guys like you!
—Dan Wohli Center Men’s Club President
33
