Communities and Organizations
Adult Education
5768
Rabbi Emeritus David Gaffney and his
wife Inga joined us for a wonderful weekend
of ruach and learning Nov. 2-4, 2007. Rabbi
Gaffney’s subject for the weekend Shabbaton
was Jewish Values And Modern Dilemmas:
Choices For These Critical Times. The
weekend was sponsored by a group of Center
families. Elliot & Carolyn Zisser hosted
a reception at their home on the beach on
Sunday morning.
Our annual Safer Shabbaton was held
the weekend of January 18-20 featuring
Rabbi Alan Lew, author of “One God Clapping” as our
scholar-in-residence. Rabbi Lew also known as the “Zen
Rabbi” brought an incredible level of spirituality, humor
and knowledge to what many have said was one of the
best Shabbaton weekends ever at the Center. His Sunday
morning meditation session was a huge success and many
have requested that we bring Rabbi Lew back for another
opportunity to study and meditate with him
Our schools, including our religious school, hosted
Dr. Steven Brown, Dean
and master education at
the Jewish Theological
Seminary for a weekend of
educational training for our
faculty, religious leaders and
lay leadership.
I hope in the years
to come more of you will
participate in the various
classes and programs offered
at the Center. They are such wonderful opportunities for
religious and personal growth.
It has been my honor to serve as your Adult Education
Chair for the past two years.
L’Shana Tova & Todah Rabah for your support and
encouragement during my tenure.
prepared to write this letter, I had
reflect on the words of Rabbi
vid Weiner. His thoughts, ideas
and hopes as we looked toward 5768 surely
reflect what most of us feel is relevant to the
success of our shul in providing exciting and
relevant educational opportunities for our
adults. It would take to much space to cover
all the points he addressed so I will share one
that I feel expresses a need in all of us.
“Adult education programming at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center intends
to help adults feel spiritually enriched and intellectually
engaged by their
Judaism. It builds
on curiosity, wisdom
and knowledge
already present in
each individual by
validating diverse
Jewish connections,
challenging learners
to transcend their
comfort zone and
exposing participants
to a wide range of perspectives. Furthermore, adult education
closes the gap between participants and tradition; increasing
familiarity with Judaism breeds more meaningful practice
as well as deeper understanding. Capacity for greater
involvement and learning expands with involvement, as
participants find that Judaism has something to offer them.”
“If You've Ever Wondered.. An Introduction to
Judaism ”, a 24 session course was taught by our very
capable lay teachers, Karen Hamilton & Judith Weiner.
Edith Horovitz taught the unit on Kashrut. We are blessed to
have such wonderful able and dedicated congregants willing
to commit so much of their time for the benefit of our adult
students.
Lenny Maiman and Moti Demri led another
successful Adult Beginner’s Hebrew reading course. Another
phenomenal success by two who made the class so much fun
for those in attendance.
Our rabbis continued with an
assortment of offerings such as Rabbi
Lubliner’s Monday Morning Mishna,
Monday evening Talmud class, Coffee
& Torah, Rabbi Weiner’s Think Like
a Rabbi, and Healing Service &
Mysticism for Meaning with Cantor
Ben-Moshe.
Lita Poehlman
Chair
29
