Burial and Mourning
—Committee 20082009־—
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this important com-
mittee:
Chairperson
Howard Wolpoff
Keith Kupperman
Morrie Osterer
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Jason Schmerer
Blanche Slott
Elyse Whitman
Sumner Waitz
Officers 20082009־
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President /
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bosssen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day
except Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north
on North Main Street to Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and
go until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New
Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on
43rd Street. The entrance is at the next
right, which is Liberty Street.
As part of their studies, Middle
School students of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School and the Etgar
class at the Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School learn about the
respectful care of the dead, including
tending of burial sites. Asamitzvah
project, the students annually visit the
both Center cemeteries to clean and
care for neglected headstones. We are
proud and grateful to these children
for performing an important mitzvah.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the
memory wall located in the Rogozinski Family Promenade, and a tribute in the
annual Yizkor booklets. You can also learn more about purchasing individual
and family plots at the New Center Cemetery. Details are available in the
Center office. Additionally, contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance
and maintain our cemeteries.
Hevra Kaddisha
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn re-
sponsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated lay-
men from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional duties,
and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process begins
with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the body
for burial. In addition, a Shomer, guardian, will stay at the side of the deceased
reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, un-
der the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment
and dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews re-
gardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
—Nathan C. Sandler, President
61
