— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool
Located in the Selevan Preschool & Day Care Center
A Message from the Early Childhood Director
for others, goodness, kindness. Song,
dance and hands-on activities introduce
Jewish customs and holidays, giving
children a positive feeling about
themselves and their place in the world.
We seek to create a stimulating and
enriching educational environment for
each and every child. We are devoted
to helping children learn socialization
skills, building their self-confidence and
teaching them the preliminary skills to
explore and experience the world. Our
goal is to provide children with the early foundation
and framework to prepare them for the transition to
elementary school. In addition, we seek to ignite a spark
in each child to lay claim to his/her Jewish heritage and
commit him/her to a lifetime passion for learning.
We consider ourselves partners with the parents
in their child’s preschool development. We want parents
to share in their children’s early learning experiences.
Parents are urged to communicate with the teachers.
They are also invited to join our Preschool Parent
Association, family get-togethers and parenting
workshops.
Stop by our preschool to see all the wonderful,
sweet faces, messy hands and busy feet! We are having
fun, learning and growing! Come share in our joy!
On behalf of the JJC Preschool faculty, staff, and
my own family, I wish you a Shana Tova U’Metukah, a
Healthy and Happy New Year.
— Shereen Canady
A
Shereen Canady
Director
t the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Preschool we see each child as a
unique and precious gift entrusted
into our care. This concept is what governs
our school’s educational approach. Our
emphasis is placed on the individual child
and on encouraging each child’s innate
inquisitiveness and thirst for knowledge.
When you walk into our preschool
you immediately feel at home, so welcome,
and so comfortable. You have entered an
exciting world! We are a preschool family,
and our entire staff works together to create a warm,
nurturing environment for our children.
If you peek into some of our rooms you may see
a group of moms and babies enjoying song time during
our Shalom Baby, mommy & me class. In another room
you might see a group of children experimenting with
paint. In the room across the hall, you might see Morah
Rachel leading a group in morning prayers or Morah
Miriam building an edible Noah’s Ark. You can smell
the sweet scent of honey cake coming from Ms. Joni’s
class or hear ducks quacking in Ms. Cheryl’s class. In
Ms. Haley’s class they might be building the city of
Jerusalem in the block center, while the children in Ms.
Amit’s class might be embarking on a nature walk to
find pine cones. Music time with Ms. Zina fills our
halls with song. Everyday you will find each room and
our playground buzzing with excitement and the joy of
learning.
Our children are taught basic human values- respect
Donna Slavin
Administrative Assistant
85
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris Stephanie Teitelbaum
Judaica Teachers Pre-School Admissions
Director
