— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
Located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
A Message from the Principal
A good school has formal procedures
in place to evaluate its program, standards,
faculty, and administration, primarily to
ensure that the specific learning and physical
needs of the students are being met. A great
school has these formal procedures in place,
but it will seek other methods to evaluate
whether its students’ spiritual, social, and
emotional needs are also being met. Such
a great school will evaluate what has been
learned by providing ways for children
to apply their learning to real life. These
less formal evaluations sometimes present themselves
during unexpected occasions. One such occasion was
during Shavuot, when some of the confirmands, who
áre former day school students, were reading their
essays, written in response to a prompt asking them to
design their own synagogue. These essays, so proudly
read by our future leaders, were most thoughtful, with
reflections on their own experiences and upbringing.
At the top of their lists was including a day school in
their “perfect” synagogues. For them, having a place to
live and leam Jewishly every day was a most important
priority. As I listened with hope in my heart to these
essays, I thought to myself how fortunate it is for our
students that our devoted parents, our very involved
Rabbis and Cantor, our extraordinary teachers, and our
dedicated Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center are so committed to the future of our great day
school.
Wishing you and your families a good and sweet
year‘ — Carole Goldberg
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School,
housed within the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, is one of
seventy-five schools in the country
affiliated with the prestigious Solomon
Schechter Day School Association,
which operates under the umbrella of
the United Synagogue of Conservative
Judaism. Our day school offers a
comprehensive bilingual education in
Judaic and General Studies, including
resources in music, art, technology and
physical education, for kindergarten through eighth
grade students.
Visit the Jacksonville Jewish Center during the
week, and walk the halls and grounds where you will
hear the varied sounds of our students: singing, and
sometimes dancing, to their prayers; skip-counting in
line on their way to a resource class; quizzing each other
at their lockers before a demanding test; squealing with
delight over a well-placed basketball shot; giggling as
butterflies, nurtured in their classroom, flutter about
and land on noses and ears. Listen to the other sounds
of learning from students and teachers, in Hebrew and
in English, and see the serious looks of thoughtful
discussion and the wide-eyed expressions during the
“aha” moments. Note the use of technology, particularly
our new SMART Boards, integrated into all aspects of
learning. Watch and listen to the countless preparations
for mitzvah trips and projects, allowing our students to
actively make the world a better place. You will sense
that you are in a great school.
Carole Goldberg
Principal
Jessie Roman
Administrative Assistant
91
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
Executive Assistant
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of the
Middle School
