Center Youth Department
A Message from the Youth Director
that they will carry with them forever.
Through our advisors, your children
learn to be responsible, resourceful, original
and creative. Those adults are committed
to youth groups rich in Jewish values and
traditions. They serve as true mentors,
instilling a sense of pride in all our young
people.
We, at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Youth Department, strive to grow along with
our children. We must encourage them to
continue their Jewish and community social
action participation and guide them in their efforts to
become educated, open-minded Jewish adults.
I continue to look forward to helping guide our
children in these important endeavors. Thank you all for
another wonderful year.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families.
— Gayle D. Bailys
Growing up at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center provides our
children with many fine
opportunities to be productive members
of their community, both inside and
outside the building. We are proud to
contribute to that growth.
One of our main goals is to teach
the children the importance of giving
back. That is repeatedly accomplished
through the many projects and programs
the Center Youth Department offers.
They not only learn to put smiles oh other people’s faces,
but we’ve seen plenty of smiles on our kids’ young faces as
well. The memories created by these moments are, as the
commercial says, priceless.
The interaction among the children is also a special
part of life in the Youth Department. They often don’t
realize that they are learning and growing as they have so
much fun. The friendships they make and the relationships
they mold with the leaders of the Center are, again, things
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The
committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that the future of Conservative
Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue
summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY ־ on ־ Wheels, Ramah
Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities for our children to share
wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth Commission
assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue and community.
Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring warm wishes and
promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing
and email addresses.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and development
within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and
Youth Director, sets the standards and
policies for these programs.
103
