Community Agencies
*gk River Garden
Excellence in Adult Care and Services
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • 2601818־ • www.rivergarden.org
Governor’s Gold Seal Award for Excellence in Long-Term Care
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long...” It was this
commandment, which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home
in 1946. It was this commandment, which nourished the love, and care that
for more than sixty years has made River Garden a nationally recognized
model of excellence in its field. It was this commandment that made it
necessary to create a Home that is welcoming to families and encourages the
use of it as an extension of family space. River Garden residents are part of
the community not apart from it.
River Garden Hebrew Home is the anchor of a growing system of elder
services including the Home, The Coves, The Therapy Center, Resident Care
Services Program and Home Health Agency. The success of River Garden
is based on the tradition of meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community
needs and of serving rich and poor alike with excellence. The River Garden
Foundation accepts donations to help River Garden continue to meet its
mission. This would not be possible without substantial charitable support
from the community and the work of The River Garden Foundation to
stimulate planned gift annuities, trusts and bequests.
River Garden’s programs of short-stay rehabilitation, respite care,
long-term residential care, Alzheimer’s/Dementia care, Adult Day Program,
and outpatient therapies serve hundreds of people a day. These programs are
guided by a devoted, professional full time staff of over 275. Staff includes
physicians, nurses, certified nursing assistants, social workers, pharmacists,
activities specialists, beauticians, physical, occupational and speech
therapists, dieticians, and other support staff. In addition, scores of dedicated
volunteers help create a special caring community.
River Garden’s 35-acre Mandarin campus containing lush Florida
landscape, private lake, and meandering walking paths is the perfect setting
for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community where people live,
love and care. It is a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content,
and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the
Fifth Commandment.
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Fred Tromberg
Vice President:
Ron Elinoff
Vice President:
Michael Greenburg
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Secretary:
Allen Gray
Treasurer:
Edward Grenadier
River Garden Hebrew Home
President:
Janis Fleet
Vice Pres./Admissions: Mark Lodinger
Vice Pres./Admissions: Skip Willbach
Vice President/House: Jack Price
Secretary:
Judy Paul
Treasurer:
Cindy Demri
River Garden Foundation
President:
Stacie Wilf
Vice President:
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President:
Debby Harris
Vice President:
Curtis Hazel
Secretary:
Veronica Maybury
Treasurer:
Jeffrey R. Edwards
The Coves Board
President:
Michael Lissner
Vice President:
C. Donald Romo
Vice President:
Lois Schlesinger
Secretary:
Shirley Bielski
Treasurer:
Dennis Lafer
River Garden
FOUNDATION
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established
to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services.
This elegant yet affordable retire-
ment community is located on River Gar-
den’s 35 acre campus in Mandarin.
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit River
Garden Holding Company, The Coves
offers comfort, security, clubhouse living
and the opportunity for continued growth
during the retirement years, in a Jewishly
sponsored environment.
189
