===== PAGE 1 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Yearbook
2008-2009 5769
===== PAGE 2 =====
Levine Orthodontics
Experience, the difference
MITCHELL E. LEVINE
3600 CAEBINAL POINT DM.
JACKSONVILE, FL 32257
904-737-4626
904-737-2126 (FAX)
WWW־JAX1KACES.CGM
===== PAGE 3 =====
The New Generation of
Luxury and Value
Has Arrived
The Ail New 2009
and only Jack Hanania
has it all.
From value to luxury, Jack Hanania has what
you’re looking for at the most competitive
price possible. We are happy to unveil the
latest collection of 2009 models, including
the new 2009 Audi A4, with a sleek new
design and improved handling built to please
even the most die-hard driving enthusiast.
We are an automotive group based on innova-
tion and customer satisfaction. Stop by any
of our four convenient locations and meet our
friendly, energetic experts to see for yourself
just how easy buying a car can be.
Audi A4
Audi Jacksonville
www.audijax.com
The All New 2009
Acura TSX
Acura of Orange Park
www.acuraoforangepark.com
The All New 2009
Hyundai Genesis
Hyundai of Orange Park
www.hyundaioforangepark.com
VW of Orange Pa
www.volkswagenoforangepark.com
www.hananiaautos.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 4 =====
“\n all I spent $20 at the farmers' market The same amount of groceries
would be $40.46 at the local supermarkets. Julia Crowley, First Coast News
Comparison Shopping the Jacksonville Farmers Market, 5/23/2008
Yes, You Too Can Save up to 50% or More by Shopping at the...
Jacksonville
Farmers Market
Home of up to 150 Farmers and Vendors providing the WIDEST selection
of PRODUCE in North Florida - arriving FRESH daily.
- RETAIL - WHOLESALE ■
Featuring Organic, Ethnic, Specialty, Seasonal & Unique Agricultural Products and Plants
Open 365 Days A Year - Dawn to Dusk
Convenient Drive-Up Parking
jaxfarmersmarket.com
Celebrating 7J_ Years as
Jacksonville’s Largest &
Florida’s Oldest
Farmers Market
- Since 1938 - Newly Rebuilt in 2007-
Located at the Beaver Street Viaduct
1810 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
904-354-2821
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
Table of Contents
ADMINISTRATION
Board of Directors 16
Cantor’s Message 9
Center Personnel 13
Officers 17
Past Presidents / Chairmen of the Board 18-19
President’s Message 15
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 5
Rabbi Weiner’s Message 7
Ritual Director’s Message 23
JJC PHONE DIRECTORY 116
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMITTEES
Adult Education 29
Center Cemetery / Hevra Kaddisha 61
Choir, Ushers 25
Men’s Club 32 33 ־
Membership 27
Minyan Captains, Religious Committee 23
Sisterhood 30 31 ־
CALENDAR 157-162
COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION 187-192
COMMUNITY / SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTING 155
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 194-199
DIRECTORY OF SUPPORTERS 117-155
EDUCATION
Day School Classes, Teachers, Activities 94 - 97
Day School Principal’s Message 91
Early Childhood Director’s Message 85
Early Childhood Classes, Activities 86 - 88
Educations Milestones 98
Kids Club 90
PTA and Day School Resource Teachers 93
Religious School Classes, Activities 100 - 101
Religious School Director’s Message 99
Shalom Baby 89
GREETINGS 164-186
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 43 - 47
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 49 - 53
Dear Departed 63
Weddings 55 - 59
MEMORIALS 65 - 82
SPECIAL EVENTS
JJC Golf Classic 41
Raffle for Education 38-39
Simhat Torah Honorees 37
YOUTH
Camp Ki Tov 115
Center Youth Commission 103
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 105-109
Scouting 113
Summer Youth Programs Ill
Youth Director’s Message 103
Yearbook Staff
Janis Dorman
Advertising Manager
We want to thank Beth Wolpoff for her work as the
5769 Yearbook Project Manager.
Photographers: Gayle Bailys, Stephanie Teitelbaum,
Lois Tompkins, Lita Poehlman, Talie Zaifert,
Howard Wolpoff, Edith Horovitz and Sharon Herbst
Proofreaders: Howard Wolpoff, Claudia Margolis,
Susan DuBow, Carrie Bielski, David Bielski, Gayle
Bailys, Rabbi Lubliner and Lori Schoettler
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for making this
publication possible, but also for the support you lend to
our many activities. We urge our members to reciprocate
with their patronage.
Advertisers’ claims of kashrut do not imply
certification of such by the Jacksonville Jewish Center
About the Cover:
The cover was created by Susan Krinsky Lubliner,
who has been creating art all throughout her life. She
graduated from Bennington College, having majored in
Painting and Printmaking.
Susan saw her first ketubah at a wedding she and
her then-future husband, Jonathan, attended in — of
all places — Bennington, Vermont. Subsequently, she
turned to the study of calligraphy, both independently and
with various teachers, including Christopher Calderhead,
Eleanor Winters, and David Moss. During Jonathan’s first
pulpit in Connecticut, Susan opened a studio, specializing
in ketubot and related lettering arts. Among her special
artistic loves are papercutting and collage.
Susan has enjoyed being part of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community since she and her family arrived
in 2004. During that time, she has taught Hebrew
Calligraphy at Camp Ramah Darom, workshops in
papercutting, and has been proud to be called “Picture Lady”
at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School.
She lives with her husband, Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner,
and their three sons, Avichai, Elior, and Itamar.
Hamsa with Lotus, variation with collage, 2008
Pen and ink, Fabriano and Cansón papers, watercolor pencils.
This piece is an original image whose starting point was a pen and ink
hamsa originally commissioned for Chochmat HaLev, a spiritual com-
munity in Berkeley, California. Hamsas symbolize the Creator’s protective
hand.
3
===== PAGE 6 =====
THE AVERAGE COST OF
RAISING HER WILL BE $249,000:
THEN COMES COLLEGE, AND THINGS
START TO GET EXPENSIVE.
WITH WACHOVIA
In the years to come, it’ll cost you more and more to be the parent you
want to be. That’s where Wachovia comes in. As the nation’s fourth-largest
bank holding company and third-largest brokerage, we’re here to provide
advice on all things money. Because wherever you are financially, we’re
right there with you.
WACHOVIA
VISIT A FINANCIAL CENTER
800-WACH0VIA (800-922-4684)
WACHOVIA.COM/ASPIRATIONS
We want you to know:
INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES AND INSURANCE PRODUCTS:
1 NOT INSURED BY FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY ■ MAY LOSE VALUE • NOT A DEPOSIT OF OR GUARANTEED BY A BANK OR ANY BANK AFFILIATE¡
Wachovia Bank, N.A., Member FDIC, only deposit products are insured. ©2008 Wachovia Corporation 084084
‘Source: http//moneycentraI.msn.com/articles/family/kids/tlkidscost-asp
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
4
===== PAGE 7 =====
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
My Space, Yours And Ours
emphasizes the indispensable role each
person plays in his own redemption.
But the liturgy of the High Holidays also
never allows us to forget the ties which bind
us to others. It is hardly accidental that the
various confessionals ofthepenitentialprayers
are always phrased in the plural. We confess
even those sins we have not committed as a
reminder that our decisions impact on others
and vice versa. As the Talmudic sage, Rabbi
Elazar ben Shimon once noted: “Inasmuch
as the world is judged in accordance with the majority of its
deeds, and the individual is judged in accordance with the
majority of his deeds, if one performs a single mitzvah, he has
tipped his scale and the scale of the world toward merit; if he
commits one sin, he has tipped the scale toward sinfulness for
himself and for the world” (Babylonian Talmud, Kiddushin
40a-b). Each generation repeats Cain’s surly question of
God, “Am I my brother’s keeper?” Time and again, Judaism
emphatically responds, “Yes, you are”.
Electronic social networking is undeniably useful for
those living in isolation from the rest of the world. But as one-
dimensional as the old-fashioned yearbook may be, it offers
an advantage that cyberspace creations like Facebook never
will: it provides a record of what real people have actually
accomplished in tandem with others. Funk & Wagnalls
Dictionary tells us that the English word “virtual” means “the
effect or the appearance, but not the actual form, of what is
specified”. Virtual community cannot replicate what it fails
to achieve in the first place: the presence of people caring for
and communicating with each other face-to-face.
The more wifi and the web cam encroach on our
personal space, the more we will hunger and long for live
interaction with others. That we already possess the power to
create virtual synagogues is indisputable; the real question is
why on earth would we ever want to?
We warmly welcome Hazzan Jesse Holzer and his
wife, Leora, to our community, and look forward to praying,
learning, celebrating and sharing with them in real time. Join
us any day — no collaborative or
social software needed!
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar
join me in wishing you and your
loved ones a New Year of health,
blessing and meaning. May we all
be inscribed in the Book of Life.
שנה טובה תכתבו ותחתמו
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
A;
-/ JLe
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
few months ago National Public
Radio aired a story about an
!.endangered species: the college
yearbook. With hundreds of millions of
youthful subscribers, social network services
such as MySpace and Facebook are beginning
to make the old-fashioned yearbook obsolete.
Through the internet, users may chat, send
instant messages, post photographs, videos
and audio clips, and build personal networks
around common interests. Access to these
websites is generally free, paid for by the barrage of advertising
banners that flash across one’s screen. In contrast, a college
yearbook can easily cost more than a hundred dollars, and
lacks interactive capability. Once it’s been looked at what can
a yearbook do, except gather dust on a bookshelf?
Yet these invidious comparisons are rather superficial.
Turn the pages of any yearbook, including this one, and you
will glimpse an entire community in motion, catching sight
of its collective experiences and shared celebrations. On the
other hand, a quick tour of Facebook and its internet cousins
reveals an exercise in electronic narcissism; they are a multi-
sensory paean of praise to all that is “I, Me, Mine”, to quote
the title of a well-known Beatles’ tune.
Thousands of years ago, the great sage Hillel
understood the need to balance self-care with concern for
others. “He used to say: Tf I am not for myself who will be
for me? If I am only for myself, what am I?”’ (Avot 1:14). To
love one’s neighbor as oneself requires a dose of healthy self-
respect, an appreciation of the Divine spark that makes each
of us priceless and unique in God’s eyes. It is this very belief,
however, that enjoins us to cherish others for their equally
precious qualities. A cult of self that cannot connect with
space other than one’s own is idolatry by another name.
The equilibrium that Judaism establishes between
individual and community finds meaningful expression in
the Yamim Noraim, the Days of Awe that begin with Rosh
Hashanah and end with Yom Kippur. There are no days on
the calendar when synagogues are more crowded than the
Jewish New Year and the Day of
Atonement, yet paradoxically, the
message of the season is largely
personal and private. We are
asked to recognize our aloneness
before God, to assume individual
responsibility for our mistakes and
failures. That Yom Kippur only
brings atonement for sins against
others to the extent that we rectify
the wrongs we have committed
===== PAGE 8 =====
Business1 Personal ׳ Life ׳ Health
Vandroff Insurance Agency offers you the best
combination of coverage, service and price.
Arnold Vandroff• David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
3390־296
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
6
===== PAGE 9 =====
A Message from Rabbi Weiner
Our ancestor Abraham faced ten trials and stood through them all.
our midst. No longer a novelty, Healing
Services have become a regular part of
synagogue life; as attendance grows,
their power to bring solace and support is
intensified. To ensure that all of us receive
appropriate, sensitive spiritual care at area
hospitals, I maintain strong relationships
with multifaith chaplains all over the city.
Sometimes they serve as my chaplains;
In return I do my best to be their rabbi,
available to answer questions, help avoid
cultural and religious gaffes and lead
educational programming. Please help us support you
when you or a loved one is in hospital; we will only be
able to provide a warm embrace if you let us know.
Rabbi David Weiner
T!
through a
I his snippet from Pirkei Avot,
an early collection of wisdom
from Ancient Judaism’s greatest
teachers, stands out from the rest. Usually
these maxims are phrased as advice to
the individual; this one appears to be a
discussion of something that happened to
our ancestor in days of yore. If this is the
case, we ask, what place does it have in
this compendium? Rabbi Shalom Noach
Berezovsky, leader of the Slonimer
Hasidim in Jerusalem’s Old City in the
late twentieth century, sees this teaching
different lens.
Finally in light of Rabbi Alan Lew’s visit for
last year’s Safer Shabbaton, a number of spiritual
seekers have taken the next step in a journey linking
their meditation practices and their Judaism. Many
participants are new to spiritual practice; others, myself
included, are steeped in the Jewish spiritual practice of
davening; still others are experienced meditators. As a
part of this homecoming, a meditation group takes place
at the Center on the second Shabbat of the month at
9:15 AM. There is nothing quite like the stillness of soul
that one achieves by focusing on the present moment of
breath and body in community. Here the challenge is
not to get too comfortable: As our meditative practice
grows, it should come to enrich other areas of our
personal lives - and the life of our synagogue. All are
invited to partake in this relaxed, informal journey.
As do all of us, Abraham faced and stood through a
number of challenges in his life. Each of those challenges
brought him new insight into his own character as well
as into the nature of the world, of God and of humanity.
I pray that all the challenges we face in this coming year
yield growth and wisdom.
Judith and Joseph join
me in wishing the entire
community a shana tova
umetuka, a good and sweet
new year.
— Rabbi David Weiner
The Slonimer teaches that each one of us
embodies a bit of Abraham. As a result, we face trials in
our lives much like he did, critical moments when new
challenges emerge and push us beyond our expectations
and notions of where our lives might be taking us. We,
like Abraham, have the responsibility and opportunity
to stand through those challenges.
Quiet times are rare at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, and every year brings new challenges for me.
When Mr. Marc Leventhal announced his departure
from the Martin J. Gottleib Day School, I was invited
to assume responsibilities as Middle School Rabbi
beginning in August. In that capacity, I now teach sixth
through eighth grade about twelve hours each week as
a part of the Judaic Studies faculty, lead and participate
in prayer services with our students and help our
curriculum evolve and grow. Through my teaching, I
hope to help our students find depth of meaning that will
enrich their spiritual journeys and help them solidify
their connection to the Jewish people and way of life.
Alongside this new challenge remain many others.
I retain primary responsibility
for our pastoral care program,
through which we provide
clergy and lay visits and phone
calls to ill and homebound
congregants, and it continues
to grow. In cooperation with
the Jewish Healing Network,
dedicated volunteers from the
Hesed Committee selflessly
reach out to the neediest in
7
===== PAGE 10 =====
Kosher is better at Winn-Dixie
If you haven't seen Winn-Dixie lately, you haven't seen Winn-Dixie.
Our quality kosher grocery and meat items, along with guaranteed
fresh produce and friendly service are examples of how we're keeping
our Promises to our customers: Better smiles, better aisles, better
products, better variety, better value, better neighbor.
Wwá^m;: :
Here’s a taste of what kosher foods are available
at your neighborhood Winn-Dixie:
• Our San Jose & Loretto location has a large
mix of Israeli-style and traditional kosher
items, including cheeses, meats and a large
selection of frozen foods.
Our store at University & San Jose offers
our largest selection of kosher meats,
cheeses, frozen entrées and appetizers, as
well as Israeli-style foods.
Use your
Customer Reward Card
and receive:
great community involvement opportunities
additional savings through our Baby Club
instant discounts on hundreds of items
throughout the store
automatic participation in special programs
and promotions
Don’t have a card?
Sign up today at your neighborhood Winn-Dixie Customer Service Counter.
Winn/Dixie
Getting better all the time.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
8
===== PAGE 11 =====
A Message from the Hazzan
Shana Tova Umetuka
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Quoting Job 25:2, our liturgy suggests that in the
chaos of our daily lives, we should ask God for protection
and order; for peace. God, referred to here as “the One who
brings peace”, holds an orderly court on high where peace
reigns. Our partnership with the divine grants us a daily
dialogue with God. Each Oseh Shalom means something
different, whether it is comforting those closest to us or
healing the entire world. Creating peace, creating wholeness
in ourselves and in our relationships, is a theme of our day-to-
day lives and, in particular, our lives at the time of our Jewish
new year. May God grant us peace in the coming year, a year
filled with laughter, joy and song.
—Hazzan Jesse Holzer
halom! As your new Hazzan, I am looking forward
to being part of a musical journey together with you
all. My wife Leora and I wish to extend our deepest
gratitude to the entire Jacksonville Jewish Center community
for including us as the newest members of your family. I am
personally touched by the mentorship of the senior members
of the clergy, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner. Leora and
I are especially indebted to the staff and lay leadership who
have made our transition a smooth and delightful one.
I have many hopes for our community in the coming
year. Each day we learn from one another, enriching our
personal and collective Jewish experiences. In that vein, I
would like to take a moment to reflect upon something that
helps structure our daily lives- our liturgy. At the conclusion
of every Amidah, every Kaddish, and every Birkat Hamazon,
the same phrase arises as a parting blessing:
עשה שלום במרומי ו , הוא יעשה שלום
עלינו ועל ?ל ישלאל ואמרו אמן.
9
===== PAGE 12 =====
US han a Tova
Cancer C
If you or a loved one have cancer, it's comforting to know
that you can get world-class care right here in Mandarin.
Baptist South
14546 St. Augustine Road, Suite 317, Jacksonville, Florida 32258
Phone: 904-2609445 Fax: 904-2604)005
At Florida Oncology Associates, we provide expert, individualized care for patients
with all types of cancer and blood disorders. Our physicians are board certified in
Internal Medicine, Medical Oncology and Hematology and have trained at National
Cancer Institute designated cancer centers around the country. We offer our patients
a wide array of treatment options and services including chemotherapy, laboratory
services and access to the very latest in national cancer research trials.
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO., F.A.CO.L, F.A.C.P.
A practice of
INTEGRATED
COMMUNITY
ONCOLOGY
NETWORK
]XBOX[
ICON
www.iconspecialists.com
Partners In Your Cancer Care
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 13 =====
MARTIN J. GOTTLIEB
DAY SCHOOL
A SOLOMON SCHECHTER SCHOOL
Valedictorian
Salutatorian
Student of the Year
Harvard, Princeton & Yale
Voctw. Jlmqw mi Poliiidm
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
prepares your child for life.
For more information about our comprehensive curriculum or to schedule a
tour of our school, please contact Talie Zaifert in our admissions office at
(904) 268-4200, ext. 147. You may also visit us on the web at www.mjgds.org
Financial assistance and the LIFT tuition grant are available. If you
are interested in donating to the LIFT Fund, contact Paulette Keifer,
Executive Director of the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation at 3940720־.
Leadership
Investment
for Tomorrow
LIFT
Proudly supported by the Jacksonville Jewish
Federation Annual Campaign
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 14 =====
It’s Our
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. That s the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the very
best in quality, selection and service.
Publix.
T׳S BEEN OUR PLEASURE.
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
Incandescent
Flourescent
Quartz Halogen
Metal Halide
High Pressure Sodium
Mercury Vapor
Low Pressure Sodium
Miniature
Sealed Beam
Photo
Stage/Studio
Projection
Fiber Optic
Medical
Scientific
Micrographic
Sockets
Photo Controls
Flourescent Ballasts
Electronic Ballasts
HID Ballasts
Tube Guards
Lighting Lenses
Batteries
Carl Cushnir
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc,
144 Stockton Street * Jacksonville, FL 32204
Local 904-260-2444 •Toll Free 8008555־705־
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
ASSISTED LIVING • RESPITE CARE
ON-SITE THERAPY
Enjoy life's
simple
pleasures
again.
Assisted Living from
Carriage Club of Jacksonville
Retirement Community.
• Fine Dining
• Medication Management
• Laundry, Linen and Towel Service
• Complimentary Transportation
• Lakes and Walking Paths
• Convenient Southside Location
• More Than 50 Scheduled Activities/Week
Let us take care of the big things so you can enjoy
the simple pleasures that make life worth living.
Call (904) 646600 1 ־ today for details!
$
CARRIAGE CLUB
Jacksonville
Brookdale Senior Living
9601 Southbrook Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32256
WWW.brookdaleliving.com • Assisted Living Facility # 0007464
50630-ROP02- 0608
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
12
===== PAGE 15 =====
Personnel
Administrative Staff
Cassie Vichozsky
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
Season Vickers
Receptionist
Leslie Manucy
Accounts Receivable
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Lori Schoettler
Administrator
Margo’s Catering
Your simcha is in good hands with Margo’s. From planning to
presentation, you’ll appreciate the professional touches that the catering staff
brings to every event. The menus are varied, creative and delicious. The service
is excellent, and the ambiance is always inviting. Best of all congregants can
count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be helpful, friendly and reassuring.
It’s a pleasure to plan a party or congregational program at the Center. Whether
it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah, wedding or other occasion, you can trust Margo’s
Catering to make it memorable.
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
The maintenance and housekeeping staff works diligently to keep our building clean and
presentable at all times. Richard Ford, our facilities supervisor, takes pride in his staff, and
devotes much of his time to taking care of all the physical needs required by the many events
which take place throughout the year. Volunteers, event planners and Center staff appreciate
the special attention they receive from the maintenance department. Richard and his staff offer
Facilities Supervisor invaluable support to the members of our congregation.
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Rugy
Catering Directors
13
===== PAGE 16 =====
ts
\
the
Spot
1440 San Marco BlvcL tel: 398-1949
WWW. BistroX .com
the loop
«׳$? tw.
The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
2210־262 (904)
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e-Loop Club
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
14
===== PAGE 17 =====
A Message from the President
“Does the JJC really need to transform
itself?” I believe it does. I see the JJC as
an organism with hundreds of living souls
guided, in many ways, by the traditions of
thousands before us. It is too easy to become
comfortably numb, continuing to do things
the same way. We need to evolve for fear
of becoming too stagnant, too rigid, too
insensitive and eventually unwelcoming,
even to our most dedicated supporters. This
does not mean losing sight of our mission.
We must absolutely stay true and focused
to our purpose. However, to honor those builders of our
community, we must now step forward and add our layers
to the rich tapestry of the JJC. The prophecy of Joel reminds
us that the old shall dream dreams and the youth shall see
visions (Joel 3:23־). In this spirit let us come together, each
one of us, to build a shul that we can call “home.”
Our shul must not be seen as just an organization to
which people will join. It needs to be recognized as a living
entity to which people feel they must connect with in order
to maintain spiritual vitality. Like any organic process, it
must constantly be renewed through the blood or nutrients
(read yiddishkeit) needed to sustain the individual parts of
the organism, as well as the larger organism itself. When
separated from the kehilla or spiritual body of the Jewish
people, people begin to waste spiritually.
In concert with our klei kodesh and administrative
team, a synagogue transformative process will become the
work of our shul board. I believe it is incumbent upon the
leadership of our shul to insure that all efforts be expended to
encourage and assist our congregants to not only find segues
for connecting with the our spiritual body, but that they find
ways to move up the “sulam” or ladder of Jewish renewal.
We each need to begin thinking of our shul as a place where
anyone can make aliyah. Not necessarily aliyah to Israel.
Instead, this is aliyah of the soul and spirit as we elevate
ourselves and move closer to meaningful relationships with
one another and our creator.
Susan, Stefanie, Kara,
Emily, Jenna and I look forward
to making this journey with you.
We offer best wishes for health
and abundant happiness to you
and your loved ones. Shanah
Tovah u’Metukah.
—Dr. Mitchell Levine
Hi
Dr. Mitchell Levine
״ave you thought much about how
the JJC might look in twenty five
^ years? Do you wonder what the next
three to five years might bring and how these
years may impact the landscape of our Jewish
living? What kind of Jewish legacy do we
wish to leave for subsequent generations of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center?
When Moshe Rabbienu sends the spies
to scout out the land of milk and honey, they
come back with reports that they feel like
grasshoppers amongst giants. Most of the
spies would prefer to remain in the wilderness of Paran, rather
than cross the Jordan and settle in Caanan. Like the scouts,
we too can elect to remain in the midbar and occasionally
crane our necks seeking to get a glimpse of what a fulfilling
Jewish life could be. We should not allow the wilderness to
become a self fulfilling prophecy where true renewal remains
just outside our reach. Our congregation stands on the banks
of the proverbial Jordan and now it is time to cross over it.
The transformation of our synagogue will not be a
simple task. It should be evolutionary and not revolutionary;
for it needs to build upon the traditions and the work of those
before us. Too, it ought harness the vitality and vigor of those
who follow us. Pirkei Avot teaches that though we may not
finish the work, neither are we free to desist from it. It is
now our time to start a transformation to build a sacred place
where each of us can find deeper meaning in the time we
spend in and at shul.
The history of the JJC is blessed with leaders and
families who have provided a spiritual and financial harbor.
To be sure we are forever grateful and fortunately there is
a way to pay back debt of gratitude. We must continue the
work of those before us. Change for the sake of change alone,
or changes that occur at blazing speeds risk minimizing the
contributions of those who have built our shul. Rather, we
must see ourselves as the “Yitzhaks” of our generation and
begin re-digging the wells that the
before us. Each generation must
re-dig the” wells “and find new
sources of Jewish inspiration,
understanding, connection and
meaning. It is fitting that the
children (bnai) continue the work
of the builders (bonai) to create a
shul we can each be proud of.
You may be wondering,
“Abrahams” had dug
15
===== PAGE 18 =====
20082010־ Board of Directors
Shari Shuman
Joan Waitz
Howard Wolpoff
Morrie Zimmerman
Lita Poehlman
Marco Rand
Ellen Rosner
Harris Rittenberg
Jeanine Rogozinski
Andrew Selevan
Ben Setzer
Phyllis Goldberg
Neil Gorden
Joan Levin
Mike Mass
Sonya Morris
Kathy Osterer
Jennifer Plotkin
Debbie Banks
Shirley Bielski
Colman Brodsky
Moti Demri
Dina Fetner
Beth Fleet
Marilyn Garber
Jack Selevan
Advisory Committee
Melvin Gottlieb Lawrence DuBow Russell Selevan
Sanford
Zimmerman
Seeman
Zimmerman
Past Presidents
Jack Shorstein
Mark Shorstein
Michael Shorstein
Evan Yegelwel
Wilbur Margol
Charles Mizrahi
Jeffery Morris
Marsha Pollock
Philip Bloom
Lawrence DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Joseph Honigman
16
===== PAGE 19 =====
2008-2010 Center Officers
Dr. Mitchell Levine
President
Fred Pozin
VP of House
Beth Shorstein Joanne Rosenberg Dr. Daniel Wohl
Secretary Sisterhood Men’s Club
Sanford Zimmerman
Chairman of the Board
Andrea Mail
VP of Education
Susan DuBow
VP of Youth
Etta Fialkow
VP of Programming
17
===== PAGE 20 =====
Past Presidents & Chairmen of the Board
Elias H. Pilton*
1911-1922
Max Rubin
1930-1937
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
Robert J. Gordon*A
1953-1955
Jack Becker*
1966-1967
H. Hammerman*
1905
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Philip Bork*
1952
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
Max Frank*
1901-1904
Abe Newman*
1940-1943
Joseph Hackel*
1947-1948
Harry Gendzier*
1944-1946
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Philip Selber*
1950-1951; 1953-1955
1963-1965
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
Harry Finklestein*
1927-1929
18
===== PAGE 21 =====
Past Presidents & Chairmen of the Board
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Sol Proctor*
1984־1982
Jeffery Morris
1993־1990
Michael Shorstein
2002־2000
*In Loving Memory
AChairman of the Board
Sandy Zimmerman
2008־2006
Jack Shorstein
1974־1972
Samuel “Bud” ShorsteinA
1980־1978
Eugene Kornblum*
1988־1986
Evan Yegelwel
1998־1996
Seeman Zimmerman
2006־2004
Wilbur Margol
1971־1970
Lawrence DuBow
1980־1978
Dr. Joseph Honigman
1986־1984
Stuart Hecht*
1996־1993
Philip Bloom
2004־2002
Charles Mizrahi
1976־1974
Nathan Krestul*
1982־1980
Marsha Pollock
1990־1988
Mark Shorstein
2000־1998
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
General Electric &
FIRST COAST SUPPLY
for the kitchen designed to work for you.
Many of today’s most interesting kitchens have one
thing in common. . . General Electric appliances.
The reason is simple. General Electric refrigerators,
dishwashers, wall ovens, wine cellars and more offer
almost unlimited possibilities.
Designed for Possibilities ־ General Electric.
At FIRST COAST SUPPLY, we ll work to
make the possibilities come true.
Stanley ~JCan ter
President
2523 Edison Avenue. Jacksonville, Florida 32204. Phone 3881217־
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
20
===== PAGE 23 =====
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
CcM/Camp Director, Haley Blount; cut268 -4200, e#£. 143,
for more/ ÍA^for motion/.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
QAemarc¿ &^<yí/ice Je/eoan
Designated as a (USCJ) United Synagogue
for Conservative Judaism Framework For
Excellence ” school (The only preferred
“Model A ” school in Florida)
Our goal is to instill a love of our rich heritage in a welcoming
and positive family-oriented atmosphere.
A great place to learn basic Jewish literacy:
Hebrew, history, rituals, traditions and
community. Resources include a full-size
computer lab, music with our Hazzan, art,
dance, library, and full use of our amazing JJC
facility. Regular involvement with our clergy.
Small classes and individual tracking allows us
to meet the needs of all of our students.
Contact:
Lois Tompkins, Principal
2684200־, ext. 145
22
===== PAGE 25 =====
Ritual Department
A Message from the Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
.
It contains the Law of Moses, we say. Identifying
it with the Temple, the center of Jewish life in the
past; proclaiming it the center of Jewish life today for
ourselves and our people.
We stand in awe of these scrolls, for they have
preserved us as we have preserved them. They are
potent. They are dangerous.
Dangerous if we treat them like icons, like idols
- if we keep the scrolls rolled and look at the jeweled
embroidery; kiss the mantle and forget the words.
Dangerous even if we read the words and accept
them unthinkingly, without understanding, without
interpretation, without love.
Potent to make us seed eternal values in our
temporary lives; potent to set our minds and souls on
the search for God.
These are ourSifrei Torah. In each the God-seeking
path of our people; hundreds of laws, thousands of
years, millions of Jews. May we always read Torah with
wisdom, humility, gratitude and love.
Amen.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the process
that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we
have maintained a high level of participation in reading
Torah. The commitment and encouragement of our
synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure
that this quality standard will be continued for many
generations to come. I would like to thank all of our
teachers for their continued support and cooperation
and on behalf of Suzanne, Casie, Aron and myself wish
you a happy and healthy new year.
Shanah Tovah,
— Scott Zimmerman
23
Religious Committee
Bruce Horovitz and Marco Rand, Chairmen
n the past year 5768, the Religious Committee, under the
direction and guidance of Rabbi Lubliner, continued its
initiatives in making the Jacksonville Jewish Center a more
welcoming and inclusive spiritual community.
The year included a further transition to a fully egalitarian
congregation. Women are now actively involved in every aspect of
religious life at the Center including full participation in minyanim
and leading services on Shabbat, Holidays and daily minyan.
Again, under the direction of Rabbi Lubliner, the Religious
Committee helped the congregation move forward with a series
of “Keruv” (outreach) initiatives aimed at making our synagogue
a more welcoming community. These included a framework for
participation of intermarried couples at life cycle events, in keeping
with the standards of the Conservative Movement.
A series of alternative services, aimed at attracting new
worshippers, continued during the past year and will be even more
present in the year ahead.
For the coming year, the plan is to have the Religious
Committee take an even more active role in the life of the
congregation. Rabbi Lubliner has developed a blueprint for the
Religious Committee that includes a number of subcommittees
with specific areas of responsibility, all of which are aimed at
enhancing the spiritual and religious life of the congregation.
We are excited to welcome Hazzan Holzer and his wife
Leora to our congregation. Together with Rabbi Lubliner and
Rabbi Weiner, we are poised for another year of great spiritual
growth and commitment.
We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of
the members of the Religious Committee for their service and
commitment during the past year.
Religious committee members for 5768 were: Jack
Bettman, Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Fred Blum, Robert
Bossen, Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis
Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg, Phyllis Goldberg,
Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Joseph Honigman, Wendy
Honigman, Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid, Jack Mizrahi,
Jeffery Morris, Barbara Safer, Elliot Safer, David Schmerer,
Joe Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein, Karen Southall,
Edward Tannen, and Dan Wohl.
Daily Minyan Captains
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults,
may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited. Our
dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice
every single day of the year. It is because of them that you can
recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those
who served as minyan captains during the past year: Robert
Bossen, Stella Finck, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Jack
Mizrahi, David Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Russell Selevan,
Edward Tannen, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan Yegelwel, Sandy
Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week.
Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce Horowitz at 262-1087.
===== PAGE 26 =====
Year
Best Wishes for A
Healthy and Happy New
Brian T. Kelly
Michael A. Shorstein
Phone: (904) 348-6400
TOLL FREE: (800) 348-6434
www.Adoption-USA.com
You may think you know JNF.
Over the past 106 years, Jewish National Fund has evolved from an organization that was known
for its blue boxes and tree planting into a worldwide environmental leader that does so much
more. The new JNF provides:
• Water Projects: JNF continues building reservoirs to provide viable solutions to Israel's water
shortage. Our 200 projects provide water to 1.5 million Israelis every day.
• Jewish Identity: JNF partners with programs like the Alexander Muss High School in Israel -
a transformative experience that promotes deep-rooted connections between American teens
and Israel.
• Community Development: As part of its 10-year, $600 million Blueprint Negev campaign,
JNF is building 25 new communities in the desert, revitalizing existing communities, and making
great strides towards transforming the city of Be'er Sheva with our River Park project.
• Security Roads: JNF is building and refurbishing security roads along the Lebanon and Gaza
borders to protect Israelis and provide parents and their children safe means of traveling to work
and school.
• Heritage Site Restoration: JNF is committed to protecting more than 250 irreplaceable
historic buildings and heritage sites associated with Israel's rebirth and history.
Join millions of contributors around the world and help JNF continue its vital work in caring for the
land and people of Israel.
Get to know us!
Visit www.jnf.org to learn more about our workor to be involved locally contact
Beth GlickmanMorris at 1-888-563-0099 or bm0rri8@jnf.0rg
JNF, for
ISRAEL
Q|j
FORESTRY • WATER • COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT • SECURITY
EDUCATION • RESEARCH • TOURISM & RECREATION • ECOLOGY
JNF reservoirs provide much
needed water for Israel's farmers.
JNF develops security roads to
allow Israelis to travel safely.
JNF is working with Israel's new
pioneers to develop the Negev.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
24
===== PAGE 27 =====
Committees and Organizations
2008-2009 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Lois Gosa, Debby Kaye, Mi-
chael Kuhr, Stevie Levine, Henry Lasris, Lenny Maiman,
Karen Morse, Judy Geller Nevel, David Organes, Peggy
Organes, Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein,
Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon and Steve Solomon.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum and Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and Festivals,
ushers help to maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves
the beauty of the service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were our ushers
this past year: Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbaum, Scott
Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris, Carl
Passen, Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman, Sandy
Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David
Schmerer, Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes,
Randall Smith, Steve Solomon, Tom Spriggs and Leon
Yergin.
2008-09 Center Choir
For over 59 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving
liturgical music. Over the years, they have given numerous
concerts featuring members of the choir, and nationally
acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have
been singing with this group for twenty years or more. New
members are always welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733-
6979.
at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool
Laughter, Smiling and Happy Children...
Learning Has Never Been So Much Fun
Your child’s future begins at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool.
Our preschool offers an enriching and nurturing program for children
ages 12 months through Pre-Kindergarten. The developmental^
appropriate curriculum encourages exploration, creativity, values, critical
thinking and the joy for learning in a Jewish environment. Over five
resources and enrichment classes weekly including music, technology,
language, art, drama, dance, physical education, science, Judaica and
more. TuitionTree Voluntary Pre-Kindergarten program offered. After-
noon Kids’ Club and hot lunch program available.
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
PRESCHOOL
CELEBRATE
DISCOVER
Preschool Registration has begun for Fall 2008.
For enrollment information and/or to
schedule a tour, please call Stephanie Teitelbaum
at 268-4200 ext. 143.
Two year old through Pre-K programs accredited by the Florida Kindergarten Council
25
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 28 =====
UPS/FEDEX/USPS
Copy Center
Color Copies
Expert Packing
Mailbox Rentals
Notary
Estate Shipping
Fax Service
Office Service
Resumé Service
Gift Center
Great Service
Stamps
Shipping
PostalAnno?
!four Home Office®
Tonya & Larry Medlar
1526 University Blvd. West
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Tel (904) 7324900־
FAX (904) 732-4991
M-F 9:00-6:30 Sat. 10:00-4:00+
Get fresh with our simply delicious dishes
like Chili Garlic Salmon and Chicken Paillard.
Or, let our fabulous food and catering service
come to you with a special menu exquisitely
prepared by Chef Cheryl and Chef Jamey.
Let us handle all the details of your upcoming
wedding, graduation or corporate event.
Philip H. Bloom
President
B£
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904) 880-3667 • FAX (904) 880-4667
S0(
HEIRTDOMS
cuuft tuaAÁef
CAFE AND TERRACE DINING
' TAKE OUT MARKET
' FULL-SERVICE CATERING
at the Take Out Market !
^Bring this ad in for
9545 San Jose Blvd. (Beside World Gym)
904.880.2291
www.heirloomsinc.com • M-F: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
License # W-32
4
Free Water Testing
ÁFFORTTmTwATRR
CONDITIONING* SOFTENING • PURIFICATION
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
FLORIDA
WILBERT, INC.
Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
and Other Fine Burial Products
5050 New Kings Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
765-2641
BOB HAMM EYEWEAR
"Thanks for your Patronage"
9670 San Jose Blvd.
(formerly Antares Jewelry)
268-5949
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
26
===== PAGE 29 =====
Committees and Organizations
A Message from the Membership Director
Membership Committee
long-standing members happily engaged in Jewish life at the
Center. The committee implemented the New Member Host
Program in January. Each new member is matched with an
existing family or individual as soon as they join the Center.
The host acts as a buddy to this new member for the first year
of their membership. The host assures that they feel welcomed
and are invited to a home for Shabbat dinners and holidays.
The Membership Committee is very proud of this program and
welcomes any members to become a part of this meaningful
host program.
The membership committee has also been instrumental
in planning the following successful programming throughout
the year:
• New Member Sunday Brunch at the Center
• New Member Sundae Party at the home of Robin &
Jeffery Morris
• Monthly Congregational Shabbat Dinners
• Holiday Shopping Bazaar
• Hanukkah Dinner & Celebration
• Purim Bash & Coffee Bar for Empty Nesters
• Dance Classes
• “Moonlight & Masterpieces” - An Evening of Art at
R.Roberts Gallery in Avondale
• The Chai Society Group - Monthly get togethers for our
60 plus members
• Father’s Day Sun Splash Party
Membership Committee Members for 5768:
Shirley Bielski, Moti Demri, Susan DuBow, Holly Ernas,
Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg, Rhoda
Goldstein, Brad Herbst, Polina Koropova, Mitchell
Levine, Sue Levine, Andrea Mail, Robin Morris, Sonya
Morris, Karen Morse, Harry Peltz, Lita Poehlman, Kate
Robbins, Jeanine Rogozinski, Barbara Safer, Neil Sandler,
Melanie Setzer, Cindy Silverberg, Michele Steinfeld, Beth
Shorstein, Stephanie Teitelbaum, Joan Waitz, Lara Werwa,
Beth Wolpoff, Talie Zaifert and Sandy Zimmerman.
T!
Christina Levine
ן he Torah teaches
the importance
of opening our
hearts to everyone and
treating them like family.
It has been my mission as
Membership Director to
focus my efforts toward continuously providing a welcoming
environment at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. To create
a spiritual center where everyone can feel connected, it is
important to be passionate about opening our doors and
encouraging people to come in to experience all the Center
has to offer.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has been the “center”
of many Jewish lives for over 100 years and continues to
welcome newcomers to become a part of the community. I
would like to thank all of those that have contributed to our
growing membership, whether it was by inviting a friend to
an event or just by saying “Shabbat Shalom” to the person
next to you in services. A special thank you to all who
have volunteered as greeters at special events, holidays
or services. You have all participated in the mitzvah of
hachnasat orchim, the welcoming of guests, which is filled
with meaning and purpose.
I join my husband Mark, sons Ellis and Ethan in
wishing you all a year filled with health, happiness, peace
& spiritual relationships.
Shana Tova,
— Christina Levine
“So you are to love the
sojourner, for
sojourners were you in
the land of Egypt.”
-Deuteronomy 10:19
27
===== PAGE 30 =====
Borland-Groover Clinic Wishes you a Lifetime of Good Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Augusto Lopez-Torrez, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
Murray L. Langfitt, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Melody A. Perez, ARNP
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
John Charles, PA-C
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Hong T. Tek, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Cathy A. Schan, PA-C
Borland-Groover has 8 office locations to serve you:
1375 Roberts Drive
Suite 204
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
1883 Kingsley Avenue
Suite 1100
Orange Park, FL 32073
836 Prudential Drive
Suite 801
Jacksonville, FL 32207
1340 South 18th Street
Suite 101
Fernandina Beach, FL
32034
14546 St. Augustine Rd.
Suite 101
Jacksonville, FL 32258
3627 University Blvd.
Suite 705
Jacksonville, FL 32216
4800 Belfort Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
3 Shircliff Way
Suite 400
Jacksonville, FL 32204
Our office hours are 8:30 am to 5:00 pm, Monday through Friday
To schedule an appointment, call 904.398.7205
It is our privilege to be a part of your specialized medical care
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
28
===== PAGE 31 =====
Communities and Organizations
Adult Education
5768
Rabbi Emeritus David Gaffney and his
wife Inga joined us for a wonderful weekend
of ruach and learning Nov. 2-4, 2007. Rabbi
Gaffney’s subject for the weekend Shabbaton
was Jewish Values And Modern Dilemmas:
Choices For These Critical Times. The
weekend was sponsored by a group of Center
families. Elliot & Carolyn Zisser hosted
a reception at their home on the beach on
Sunday morning.
Our annual Safer Shabbaton was held
the weekend of January 1820־ featuring
Rabbi Alan Lew, author of (iOne God Clapping” as our
scholar-in-residence. Rabbi Lew also known as the ‘6Zen
Rabbi” brought an incredible level of spirituality, humor
and knowledge to what many have said was one of the
best Shabbaton weekends ever at the Center. His Sunday
morning meditation session was a huge success and many
have requested that we bring Rabbi Lew back for another
opportunity to study and meditate with him
Our schools, including our religious school, hosted
Dr. Steven Brown, Dean
and master education at
the Jewish Theological
Seminary for a weekend of
educational training for our
faculty, religious leaders and
lay leadership.
I hope in the years
to come more of you will
participate in the various
classes and programs offered
at the Center. They are such wonderful opportunities for
religious and personal growth.
It has been my honor to serve as your Adult Education
Chair for the past two years.
L’Shana Tova & Todah Rabah for your support and
encouragement during my tenure.
I prepared to write this letter, I had
reflect on the words of Rabbi
avid Weiner. His thoughts, ideas
and hopes as we looked toward 5768 surely
reflect what most of us feel is relevant to the
success of our shul in providing exciting and
relevant educational opportunities for our
adults. It would take to much space to cover
all the points he addressed so I will share one
that I feel expresses a need in all of us.
“Adult education programming at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center intends
to help adults feel spiritually enriched and intellectually
engaged by their
Judaism. It builds
on curiosity, wisdom
and knowledge
already present in
each individual by
validating diverse
Jewish connections,
challenging learners
to transcend their
comfort zone and
exposing participants
to a wide range of perspectives. Furthermore, adult education
closes the gap between participants and tradition; increasing
familiarity with Judaism breeds more meaningful practice
as well as deeper understanding. Capacity for greater
involvement and learning expands with involvement, as
participants find that Judaism has something to offer them.”
“If You've Ever Wondered.. An Introduction to
Judaism ”, a 24 session course was taught by our very
capable lay teachers, Karen Hamilton & Judith Weiner.
Edith Horovitz taught the unit on Kashrut. We are blessed to
have such wonderful able and dedicated congregants willing
to commit so much of their time for the benefit of our adult
students.
Lenny Maiman and Moti Demri led another
successful Adult Beginner’s Hebrew reading course. Another
phenomenal success by two who made the class so much fun
for those in attendance.
Our rabbis continued with an
assortment of offerings such as Rabbi
Lubliner’s Monday Morning Mishna,
Monday evening Talmud class, Coffee
& Torah, Rabbi Weiner’s Think Like
a Rabbi, and Healing Service &
Mysticism for Meaning with Cantor
Ben-Moshe.
Lita Poehlman
Chair
29
===== PAGE 32 =====
Communities and Organizations
30
===== PAGE 33 =====
Communities and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
Gayle Bailys
Sisterhood President
2008-2010 Officers
President
Gayle Bailys
Vice President of Education
Janice Knack
Vice President of Membership
Lara Werwa
Vice President of Programming
Beth Wolpoff
Vice President of Ways &
Means
Jennifer Plotkin
Vice Presidents of Torah Fund
Linda Bloom
Jeanine Rogozinski
Ellen Rosner
Vice President of Youth
Kim Glasgal
Corresponding Secretary
Marla Lewis
Financial Secretary
Stephany Levine
Recording Secretary
Rebekah Selevan
Social Secretary
Robin Allerding
Treasurer
Joanne Rosenberg
omen’s League for Conservative Judaism is the largest synagogue
based women’s organization in the world. The mission of Women’s
League for Conservative Judaism is “to strengthen and unite synagogue
women’s groups and their members; support them in mutual efforts to understand and
perpetuate Conservative / Masorti Judaism in the home, synagogue and community;
and reinforce their bonds with Israel and with Jews worldwide”.
As a member of Women’s League for Conservative Judaism, the Sisterhood of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center provides innovative programming designed to educate
and stimulate members of every age. We have customized leadership training to help
our Sisterhood members be the best they can be. Our Sisterhood is dedicated to
creating a vibrant Jewish community with the values of Jewish tradition.
BE INFORMED ... about women’s issues, world communities, the arts, health, the
family, Jewish traditions. Our Sisterhood has programming and activities ranging
from community service and world affairs to Judaic studies.
BE ENRICHED ... by sharing ideas with members of our Sisterhood. Enhance
your personal, family and community life through participation in our wide array of
programs and classes.
BE INSPIRED... and make your personal mark on your community, the Conservative
Movement and the world at-large. Participate in local projects to better the lives of
those in need. Respond to advocacy initiatives.
BE INVOLVED ... as an organization we learn to enrich our Jewish cultural
life, support Israel, encourage social responsibility and perpetuate Conservative
Judaism.
Join our network and become a part of this dynamic organization. We have over
three hundred women who work together to make our Sisterhood strong. We have
women who volunteer their time to make our events and commitments a success.
Add your voice to this large network of synagogue women. Together our many
voices can make a difference.
I thank you for giving me your trust. I thank you for the honor of working with
this new board and for the honor of working for you. I will work with an open mind
and an open heart. With this fabulous group of women, together, I believe we can
accomplish anything. Together, with this new board, the leadership of the past and
our members we will be successful.
L’shana Tovah, a Happy and Healthy New Year to you and your families.
—Gayle D. Bailys
Past Presidents Council
Sybil Ansbacher, Shirley Bielski, Etta Fialkow,
Ellen Freedman, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Annetta Kornblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg, Maxine Romo,
Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler, Shirley Schinasi,
Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott
31
===== PAGE 34 =====
Communities and Organizations
===== PAGE 35 =====
Communities and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
5769
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Men’s Club
— 2008-2009 —
Men’s Club Officers
President
Dan Wohl
Vice President
Neil Gordon
Secretary
Devon Rubin
Treasurer
Harry Peltz
Board Members
Allan Andrew
Moti Demri
Brad Herbst
Mike Herring
Bruce Phillips
Dave Schmerer
Todd Werwa
Past Presidents
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
‘Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”
lhis is an organization dedicated to the enrichment of Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish community. The Men’s Club provides an opportunity for
our Center men to work together supporting, sponsoring, and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish
Life”.
Tf
J
c
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs (FJMC), an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center participation
have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards
from FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program is now a model for Men’s
Clubs across the nation. We continue to participate in a wide range of programs and
activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so that every
Congregant can honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah. We sponsor
educational programs based on the “Hearing Men’s Voices” series on issues involving
family, religion, career and health for the Jewish man in today’s world.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and Education leaders to
support your children and the Center youth organizations. We are available to lend
a helping hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima conventions.
We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards
that recognize and reward our youth for reading Torah in our synagogue services.
The Men’s Club Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to one
Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life commitment necessary
to bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children. We provide hand crafted
Israeli Kiddush cup sets for the Confirmation students and a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students. We sponsor and raise funds for the Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to
attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who otherwise would not
have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends, have fun, and meet
people from our synagogue as well as our regional Jewish community. Our members
regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball and touch football
games, depending on the season, of course! Over the years, we have gone on deep
sea fishing trips, provided opportunities to meet with local Jewish celebrities, and
have had family outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball and Barracudas ice hockey
games. In the fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party features lunch and raffles
while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the year,
Men’s Club members help with Sukkot and Lag B’Omer programs and we lead and
participate in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. You will find us
ushering at morning services every Shabbat and on Holidays. We are members of
the Board of Directors. We are your children’s teachers. We are your husbands, your
brothers, your friends, your fathers and sons.
If you are at least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community, membership in the Men’s Club is yours to enjoy. Give us a call.
Come on out to an activity. See what’s new. I think you’ll feel good sharing your time
and lending support with other guys like you!
—Dan Wohl, Center Men’s Club President
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL M₪₪₪₪₪₪m
COMMUNICATIONS, INC. ■HI
Combining Voice, Data & Video
•VOICE OVER IP APPLICATIONS
•VOICE MAIL SYSTEMS
• VOICE & DATA CABLING
• PBX / KEY SYSTEMS
• CTI SOLUTIONS
• SECURITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT
|\IEd TOSHIBA
BellSouth®
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Communications Engineer
Over 37 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
0033־904-363
8917 Western Way • Suite 20 • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
uncovering opportunities
• Managed Accounts
• Life Insurance & Annuities
• Small Business Consulting
• Alternative Investments
MLS
□
RÉAlTOft«’
• Investment Planning
• Retirement Planning
• Wealth Management
• Hedge Fund Opportunities
• Residential/Commercial Real Estate LLC Partnerships
& Customer Enhanced Buy/Sell Pass-Through Transactions
www. DiggerCapital. com
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Adivisor
Licensed Real Estate Salesperson
(904) 730-7442 direct • (866) 730-7442 toll-free
scott@diggercapital. com
AOL Instant Messenger: DiggerCapital
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Balotin ,s - Scott, Ellen, Casey, Parker & Digger
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
34
===== PAGE 37 =====
>e after school?
Where will your chi Id b<
Tbe JJC Kids Cl״b is safe, exciting,
creative, fun and educational
(jet Ready for a
rRir AROUND
THD WORLD!
Rassports Ready, R)ags Rached,
Ready to ~Rale OH*
For more information contact F)onna s! avin>
Kids Club (Coordinator at 2^3-^200 ext. 143־•
Two year old through PredC programs accredited by the
Florida Kindergarten Council
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
PRESCHOOL
LEARN • DISCOVER • CELEBRATE
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 38 =====
Florida Sound Engineering Co., inc.
2061 Emerson Street, B
Jacksonville, FL 32207
www.floridasound.com
0444־396 (904)
^Aedi terra nia
₪RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
Specializing in Audio-Visual systems for:
► Conference Rooms ► Houses of Worship
► Auditoriums ► Convention Centers
► Training Rooms ►Stadiums & Arenas
No Job too big or small
Professional Sound & Video System Installation and Service
Compliments of
Wf/ooÁ * U*U • lw
^ Pw/fidUtJbi
3877 Baymeadows Road
just of San Jose Boulevard
73 I 2898־
fax 73 I -4492
miii
[catej
PETROLEUM COMPANY
9540 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 737-7220
Three locations
to Serve You:
10325 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
8933־288 (904)
100 N. Laura St.
Jacksonville, FL 32202
(904) 421-3040
12740 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32225
3001־220 (904)
www.jaxbank.com
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
I 1:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
www.restaurant.com
Waitz & Moye, Inc.
Professional Engineering Services
Civil • Environmental •
Transportation Traffic • Planning
3738 Southside Blvd.
Suite 101
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Telephone (904) 642-8311
Fax (904) 642-8336
Berman Bros., Inc.
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
Jacksonville
,“;Bank
The Way Banking Should Be.
Certified Public Accountants
9802־396
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 3533694־
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
36
===== PAGE 39 =====
Special Events
5768 Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival of Sukkot.
Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On Simhat Torah, we bring to
a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin anew. An ancient tradition evolved of
honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit.
In our synagogue tradition, we also honor the contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil, “Woman of Valor”.
Susan DuBow
Ayshet Hayil
After leaving
Jacksonville for
New York, and then
Los Angeles, Susan
was a partner in an
80 person public
relations and
marketing firm. Her
clients, and several of the events she
worked on, included Barbra Streisand,
Barry Manilow, Howie Mandel, Jenny
McCarthy, James Brolin, Ed McMahon,
Vanity Fair’s Oscar Party, Entertainment
Tonight’s Emmy Party, In Style
Magazine’s Golden Globe Party and
many more. Susan and her partners sold
the firm in 2000 and she moved home to
Jacksonville.
Upon returning home, Susan has
unselfishly devoted her time to many
worthwhile endeavors. She currently is
serving as Interim Executive Director of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center; she also
serves on the Board of Directors at the
Jewish Federation, Memories of Love,
and the Community Hospice Foundation.
She has chaired the Center Raffle, co-
chaired the River Garden Gala and
created a maj or fundraiser for Community
Hospice for Northeast Florida.
With her generous heart and spirit,
and her tremendous leadership abilities,
we honor Susan as our Ayshet Hayil,
Woman of Valor. Mazel Tov to Susan,
her daughter Shira, her parents and her
entire family.
Scott Zimmerman
Hatan Bereshit
Born and raised in
Jacksonville, from
kindergarten at 3rd
& Silver to
Confirmation,
Scott’s own Jewish
education was
received in the
synagogue and classrooms of the Center.
Who better to teach here, than he who
himself has been taught here?
After graduating from the
University of South Florida, with a
Bachelors in Elementary and Early
Childhood Education, Scott taught
elementary school for six years before
joining his family’s business in 1982.
Scott served on the Board of
Directors, the Youth Commission and the
Religious Committee for many years.
He was the JJC Basketball Commissioner
from 20002004־, and taught Hebrew
School and Sunday School under the
leadership of Rabbi Kentof.
Since 2000, Scott has been the
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School Etgar teacher, JJC Ritual Director
and B’nai Mitzvah Coordinator. He has
trained over 200 children for their Bar/
Bat Mitzvahs and organized over 1500
Torah readings. His dedication to the
Center is unmatched.
We look forward to our future with
this year’s Hatan Bereshit! Mazel Tov to
Scott & Suzanne, children Casie and
Aron, and all the members of his family.
Mitchell Levine
Hatan Torah
Born and raised in
Miami, Mitch and
his wife Sue moved
to Jacksonville in
1988 from Stamford,
Connecticut. Mitch
graduated from
Vanderbilt
University with a degree in English
Literature, and from the University of
Pittsburgh School of Dentistry with
distinction. He went on to complete an
orthodontic residency at Temple University
in 1986 and earned Diplómate status from
the American Board of Orthodontics in
1996. He is a fellow of the College of
Diplomates and has been in the private
practice of orthodontics since 1988.
Mitch has been on the Center’s
Board of Directors for a number of years.
Presently, he is beginning his term as the
President of the synagogue. A regular
Friday morning minyan attendee, he has
also been a Raffle co-chair.
Mitch has served as both Campaign
Chair and President of the Jacksonville
Jewish Federation. He is the past chair of
the Beit Midrash Hebrew High Program
and was a member of the Board of
Directors for United Jewish Communities
(UJC) as well as a member of the United
Jewish Appeal Leadership Cabinet. A past
recipient of the llene Selevan Young
Leadership Award, he currently sits on the
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation board of
directors.
Mitch and Sue were recently
honored by the Jewish National Fund with
the Tree of Life award, as well as by the
State of Israel Bonds for their commitment
to Israel and the Jewish community.
We extend a hearty Mazel Tov to
Mitch and Sue, their daughters Stefanie,
Kara, Emily and Jenna and their entire
family.
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
Special Events
2008 Raffle for Education
The 33rd Annual Center Raffle/
Fundraiser for Excellence was a
beautiful celebration of Jewish
education and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center schools. This
wonderful morning was chaired
by Holly and Mark Emas,
Andrea and Steven Mail and
Honorary Chairpersons Edith
and Bruce Horovitz. Along
with an amazing committee
they created an opportunity for
550 adults to attend a beautiful brunch at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In
addition, 170 children attended the complimentary 4Mini-Raffle’ which had
fun activities including a puppet show by Joanne Davis. Seventy Center
students participated in the main Raffle event singing HaTikvah, God Bless
America and Its a Small World in Hebrew (Zeh Olam Katan Meod). The
main prize was won by Betsy and Dennis Mizrahi who have two daughters,
Rachel and Evelyn, in the Martin J Gottlieb Day School.
The Rabbi David Gaffney Leadership in Education Award was presented to
Mrs. Zipora Zucker for her dedication and service to our community and
to the students whose lives she touched during her 40 years at the Center.
Fundraising goals were exceeded by the generous support of the community.
All funds were designated to projects which promote excellence in Jewish
and secular education at the Center Schools.
Event Committee
Thank you for your incredible energy and
ideas in making this event a success.
Robin Allerding
Caren Appel
Debbie Banks
Carrie Bielski
Shirley Bielski
Shereen Canady
Shireen Chafetz
Sonya Cohen
Irene Cywes
Meredith Dragon
Helen DuBow
Michael DuBow
Susan DuBow
Yakov Feig
Etta Fialkow
Rebecca Fixel
Amy Freidnian
Marilyn Garber
Kim Glasgal
Carole Goldberg
Phyllis Goldberg
Sara Gross
Rachel Haas
Sharon Herbst
Risa Herman
Andrea Hernandez
Karianne Jaffa
Carolyn Krestul
Candace Cooke
Christina Levine
Mitch Levine
Sue Levine
Lynn Marlowe
Michelle Margol
Charles Mibab
Faye Mizrahi
Mauri Mizrahi
Robin Morris
Sonya Morris
Kathy Osterer
Jennifer Plotkin
Cheryl Plotkin
Marsha Pollack
Meryl Rittenberg
Jeanine Rogozinski
Marjie Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Ellen Rosner
Perrin Rubin
Jay Sandler
Shari Saye
Tammy Schemer
Lori Schoettler
Fran Selevan
Debra Setzer
Kandi Shainbrown
Noemi Szoychen
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Talie Zaifert
Lynn Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Jen Zunic
===== PAGE 41 =====
Special Events
2008 Raffle for Education
In-Kind Sponsors
3 Sisters Chocolate Bar & Bakery
d’Orsay
DM Image Design
Alan Nathans Family Chiropractic
Baby Sign-A-Long
Margo’s Catering
Football Fanatics
Stein Mart
Donors
Visionary ־
DuBow Family Foundation
Andrea & Steven Mail
Jerry & Anita Zucker & Family
Leader -
Holly & Mark Ernas
Frisch Families
Doris & Jeff Goldstein
Kim Glasgal & Peter Levy
Shorstein Family
Zimmerman Family Foundation
Pacesetter -
Debbie & Mel Gottlieb
Susan & Mitchell Levine
PEJE Foundation
Debra & Leonard Setzer
Benefactor ־
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Selevan Family
The Lodge & Club at Ponte Vedra
Jax Jugglers
Ken & Sofia Eveiy of the Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra
Puzzles Plus
Heirlooms Bistro
Partner ■
Lawrence Ansbacher, Caren & Larry Appel, Sonya & David Cohen, Raissa & Lazar Finker, Levenson Family Foundation,
Rochelle & David Marcus, Robin & Jeffrey Morris, Debbie & Jeff Parker, Chaim & Jeanine Rogozinski, Reuben Sch-
neider, Mary & Leonard Selber, Carole & Louis Shlipak, Stacie & Larry Wilf, Sandy Zimmerman
Patron -
Alexandra & Scot Ackerman, Anne Bernstein, Abe & Shirley Bielski, Gabrielle & Jeff Bubis, Kim & Mark Cheiken, Merle
& Ron Cherry, Denise Sherman & Yakov Feig, Dina & Howard Fetner, Linda & Nathan Franzblau, Phyllis & Larry Gold-
berg, Ira E. Goldfield, CLL ChFC, Miriam & Steven Greenhut, Madeline & Stuart Hecht, Risa & Stuart Herman, Sheila &
Leo Jacobson, Jamie & Daren Jaffe, Barbara & Larry Jaffe, Brenda & Ron Katz, Mimi & Mickey Kersun, Debbie Banks &
Garry Kitay, Joan & Ron Levin, Phyllis & George Levin, Eva & Charles Lipman, Oren Margol, Mibab Family, Mauri & Alan
Mizrahi, Judy & Eddie Mizrahi, Faye & Steve Mizrahi, Carol & Joel Morris, Kahty & Morrie Osterer, Barbara Parker,
Cheryl & Jay Plotkin, Jen & Rick Plotkin, Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin, Wendy & Fred Pozin, Meryl & Harris Rittenberg,
Kim & David Robbins, Howard Roey, Marjie & Abe Rogozinski, Ellen & Alan Rosner, Devon & Perrin Rubin, Ellen &
Barry Setzer, Judy & Stephen Silverman, Rori & Barry Stevens, Rexine & Charles Trager, Cindy & Dan Wohl, Arelene &
Evan Yegelwel, Cathy & Bruce Yergin, Robin & Brad Zimmerman
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
PREMIER
PORTFOLIO
OF CLUBS
The Gate Petroleum Company of
Jacksonville is proud to own and operate
four of the most prestigious private
membership clubs in Florida - the
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club, Epping
Forest Yacht Club, The River Club
and The Lodge & Club . From this
premier portfolio of clubs, an exciting
membership has evolved...The Gate
Governors Club.
A membership in the Governors Club
makes it possible to enjoy privileges at any
combination of two or more clubs within
the Gate family. Club combinations are
packaged and attractively priced creating a
tremendous value.
Governors Club members enjoy such
diverse features as a world class marina,
Atlantic Ocean beaches, championship golf,
tennis, fitness and a luxury spa. A variety of
outstanding restaurants and an exciting
social calendar makes this membership a
desirable choice.
For more information on membership
opportunities and benefits available
with the Gate Governors Club,
please call 904-739-7200 or visit
www.gategovernorsclub.com.
Epping Forest Yacht Club
The River Club Ponte Vedra Inn & Club
The Lodge & Club
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
40
===== PAGE 43 =====
Special Events
We Gratefully Acknowledge
Our Community Sponsors
The Gottlieb Family & Jacksonville Bank
Greene-Hazel & Associates
DuBow Family Foundation
Jacksonville Greyhound Racing
Jacksonville Jaguars, Ltd.
Far East Brokers and Consultants
GrayRobinson, P.A.
Nimnicht Cadillac
PetGuard
Promo Depot
TSG Realty
Vandroff Insurance
Wachovia Securities - The Jaffe Group
Audio Video Lifestyles, Inc.
The Parker Family
Liberty Property Trust
Seafood Sales & Service
Party City of Jacksonville
T.C.S. ־ Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
The Howard Roey Family
Everbank
Mizrahi & Garris Insurance Agency
Ramada Inn - Mandarin
S.E. Joseph & Sons
Shorstein & Kelly Attorney’s at Law, P.A.
9th Annual JJC Golf Classic
The 9th annual Golf Classic, played at the Ponte Vedra Ocean
Course, was not only a great financial success, but a great
time was had by all who participated. Camaraderie was high
and the competition was keen. Congratulations to all.
The credit for this successful program goes to Rick Plotkin,
tournament chair, the committee: Sandy Zimmerman,
Michael DuBow, Jeff Leach, Ben Setzer, Howie Wolpoff,
and Lori Schoettler, Center administrative liaison.
Additional thanks goes to all who helped the day of the
tournament.
The beautiful, Waterford crystal, Horty
T. Gendzier Cup was presented to
the tournament winners Joe Bucher,
John Roberts and Price Schwenck of
Jacksonville Bank.
Horty T. Gendzier was a dedicated
beacon of Jewish education and a
Horty T. Gendzier champion of youth at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and the community. Once
again she was remembered and appreciated when this year’s
Waterford crystal award, the “HORTY,” was presented to
the tournament champions, the team from the Jacksonville
Bank. Proceeds of this fundraising effort directly benefit
scholarships for Jewish education at the Center.
Since 1999, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Golf Classic has
raised thousands of dollars in scholarship money for Samuel &
Esther Galinsky Educational Programs at the Center. Through
the generosity of our sponsors, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is able to offer financial assistance regardless of synagogue
affiliation.
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
Serving the Jacksonville community for over 35 years!
Proud to Be the Exclusive Caterer for the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
♦♦♦ Delicious Meals to Go for Shabbat, Holidays or that Special Event
♦♦♦ Bris/Baby Naming
♦♦♦ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
♦♦♦ Weddings
♦t♦ Shiva Meals
♦♦♦ Corporate and Private Events
(Full catering, self pickup or drop off)
♦> Off premise Kosher catering always available
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with
Wonderful Celebrations
Call us today to make your special event truly special!
268-4200 ext. 142 or 130
“Remember, Margo ,s is available for all your catering needs, in your
place or ours!”
Under Strict Kashrut Supervision by Rabbi Lubliner
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
42
===== PAGE 45 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Alana Ainsleigh Werwa
October 9, 2007
Parents
Todd & Lara Werwa
Spencer Jacob Goldstein
September 17, 2007
Parents
Jay & Laurie Goldstein
Grandparents
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
Nathan Gedaliah Kugler
August 20, 2007
Parents
Jennifer & Jay Kugler
Grandparents
Ruchel & Steve Broadman
Great-Grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Maxwell Alexander Wolinetz
November 28, 2007
Parents
Galina & Brian Wolinetz
Yakov & Svetlana Goldiner
Kara Jeanne Hoffman
November 27, 2007
Great-grandmother
Hilda S. Lewit
Molly Anne Rudowitz
November 11, 2007
Parents
Marcy & Michael Rudowitz
Grandparents
Ellen & George Rubens
Í^LLOOcN” DECOIfcttitofQ
Certified Mohel מוהכי־
SÍECMLISfS
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak
Take your next event to new heights!
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Á »jp Gala Affairs/Grand Openings
Corporate Events/Tradeshows
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
1 Banquets/Award Ceremonies
%JL Weddings/Receptions
118 Willow Bend Lane YY Tel: 386-673-5535
Proms/Reunions/Parties
Ormond Beach, FL 32174 Fax: 386-671-2613
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
).JU
Billie Turner (904) 7248553־
www.floridamohel.com
43
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 46 =====
VVER S )
3802 Beach Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32207
SINCE 1947
8601־398 904
All Major Credit Cards Accepted
WWW .KUHNFLO WERS .COM
we
6059 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Tel: 904.731.4646
Fax: 904.731.4625
JGraff@LaTiendaJewelry.conn
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Thursday 9:00am - 6:00 pm
EXPERT JEWELRY
AND WATCH REPAIR
Whether you’re looking for an insurance appraisal, jewelry repair, watch
repair, 14K and 18K gold chains, charms, rings and bracelets. Diamonds of
all sizes, precious and semi-precious stones. Seiko watches, silver jewelry
and the largest inventory of gold Judaic jewelry in Jacksonville.
La Tienda Jewelry is your complete source for all your jewelry needs, with
over 30 years of experience!
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
44
===== PAGE 47 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Etai Shaul Dragon
January 17, 2008
Parents
Meredith & Zev Dragon
Adyson Claire Shapiro
April 8, 2008
Parents
Adam & Jami Shapiro
Kyra Dorona Jaffa
December 17, 2007
Parents
Daniel & Karianne Jaffa
Max Luca Sherman
February 29, 2008
Parents
Freddie & Julie Sherman
Grandmother
Wanda Mikis
Andrew Zachary Wolpoff
December 11, 2007
Parents
Beth & Howard Wolpoff
Grandparents
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
Asher Joseph Gottlieb
January 21, 2008
Parents
Aaron & Erica Gottlieb
Grandparents
Mel & Debbie Gottlieb
45
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 48 =====
Ramfis Photographic
904-268-3044
B ar/B atMi tz vah
Capturing your Families Tradition
with an Artist Style for generations to come
Serving Jacksonville's
Jewish Community for
over 20 years
דל
By Appointment only
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
46
===== PAGE 49 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Jason Benisch
April 19, 2008
Parents
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Grandparents
Ann & Leon Silke
Evan Benisch
April 19, 2008
Parents
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Grandparents
Ann & Leon Silke
Emily Benisch
April 19, 2008
Parents
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Grandparents
Ann & Leon Silke
Daniel Simon Aronsohn
July 11,2008
Parents
Drs. Renee & Andrew
Aronsohn
Great-grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Gabe Ethan Morris
June 26, 2008
Parents
Nicole & Neil Morris
Grandparents
Barbara & Jerry Portnoy
Brooke Rachel Manasse
May 29, 2008
Parents
Dorone & Lisa Manasse
Grandmother
liana Manasse
Jocelyn Brooke Mibab
May 16, 2008
Parents
Debra & Alan Mibab
Grandfather
Perry Mibab
Fun for
everyone...
No experience
needed!!!
Create your own
piece of hand-
painted art.
6reat for
parties, group
events and more
Doing Dishes
5619 San Jose
Blvd.
Jacksonville, FI
32207
904-730-3729
doingdishes.com
ath/s Creations
Balloon
• Banquets/Weddings
• Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
_ • Family & Class Reunions
Decorating. Pr0ms
• Corporate & Gala Affairs
Professional Balloon
Decorating For All Your
Special Events!
Cathy Harrison,
Owner
904-246-5580
47
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 50 =====
904.398.7668
PHOTOART
Customized Photographic Services
for all your personal and business needs!
www.MitzvahPhotos.com
PhotoEootli 707f0x:om
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Jacob Michael Hecht
Son of
Rose & Larry Hecht
Grandmother
Tootsie Hecht
November 30 &
December 1, 2007
Erica Katzin
Daughter of
Heidi Katzin &
Richard Katzin
January 11 & 12, 2008
Elana Michelle Maiman
Daughter of
Lynn & Leonardo Maiman
Grandmother
Beverly Goldstein
November 23 & 24, 2007
Justin Phillip Vitiello
Son of
Robin & Richard Vitiello
January 4 & 5, 2008
David Alan Zhukov
Son of
Svetlana Zhukova
November 9 & 10, 2007
Aron Zimmerman
Son of
Suzanne &
Scott Zimmerman
Grandmother
Mary Brissinger
December 14 & 15, 2007
Nicole Ansbacher
Daughter of
Debra Ansbacher &
Lawrence Ansbacher
Grandmother
Sybil Ansbacher
October 19 & 20, 2007
Zachary Sandler
Son of
Dayan &
Jeffrey Sandler
December 7 & 8, 2007
• Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
• Private Parties
• Fund Raisers
" We don't just deliver props,
we plan your event
and create atmosphere"
Raymond D. Scott
904-342-6573
aRDwS
EVENT PRODUCTIONS
49
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 52 =====
rr ■#j
l ־ - ׳ * í
í־
v *a j י׳' :
a#»5*í .־! -¡
jthffeWHP* i I ״;
Your child’s coming-of-age is a
once-in-a-lifetime event, so be sure to
celebrate it in a way they’ll never forget -
at Dave & Buster’s.® All your guests are
sure to enjoy our chef-crafted buffets.
And with hundreds of interactive games
Your milestone occasion is
■ ' i ■■JE ■ ■ ■
a-once-1n-a event
Eat. Drink. Play.®
in our Million Dollar Midway, there’s tons
195־ @ J.Turner Butler Blvd.
904.296.1525
daveandbusters.com
of fun for everyone! Big occasions require
big celebrations, so talk to one of our
event planners today!
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
50
===== PAGE 53 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Britney Norton
Daughter of
Missy Frisch & Rick Norton
February 29 &
March 1, 2008
Jared Wolfson
Son of
Lisa & Bud Wolfson
Grandmother
Renee Moses
February 15 & 16, 2008
Alex Wolfson
Son of
Lisa & Bud Wolfson
Grandmother
Renee Moses
February 15 & 16, 2008
Blair DeCrispino
Daughter of
Robin & Scott DeCrispino
Grandparents
Deborah & Alan Fialkow
February 8 & 9, 2008
Katherine Guth
Daughter of
Amy Guth
May 2 & 3, 2008
Avi Rubin
Son of
Perrin & Devon Rubin
April 11 & 12, 2008
Hannah Mizrahi
Daughter of
Steven & Faye Mizrahi
Grandparents
Judy & David Mizrahi
March 14 & 15,2008
Rebekah Peltz
Daughter of
Sharon & Harry Peltz
Grandmother
Lois Peltz
March 7 & 8, 2008
ntertainment
Anyone Can Piay Music,
We Entertainl
(904) 880-7887
Simchas & Special Celebrations
Start With
Invitations from Marcia Wasserman
33 Years Experience Selling Superb Collections of
Unique and Traditional Personalized Papers
20% DISCOUNT 2463246־
OFF RETAIL PRICE FOR APPOINTMENT
(Your House or Mine)
51
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 54 =====
VV vv VV. I VU׳l I L/C/^׳ L/UWIL7CJ.U(JI I I
call 399-5799 and schedule yourpKoto^rcvphy
You Immum It!
We׳ ¿reite It!
J Photography
J DigiPix
J Video
J MC's & DJ's
J Live Entertainment
J Lighting and Production
^Complete Event Coordination
www.jYpartys.com
407-772-9000
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
52
===== PAGE 55 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Michelle Cagan
Daughter of
Leonard & Laura Cagan
May 23 & 24, 2008
Jacob Raikes
Son of
Mitchell & Mary Ann Raikes
June 13 & 14, 2008
Gabrielle Cohen
Daughter of
David & Sonya Cohen
May 16 & 17, 2008
David Raikes
Son of
Larry Raikes
June 13 & 14, 2008
Maci Morse
Daughter of
Todd & Karen Morse
Grandparents
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen
May 9 & 10, 2008
Joshua Stevens
Son of
Rori & Barry Stevens
June 6 & 7, 2008
Trudy Morse
Daughter of
Todd & Karen Morse
Grandparents
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen
May 9 & 10, 2008
Joshua Gordon
Son of
Neil & Minda Gordon
May 30 & 31, 2008
L & L LIMOUSINE
904-739-8289
Fax:904-731-4331
David Leslie
jacksonvillelimousine.net
Joshua Schoettler
Son of
Jim & Lori Schoettler
June 27 & 28, 2008
53
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 56 =====
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
54
===== PAGE 57 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Faye Setzer & Ari Schuchman
December 30, 2007
Married in Israel
Parents
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Jessica Osterer & Victor Hassid
December 15, 2007
Parents
Kathy & Morrie Osterer
emolieó
Wedding & Event
Specialists
Since 1993
Studio: 904-6410213־
Cell: 904-349-6295
kengodwinstudio.com
55
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 58 =====
For a consultation please contact
Lauren Windham Cowgill
lauren@windhameventdesign.com
www.windhameventdesign.com
904.534.8575
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
56
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Cassandra Nelson & David Goldberg
June 1, 2008
Married in Weston, FL
Parents Carole Goldberg & the late Robert Goldberg
Jennifer Henle & Douglas Davis
March 22, 2008
Married in North Brunswick, NJ
Parents Stephen & Judy Davis
liv'r 1twist
Mobile Mixology
Complete leverage Catering
Weddings • ParMitzvahs • Corporate ¿¿ Private Parties
We provide pars, Bartenders
241-6858
Mixers, Cjlassware ¿¿ Pill Supplies
m₪₪₪₪₪₪m₪₪₪₪₪₪₪^®zzzzzz :
Furfc Bsaiscrs Briñksí
píú®®fjh¿:ess Margaritas;, ¿>ai<juiris5 •g13c.l
afaek91 or aZc9h9l aVaiZafeZe r
57
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 60 =====
Open 7 Days • 6 Nights
1111212־ San Jose Blvd. 9400 Atlantic Blvd. 6001 29־ Argyle Forest Blvd.
262-2800 425-3124 262-2800
the biggest selection at the lowest prices!
Party Supplies, Party Favors, Balloons & Helium, Cards, Invitations,
Gift Wrap, Seasonal Decorations, Catering Supplies,
Costume Shop Open Year ’Round
Let Us Make Your
Event Special
Choose from a vast array of:
• Decorator Linens • Colorful Tents
• Fine China • Tables & Chairs
• Classic Flatware
• Wedding/Catering Accessories
. . . and so much more!
We have qualified staff that can assist you In
planning your special event.
KIRBY RENTAL
8051 Bayberry Road
739-1312 or 1-800-252-1312
Production & Enterlainment
Call us to make your next event a success!
6549־386־904
MANDARIN • BEACHES • ORANGE PARK • ORTEGA
Bar Mitvahs • Bat Mitvahs • Special Performances
CATERING BY
LIZ GRENAMYER
CATERBYLIZ@HOTMAIC.COM
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
58
===== PAGE 61 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Nicole Beth Portnoy and Neil Howard Morris
July 4, 2008
Parents Barbara and Jerry Portnoy
Todd and Finesse Blumenthal
June 29, 2008
Married in Atlanta GA
Parents Sue Ann Blumenthal &
the late Henry Allen Blumenthal
Choose A *Fantasy in Flowers as your Fersonal Florist
for Weddings, Far & Fat *Mitzvahs and ad special occasions
9891-7 San Jose Boulevard Jacksonville, Florida 32257 904 268-7022 www.fantasyinflowers.com
59
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 62 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE DWAYNE MOORE
President Vice President
Florida’s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
southernmonument@bellsouth.net
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
60
===== PAGE 63 =====
Burial and Mourning
—Committee 2008-2009—
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this important com-
mittee:
Chairperson
Howard Wolpoff
Keith Kupperman
Morrie Osterer
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Jason Schmerer
Blanche Slott
Elyse Whitman
Sumner Waitz
•Officers 2008-2009■
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President /
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bosssen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day
except Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north
on North Main Street to Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and
go until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New
Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on
43rd Street. The entrance is at the next
right, which is Liberty Street.
As part of their studies, Middle
School students of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School and the Etgar
class at the Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School learn about the
respectful care of the dead, including
tending of burial sites. As a mitzvah
project, the students annually visit the
both Center cemeteries to clean and
care for neglected headstones. We are
proud and grateful to these children
for performing an important mitzvah.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the
memory wall located in the Rogozinski Family Promenade, and a tribute in the
annual Yizkor booklets. You can also learn more about purchasing individual
and family plots at the New Center Cemetery. Details are available in the
Center office. Additionally, contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance
and maintain our cemeteries.
Students from the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
cleaned unattended headstones.
Hevra Kaddisha
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn re-
sponsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated lay-
men from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional duties,
and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process begins
with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the body
for burial. In addition, a Shomer, guardian, will stay at the side of the deceased
reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, un-
der the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment
and dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews re-
gardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
—Nathan C. Sandler; President
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
I
fe
HARDAGE
GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOMES & CEMETERIES
Sandra Moore
Shannon M. Curry
Gary Alexander
Jennifer Crews
Maurice Phillips
John Sullivan
Larry Flor
Gene Morse
Jett Campla
Linda Collins
Karen Bacchus
Tina Smith
Gordon Hardage, Sr.
Ronald Giddens
Robin Giddens Sheppard
Paul Naugle
Janis Diamond
John Guelde
Shaunda Lawson
Tephi Halverson
Brent Perry
Lauren Pechacek
Corrie Solomon
Kerri Landress
7 Locations in Jacksonville Area
729 Edgewood Avenue S.
2711־388־904
4115 Hendricks Avenue
3808־346־904
4315 Main Street
6585־356־904
11801 San Jose Boulevard
0025־288־904
850 B, St. Johns Bluff Road 5753 Blanding Boulevard
5727־777־904 9755־641־904
1701 Beach Boulevard
Jacksonville Beach
2374־249־904
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
62
===== PAGE 65 =====
Lifecycle Events
Dear Departed
Jean Cramer
August 31, 2007
Jack Silverman
December 6, 2007
Philip Copans
March 21, 2008
Eloise Bono
July 1, 2008
Barbara Katz
September 4, 2007
Joseph Sandler
January 2, 2008
Dora Hipler
April 10, 2008
Martin J. Wolf
July 6, 2008
Beatrice Mergner
September 19, 2007
Esther Mibab
January 7, 2008
Clarence Ghelerter
April 11,2008
Pearl Kramer
July 8, 2008
Martin Weisstein
October 8, 2007
Lillian Gordon
January 13, 2008
Glorya Weintraub
April 16, 2008
Rosalind Klein
August 2, 2008
Allan Levine
October 11, 2007
Joseph Jacob “JJ” Miller
January 12, 2008
Betty Rose
April 17, 2008
Stuart Hecht
August 8, 2008
Daniel Shemer
October 14, 2007
Edwin Held
January 18, 2008
Rita Eller
May 3, 2008
Estelle Sandler
August 9, 2008
Joseph Cohen
November 5, 2007
Alex Sekine
February 5, 2008
Rena Bernard
May 21, 2008
Serafima Kaplan
August 10, 2008
Sylvia Wexler
November 12, 2007
Milton Berman
February 5, 2008
Dorothy Shenkman
May 22, 2008
Irma Sandler
August 13, 2008
Zelda Rosenberg
November 14, 2007
Myra Cohen
February 10, 2008
Harold Gross
May 27, 2008
Janice Meisel
August 19, 2008
George Proctor
November 18, 2007
S. William “Bill” Goldstein
March 20, 2008
Irving Isadore Dvoskin
June 3,2008
Northside Mr ♦׳ and &0n Southside
4747 Main Street 4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32206 Funeral Homes Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 355-9545 George H. Hewell II Phone 737-4855
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
63
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 66 =====
Goldfield & Associates
CHARTERED FINANCIAL CONSULTANT
& INSURANCE ADVISOR
Ira E. Goldfield, clu chFC
Providing Service in:
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
• Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401 (K) and Retirement Plans
1 Independent Drive • Suite 2901 • Jacksonville, Florida 32202 • (904) 3543726־
Securities and investment advisory services offered through Lincoln Financial Advisories Corp.,
member NASD, SIPC, and a registered investment advisor.
Insurance products offered through Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. and other fine companies.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
64
===== PAGE 67 =====
G44 d\ím£m(jzz ^yfzsnz
In Loving Memory of
Jeffrey Darryl Anchel
Beloved Son, Brother,
Uncle, Grandson & Husband
Forever in our hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Mom and Dad
Lisa, Bill, Christopher, Rachel, Curtis,
Cindy, Allyson, Katelynn and Brandon
Wendy, Jon, Kimberly and Andrew
Craig, Melinda, Michaela, Jacob and Jeffrey
Robyn, Justin, Briahna, Kesha, Devin and Sean
Grandma and Grandpa
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
( ll/k cf\E.n1£.m(jEX *,ZJfiznz
In Loving Memory of
Lance Cohen* ד
Stan Cohev’
Devoted
Husband and Father
Beloved Son
and Brother
You will always be loved, missed
and in our hearts forever.
Nancy, Brian and Miri
66
===== PAGE 69 =====
^1/Vs ^xknienitjsz ^Dkem
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Gartner
A Wonderful Husband,
Father and Friend
Liz, Tiffany and Jennifer
67
===== PAGE 70 =====
^XzmeniljEZ zm.
In Loving Memory of
Janice Meisel ’
A Devoted Wife, Mother, Daughter and Friend
You will live in our hearts forever
Parents Doreen and Arnold Goodman
Husband Steve
Children Deborah and Michael
68
===== PAGE 71 =====
VVz cj\zn1zn11jzz //2¿/72
In Loving Memory of
Michael Roimcia
Loving Husband,
Friend and Grandfather
Nancy Rolnick
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
Ve ¿JxknizniljEZ *U(z£m
In Loving Memory of
Marty [Dad, Poppy] Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Elayne and Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda,
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie,
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father, grandfather;
great-grandfather and friend.
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett and Rachel
70
===== PAGE 73 =====
(lix cf\£.n1£.mij£.x ^Jizzm
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elyne Moss
Rosanne, Andy,
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kauss
In Loving Memory of
Daniel Pollan
Helene Pollan and Sons
Arthur, Irving, Steven and Edward
and their Families
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
^ l li *ZfliEni
In Loving Memory of
Edwin Presser
Beloved Husband, Devoted Father
and Grandfather
We remember his special love and the wonderful times we shared,
and he is forever in our hearts.
Anne Presser
Marilyn, Stephen, Jeffrey
and their Families
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Beloved Wife, Mother and Grandmother
Jack Price
Ned & Sue Price
Lewis, Genna, Christopher and Brittney
Larry & Susan Price Zenick
Melissa & Anton Equagun
Kingsley and Jonah
Shoshana
Michael Price
David and Elana
72
===== PAGE 75 =====
(714 íf\£.n1£.m¡j£X 1'UíiEni
In Loving Memory of Our
Fathers & Grandfathers
Jerry Zucker
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
Anita, Jeffrey
Jonathan, Laura & Jeremy Eli Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas & Stella Rachel Muzin
In Loving Memory of
Arturo & Consuelo
Garza deGarza
Julio Martinez Nevarez
Irma Villalobos deGarza
Felix & Anna Haizband
Rhoda Jacoby
Al & Ann Rosenberg
Myron Rosenberg
Saul Rosenberg
Frank Rosenberg
Rick, Claudia, Joshua &
Jodie Rosenberg
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
His Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott & Maureen Baker
Reid, Suzette, Ryan,
Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie,
Mathew & Emily Baker
73
===== PAGE 76 =====
(Wz Fx’znzzmijzz
In Loving Memory of
Sol Gottlieb
Sidney and Anne
Rubens
Martin Gottlieb
Gottlieb and Rubens
Family
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Always a part of our lives
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly Baker
Allen Ruby
Paula & Craig Warner
In Memory of
My Blessed Parents
Max Hirsch
Paula Eckhaus Hirsch
and
Sigmund & Josephine Reisch
Wilhelm & Johanna Hirsch
Simon & Pessie Eckhaus
Professor Josef Hirsch
Family Members Martyred 1939 - 1945
Josef & Mathilde Eckhaus
Benjamin Eckhaus
Karl Eckhaus
Oskar Eckhaus
Jenny Hirsch Brueckner
Willhelm Brueckner
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
In Memory of
Marshal Grauer
Martin H. Setzer
Devoted Fathers
and Grandfathers
Ellen and Barry Setzer
Dena Setzer
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
y ve cy\EnzEnzlJEZ frzEnz
In Loving Memory of
K ami Krinsky
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Lubliner
Estelle Hellman
Evelyn & Ralph
Krinsky
Mizrahi
Rabbi Immanuel
Lijbliner
Rabbi Jonathan &
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior and Itamar
Ginnette & Charles Mizrahi
Judy & David Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Annie & Oscar Margol
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
Rea & Harry
Jarchower
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Sonya & Jan Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daniel Aron, Daren Joshua
& Shana Leslie
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Shira Rebecca, Aliza Danielle
& Zachary Asher
Bessie Gamce
Frieda Katz
Belle Margol
Melvin Margol
Alice Eber
Marilyn & Wilbur Margol
and Family
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
Jerald & Karen Morris
75
===== PAGE 78 =====
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Mel Newman
Beloved Husband, Dad & Poppop
Our wonderful memories of so much love
and devotion are ours forever.
Jeanette
Simon & Pamela Newman
Drew Newman
Shelley & Jerry Linsey
David & Lauren Linsey
Robin & Paul Lafata
Randy Linsey
Allison & Phil Cuba
Holly & Randi Zanville
In Loving Memory of
Herman and Zelda
Rosenberg
Joseph and Marianne
DeFalco
Jeanine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Debbie Katz
...and in our heart forever!
Joanne and Sandy Rosenberg
Lindsay, Whitney & Jillian
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Judy Price
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishler
Jerry & Florence Schemer
‘Í4Z/ professions can boast,
but the teacher taught them all. ”
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved
Husband, Father & Teacher
Clive Andriesse
Freída Andriesse
Sarah & Jason Agidius
Jonathon Andriesse
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Sadie & David Barnett
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Sybil Ansbacher
and Family
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
H44 ¿J\ín1znzlj£z ^ypLzm
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
and
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Chary and Michael Greenburg
and Family
In Loving Memory of
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Barbara & Michael Schneider
Lisa and Stefanie
Ivy & Joshua Weingram
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ethel Greene
Ed Jackson & Rose Jackson
Lynne & Alan Greene
In Loving Memory of
“Rita” Griette J. Eller
Feb. 13, 1933 - May 3, 2008
Loving Wife, Mother & Grandmother
George Eller & Family
In Loving Memory of
Bernard Heyman
Bobbie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman,
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg
Carole Goldberg
David & Cassandra Goldberg
Eric & Sherry Goldberg
Lane Goldberg
Marjorie Goldberg
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Mr. & Mrs. Martin Sack, Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
77
===== PAGE 80 =====
fPk ¿dxfmsmíjzz ^ZJÍxzm
In Loving Memory of Beloved
Wife, Mother, Grandmother &
Great Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
Forever in our hearts, always in our thoughts.
Jack Koolik
Bonnie, Neil, Scott, Laurie, Paul,
Dustin & Frankie Sandler
Susan, Edward, Matthew & Stephen Pilcer
Helene, Emily & Erika Saphire
In Loving Memory of Beloved
Husband, Father & Grandfather
Stuart Lipsky
Bess Lipsky
Bruce, Jan, Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Krestll
Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Carolyn Krestul and Family
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
The DuBow Family
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents & Grandparents
Blanche & Sam Marks
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Alan, Jo, & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda & Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
In Loving Memory of
Abe & Sophie Marón
Leon Marón
Theodore Weisman
Morris Libby
Francis Libby
Frlma Libby
Winifred Libby
In Loving Memory of
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Wilf
Larry & Stacie Wilf
and Family
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
fLk ^/\ín1£n1l7£Z
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Barney and Rachel Margolin
Louis and Rene Roey
David Benjamin
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Scott, Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie & Jennifer Roey
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber,
Beverly Shreiber,
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry,
Charles Cherry,
Ilene Selevan
Merle and Ron Cherry
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Naomi & Larry Lazar
In Loving Memory of
Our Beloved Parents & Sister
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Zach, Leslie & Sarah
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
In Loving Memory of
Phillip Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Margaret Schemer
Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Steven & Wendy Gross
Stephanie, Tony & Noah Arlotti
In Loving Memory of Our
Father and Grandfather
Ronald David Spiwak
You’ll be in our hearts forever!
Joanna, Adam & Sophie Levine
Rachel, Josh, Alec & Alaina Feinman
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
(T44 c^yznizniljzx ^ZJhzm
In Loving Memory of
Ghana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Rose Levine
Joan & Ben Talpalar & Family
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Jonathan, Kim & Andrew Weintraub
Shelly Brewer
In Loving Memory of
Max & Mildred Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
Ilene Selevan
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Samuel H. Taxier
Samuel Gross
Soffie Gross
Theodore Taxier
Minnie Taxier
Mrs. S. H. Taxier
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
In Loving Memory of
Irving Geller
Betty & Harvey Goldring
David Goldring
Cynthia Goldring Freidlin
Beverly Geller & Family
In Loving Memory of All
Our Beloved Departed
Always In Our Hearts
Elayne Brown & Family
In Loving Memory of
Bessie & Manny Goldstein
Mildred & Herman Shafner
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
In Loving Memory of
Alan J. Aston
Max Mendelson
Elaine Aston Mendelson
In Loving Memory of My Parents & Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlam
In Memory of Our Beloved and Very Missed Parents
who are always in our hearts!
Morris and Rose Baumgarten
Harry and Rose (Honeybunch) Sneider
Rita & Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of
Norman Greenbaum
Miriam Greenbaum
Mary & Jacob Wexler
Rose & Morris Gray
Allen & Diane Greenbaum Gray
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Chaim & Riva Bielski
Joseph & Ada Sallick
Shirley & Abe Bielski
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
& Molly Rubinstein
Robin & Stanley Halpern & Family
80
===== PAGE 83 =====
(T44 ¿J^zmzmíjzx *Z~J(zsm
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
Marilyn, Mike, Ellis, Ellen
& David Mass
In Loving Memory of
Ruthie & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Jeri and Sam Bernard
Remembering the KaROW FAMILY
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Remembering the S1NGER FAMILY
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Doris Singer
In Loving Memory of
Wanda Organes
Macy A. and Myra Cohen
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Lafer, m.d.
Dennis Lafer & Family
In Loving Memory of
Sidney Ralph
Devoted Husband, Father & Grandfather
LouAnn Ralph & Family
In Loving Memory of
Morris & Edie Levine
Bill, Stevie & Samantha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele
In Loving Memory of
Morton Maltz
Yetta & Louis Platt
Augusta Platt
Abraham Platt
Leonard Platt
Edna Maltz & Family
In Loving Memory of
Leonard & Gertrude Rosenberg
Maurice & Jennie Ida Hollinger
Ruben & Rose Rosenberg
Sharon, A J. and Jerry
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris & Julia Kufman
Inna & Tim Adler
In Loving Memory of
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan, Debra,
Aaron and Miriam Mibab
In Loving Memory of
Bernice & Alex Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl, Elizabeth & Sarah Sekine
Joshua, Emilie & Naomi Paige Sekine
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby, David, Jake & Rachael Pinsky
Jesse Rauchwarger
In Loving Memory of
Jack Silverman
Molly Silverman and Family
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
*T44 d^zmzmtjzx ^ZJízzm
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman and Mary Singal
Norman and Clara Katcher
Sheldon and Elaine Singal
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Annette G. Bernstein
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan & Julie Witten
In Loving Memory of
Lester Greenfield ־ Steven Greenfield
Judy, Scott & Cynthia Greenfield
In Loving Memory of
Mr. & Mrs. Mitchell Lesnik
Mr. & Mrs. Earl Evans
The Lesnik Family
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank and Daphne Woodard
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham M arion
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of
Edward Allen Mervis
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney Norton
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yijdowin
Max and Jean Shmlnes
Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim
liana and Ross
In Memory of the Greatest Father
Irving Raikes
We miss you everyday - The Raikes Family
In Loving Memory of
Sam Rosenblum
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
Rena Bernard ־ Sam & Etta Harris
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed Bernard
In Memory of Our Son
Jonathan Rom
And Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal and Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of Beloved Brother & Nephew
Stanley Cohen - Lance Cohen
Anne Presser & Family
In Loving Memory of
Morris Schemer
Hilda Lewit & Family
In Loving Memory of
Jean Cramer
Beloved Mother and Grandmother - An Inspiration of Energy and Humor
Joanne and Leo Davis
In Loving Memory of
Sam Louis Silberstein
Delores Silberstein and Family
In Loving Memory of Le0 D1NIN,
Esther Dinin & Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of Our Fathers
Max Trotz
Milton “Biddy” Sterman
Karen & Phil Sterman
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jason Freedman
Marilyn D. Freedman
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson
Sandra Poermanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda See Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Loving Memory of
Merry Wolfson and Ben & Gussie Baker
Renee Wolfson Moses
In Loving Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memory of
Al Zadoff
Pearl Zadoff, Children & Grandchildren
82
===== PAGE 85 =====
Sometimes
keeping the
means planning
ahead.
For over 100 years, Evergreen has
been helping Jacksonville families
plan ahead with a variety of
cemetery products, services and
payment options. Help keep the
peace in your family. Come in or
call Evergreen Cemetery today.
It happens. Suddenly cenietery
arrangements have to be made
and no one knows what his
loved one “would have wanted.”
Then, the arguing begins.
You can prevent this happening to
your family by calling Evergreen
Cemetery today.
(tyverfireen י׳
c E M Cr E T E R Y
Evergreen Cemetery 4535 Main Street, Jacksonville.FL 32206 353-3649
Mount Ganmel CjasubeuA,
EQUAL
HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY
• Housing for Seniors and
persons with verifiable disabilities
• Efficiencies, alcoves, small and
large one bedroom apartments
• Rental includes utilities (lights,
heat and air conditioning)
• Range, refrigerator and fully carpeted
• Laundry facilities available
• 24 hour security
• Complete activities program
• Jacksonville Housing voucher accepted
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace Linda Rubens, R.N.N.H.A.
Jacksonville, FL 32216 Executive Director
Telephone 7336696־ • Fax: 7393512־
83
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 86 =====
Thanks to all our customers for making us
Jacksonville’s “Sub King” since 1982!
Home of the BIG ONE
lOO Locations and Growing like Had!
Call Corporate Office
9049069־739־ Visit us on the web
to find your Nearest Location wwwlarryssubs.com
Catering
Available
I
(904) 737-6337
fax (904) 899-6827
www.watson-plumbing.com
Residential • Commerical • Industrial
Repairs
% Watson Plumbing
\ The Watson Way
.ad
CFC 057664
4456 Sunbeam Road
Suite 200
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
84
===== PAGE 87 =====
The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool
Located in the Selevan Preschool & Day Care Center
A Message from the Early Childhood Director
for others, goodness, kindness. Song,
dance and hands-on activities introduce
Jewish customs and holidays, giving
children a positive feeling about
themselves and their place in the world.
We seek to create a stimulating and
enriching educational environment for
each and every child. We are devoted
to helping children learn socialization
skills, building their self-confidence and
teaching them the preliminary skills to
explore and experience the world. Our
goal is to provide children with the early foundation
and framework to prepare them for the transition to
elementary school. In addition, we seek to ignite a spark
in each child to lay claim to his/her Jewish heritage and
commit him/her to a lifetime passion for learning.
We consider ourselves partners with the parents
in their child’s preschool development. We want parents
to share in their children’s early learning experiences.
Parents are urged to communicate with the teachers.
They are also invited to join our Preschool Parent
Association, family get-togethers and parenting
workshops.
Stop by our preschool to see all the wonderful,
sweet faces, messy hands and busy feet! We are having
fun, learning and growing! Come share in our joy!
On behalf of the JJC Preschool faculty, staff, and
my own family, I wish you a Shana Tova U’Metukah, a
Healthy and Happy New Year.
— Shereen Canady
A
Shereen Canady
Director
t the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Preschool we see each child as a
unique and precious gift entrusted
into our care. This concept is what governs
our school’s educational approach. Our
emphasis is placed on the individual child
and on encouraging each child’s innate
inquisitiveness and thirst for knowledge.
When you walk into our preschool
you immediately feel at home, so welcome,
and so comfortable. You have entered an
exciting world! We are a preschool family,
and our entire staff works together to create a warm,
nurturing environment for our children.
If you peek into some of our rooms you may see
a group of moms and babies enjoying song time during
our Shalom Baby, mommy & me class. In another room
you might see a group of children experimenting with
paint. In the room across the hall, you might see Morah
Rachel leading a group in morning prayers or Morah
Miriam building an edible Noah’s Ark. You can smell
the sweet scent of honey cake coming from Ms. Joni’s
class or hear ducks quacking in Ms. Cheryl’s class. In
Ms. Haley’s class they might be building the city of
Jerusalem in the block center, while the children in Ms.
Amit’s class might be embarking on a nature walk to
find pine cones. Music time with Ms. Zina fills our
halls with song. Everyday you will find each room and
our playground buzzing with excitement and the joy of
learning.
Our children are taught basic human values- respect
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris Stephanie Teitelbaum
Judaica Teachers Pre-School Admissions
Director
===== PAGE 88 =====
Early Childhood
Playtime and Special Activities
86
===== PAGE 89 =====
Early Childhood
STAFF: Back Row- Haley Blount, Gail Kell, Cheryl Gartner,
Jennifer Katz, Suzanne Chacon. Middle Row - Robin
Morris, Meghan Shellman, Shereen Canady, Director,
Ellen Balotin, Eve Goldberg, Robin Vitiello, Esther
Ohayon, Zina Levitsky, Hanna Bendit, Amit Homsky.
Front Row- Michelle Margol, Shirley Thacker, Stephanie
Teitelbaum, Shana Gutterman, Miryam Corbett, Alla
Makhtina, Joni Shmunes, Rucha Pathak.
Not Shown-Deanna Verboort and Denitra Green
DOOBONIM: Back Row- Amit Homsky, Teacher, Ella
Haas, Shelly Kats, Jacob Gross, Jake Yaksich, Veronica
Turchin, Denitra Green, Assistant. Front Row - Sophia
Milian, Joseph Weiner, Taha Zagagi, Evan Wolpoff,
Joshua Katz, George Setzer, and Dante Gavigiio.
Not Shown - Madison Ruckh, Jacob Rutansky, Maria
Bezverkh and Harrison Manin
KOFIMI: Back Row- Cheryl Gartner, Teacher, Eva Gridley,
Elad Homsky, May Amoyal, Zipporah Goldberg, Jake
Yaksich, Zev-Adi Goldberg and Ellen Balotin, Assistant.
Front Row - Samantha Gross, Ava Jaffa, Maxwell
Gross, Brooke Trager, Elli Trager, Andrew Herbst and
Alexandra Selevan. Not Shown: Anna Feig and Joshua
DeBardeleben.
KOFIM II: Back Row- Eve Goldberg, Teacher, Eden
Ben-Moshe, Jason Saperstein, Rachel Stillword, Grant
Beyer, Ashley Zunic and Suzanne Chacon, Assistant.
Front Row- Mason Teitelbaum, Elizabeth Rutansky, Danny
Bubis, Daisy Handmaker, Ariel Ohayon and Abby Cross.
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
Early Childhood
PARPARIM: Back Row - Haley Blount, Teacher, Abigail
Fixel, Issa Zhukov, Leah Zimmerman, Ronen Marlowe, Lial
Amoyal, Julia DeBardeleben and Esther Ohayon, Assistant.
Front Row - Gabriel Willens, Jonathan Gur, Allie Bielski,
Jack Hernandez, Anastasia Leonard, Jacob Alalof and
Jacob Sommers. Not Shown: Brandon Ruckh
TZEEPORIM I: Back Row - Joni Shmunes, Teacher,
Miryam Corbett, Assistant and Meghan Shellman,
Assistant. Middle Row- Shane Rubin, Joshua Miller, Lia
Friedman, Alexa Verboort, Ethan Plotkin, Julia Canady
and Crey Thacker, Front Row- Noah Gutterman, Sydney
Herbst, Orli Gutterman, Rebecca Burstein, Jeremy
Zaifert, Emily Teitelbaum and Jagger Leach.
TZEEPORIM II: Back Row- Gail Keil, Teacher, Zach
Mizrahi, Nathan Shcherbakov, Nicolas Dmitriev, Jeffrey
Girjel, Maiah Jaffa, Samuel Sirotkin and Hanna Bendit,
Assistant. Front Row - Elizabeth Stillword, Eli Every,
Daniel Fedchenko, Veronica Bryant, Jonathan Kats,
Camryn Cross and Noah Dresner
TZEEPORIM III: Back Row- Sydni Rudowitz, Samantha
Zimmerman, Grace Beyer, Benjamin Chafetz, Jacob
Selevan, Aidan Perkel and Robin Vitiello, Assistant. Front
Row- Abbey Lantinberg, Emma Lantinberg, Ali Shapiro,
Kayli Corbett, Elad Ohayon and Eliana Jaffa.
Not Shown: Deanna Verboort, Teacher
TZEEPORIM IV: Back Row- Shana Gutterman, Teacher,
Ayden Israel, Rebecca Katz, Gabrielle Morris, Jasmine
Mail, Aaron Potter, Evan Levy and Alla Makhtina,
Assistant. Front Row - Madison Chwast, Griffith Werwa,
Jonah Willens, Ori Dragon, Bailey Daigle, Arin Nathans
and Ethan Leftkowitz. Not Shown: Parker Balotin
88
===== PAGE 91 =====
Shalom Baby;
Mommy & Me with a Jewish Twist
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool’s Shalom Baby program has been operating for two years now. Classes meet
weekly to offer mommies and babies an environment to play and learn. Each class has a Jewish twist to it... either in story, song,
craft or circle time. Each class also has an exciting topic to bring moms together for discussion.
Shalom Baby offers its classes following the Preschool’s calendar and also the camp schedule to make it easily available
to moms or caregivers with older children in the Preschool or Day School.
If you are interested, please stop by the Preschool office for more information, or call Jennifer Katz (Class instructor) at
2684200־x143. Hope to see you soon!
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
Kids Club
JJC Schools’ Kids Club -Extended Day Program
Around the World in 180 Days, Or Bust!
Donna Slavin
Kids Club Coordinator
learn to write our names in Chinese and eat with chopsticks.
As we travel Down-Under we will hop like kangaroos during
our Hop־A־Thon, discover the beauty of the Great Barrier
Reef and dance and sing with the Wiggles. In January we will
take a trip to the Arctic and discover snowflakes while in our
home-made igloos. Next we will travel to South America and
explore the wonders of the Rain Forest. A visit from real live
critters will make this a hands on experience for the children.
Finally it’s “Home Sweet Home” as we head back to North
America, home of cowboys, dolphins, alligators and how
could we forget, baseball.
We look forward to a great year!
—Donna Slavin
Kids Club Coordinator
I am so excited to be the new Kids Club coordinator this
year and together with the Kids Club staff have planned
an action packed adventure exploring the continents
as our theme. All children enrolled in Kids Club will be
taking a fabulous trip around the world, visiting all seven
continents. There will be so many places to go, languages
to learn, music and dances to enjoy, foods to eat, and crafts
to make. Here is a preview of some of the fun activities
we have planned. While in Europe we will build cereal box
castles, eat spaghetti in Italy and learn to dance the flamenco
in Spain. Africa will be a safari adventure and in Egypt the
children will be transformed into mummies. Moving to the
Middle East, we will visit Israel and experience the ancient
and modem culture of the Jewish homeland. In Asia we will
celebrate the Olympic games complete with cookie medals,
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
Located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
A Message from the Principal
A good school has formal procedures
in place to evaluate its program, standards,
faculty, and administration, primarily to
ensure that the specific learning and physical
needs of the students are being met. A great
school has these formal procedures in place,
but it will seek other methods to evaluate
whether its students’ spiritual, social, and
emotional needs are also being met. Such
a great school will evaluate what has been
learned by providing ways for children
to apply their learning to real life. These
less formal evaluations sometimes present themselves
during unexpected occasions. One such occasion was
during Shavuot, when some of the confirmands, who
are former day school students, were reading their
essays, written in response to a prompt asking them to
design their own synagogue. These essays, so proudly
read by our future leaders, were most thoughtful, with
reflections on their own experiences and upbringing.
At the top of their lists was including a day school in
their “perfect” synagogues. For them, having a place to
live and learn Jewishly every day was a most important
priority. As 1 listened with hope in my heart to these
essays, I thought to myself how fortunate it is for our
students that our devoted parents, our very involved
Rabbis and Cantor, our extraordinary teachers, and our
dedicated Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center are so committed to the future of our great day
school.
Wishing you and your families a good and sweet
■VCa1'' — Carole Goldberg
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School,
housed within the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, is one of
seventy-five schools in the country
affiliated with the prestigious Solomon
Schechter Day School Association,
which operates under the umbrella of
the United Synagogue of Conservative
Judaism. Our day school offers a
comprehensive bilingual education in
Judaic and General Studies, including
resources in music, art, technology and
physical education, for kindergarten through eighth
grade students.
Visit the Jacksonville Jewish Center during the
week, and walk the halls and grounds where you will
hear the varied sounds of our students: singing, and
sometimes dancing, to their prayers; skip-counting in
line on their way to a resource class; quizzing each other
at their lockers before a demanding test; squealing with
delight over a well-placed basketball shot; giggling as
butterflies, nurtured in their classroom, flutter about
and land on noses and ears. Listen to the other sounds
of learning from students and teachers, in Hebrew and
in English, and see the serious looks of thoughtful
discussion and the wide-eyed expressions during the
“aha” moments. Note the use of technology, particularly
our new SMART Boards, integrated into all aspects of
learning. Watch and listen to the countless preparations
for mitzvah trips and projects, allowing our students to
actively make the world a better place. You will sense
that you are in a great school.
Carole Goldberg
Principal
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of the
Middle School
===== PAGE 94 =====
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Special Activities
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
ן— 2009־2008
PTA Officers
Presidents:
Sue Levine and
Perrin Rubin
Past President:
Debbie Banks
Preschool Parents
Committee Liaison:
Gabrielle Bubis
Teacher Liaison:
Shelly Zavon
VPs Fundraising:
Risa Herman and
Sam Levin
VP Membership:
Christina Levine
VP Programming:
Tammy Schemer
VP Services:
Debbie Goldstein
Treasurer:
Sara Gross
Secretary:
Alyse Nathans
Jay Sandler
Music
Shannon Gutterman
Art
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Parent-Teacher Association
The PTA of the schools of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is committed to being the leading
source of parent involvement in our schools. Parent involvement is crucial to our children
and allows them to not only perform better in school, but also more easily navigate through the
challenges of growing up.
The PTA of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and the Preschool Parents Committee work
together to provide many wonderful programs for our children, strengthen our schools through
fundraising, and work with our teachers in every way to show our appreciation for their dedication
to nurture and educate our children. We also provide opportunities to better educate ourselves as
parents.
Some of the outstanding programs provided by PTA are Red Ribbon Day (Drug Awareness),
Mystery Reader, Vision Screening, Holiday Observance, Shabbat Boxes, and the publication
of our yearbook, The Pride. Our annual Kaleidoscope Day provides a day of arts and cultural
education for our children.
One of our most successful programs and fundraisers this past year was our Chai Walk, which
raises monies to benefit all the Center schools. Our magazine sale is another important annual
fundraiser and we invite all of you to participate. All new magazine sales and renewing magazine
subscriptions benefit the schools. We would like to thank our many sponsors, families and friends
for coming together and supporting our schools in such a generous way. Successful fundraising
benefits every classroom in the preschool and day school, as well as provides for enhancements
as requested by our principals.
We hope you will join us as a volunteer or come to one of our programs, as we work together to
create a future community of knowledgeable and responsible Jewish citizens.
Sue Levine and Perrin Rubin
PTA Co- Presidents
200809־ Resource Teachers
Liza Furman
Physical
Education
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Coordinator
Andrea Hernandez
Technology
Coordinator
liana Manasse
Judaica Staff
Coordinator
Kathy Stark
Mitzvah Program
Assistant
Louise Leonard
Librarian
Kim Glasgal-Levy
Technology Assistant
Jo Ann Kagan
Academic Resources
93
===== PAGE 96 =====
MJGDS 2007-08 Glasses
KINDERGARTEN
Teachers:
Mindy Rosendahl, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Marlene Watkins, Assistant
Students: Jamie Bielski,
Rebecca Bubis, Julia Canady, Ari Goldberg,
Savonnie Gonzalez, Yoni Homsky,
Ethan Levine, Elior Lublinor,
Itamar Lubliner, Zoe Mail, Evelyn Mizrahi,
Ilai Pipemo, Zachary Shainbrown,
Karl Stillword, Yaelle Szoychen,
Haley Thomas, Jolie Weiss
FIRST GRADE
Teachers:
Bonnie Loeser, General Studies
Rebekah Selevan, Assistant
Robin Morris, Judaic Studies
Hanna Bendit, Assistant
Students: Casey Balotin, Cayla Canady,
Danielle Fetner, Barbie Goldstein,
Benjamin Greenhut, Brianna Grossman,
Naomi Herman, Lily Hernandez,
Shoshanna Howard, Rachel Levy,
Talya Pames, Jacob Saperstein,
Gil Sapolsky, Sarah Schemer,
Gillian Shapiro
SECOND GRADE
Teachers:
Carla Bernard, General Studies
Edith Horovitz, Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Kathleen Hopson, Assistant
Students: Shira DuBow, Hannah Elder,
Joshua Feig, Lilian Goldberg,
Hannah Gross, Allie Israel, Ellis Levine,
Sabrina Mail, Zarra Marlowe, Max Mizrahi,
Daniel Nabert, Rachel Olive,
Montgomery Phillips, Lance Schlecter,
Samuel Sommers, Carly Thomas,
Claire Thompson, Shelby Weiss,
Allison Wolfson, Reesa Zaifert,
Joshua Zimmerman
94
===== PAGE 97 =====
MJGDS 2007-08 Classes
THIRD GRADE
Teachers:
Marjie Rogozinski, General Studies
Liat Walker and Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Laura Hakala, Assistant
Students: Matan Dragon,
Samuel Goldstein, Ari Howard,
Julia Kahn, Aaron Kitay, Jordan Levine,
Avichai Lubliner, Benjamin Miller,
Jonathan Mirensky, Ryan Mizrahi,
Jared Plotkin, Joey Plotkin, Sonya Pulley,
Elan Sandler, Liam Wirsansky
FOURTH GRADE
Teachers:
Andrea Raitt, General Studies
Liat Walker and Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Angela Mungin, Assistant
Students: Joel Cohen, Jacob Fetner,
Steven Finker, Seth Goodman,
Hana Gottlieb, Matthew Herman,
Samantha Katzin, Jenna Levin, Eli Mizrahi,
Douglas Nabert, Rebecca Nathans,
Jakob Pollan, Brooke Sapolsky,
Samuel Schiller, Ilyssa Ward, Talia Wind,
Joey Zimmerman
FIFTH GRADE
Teachers:
Shelly Zavon, General Studies
liana Manasse, Judaic Studies
Wendy Gaff, Assistant
Students: Michael Appel, Justin Clevette,
Gabrielle Cohen, Shira Ferman,
Scott Goldstein, Sydney Gross,
Eliza Israel, Jenna Levine, Sarah Miller,
Rachel Mizrahi, Orly Ohayon,
Ivan Pulley, Micah Rubin, Sarit Sandler,
Leslie Schemer, Ariel Szoychen,
Rachel Walker
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
MJGDS 2007-08 Classes
SIXTH GRADE
Homeroom: Judy Reppert
Students: Michael Ansbacher,
Hannah Gendzier, Alex Gottlieb, Ron Gur,
Shira Kitay, William Leonard,
Victoria Levine, Shaina Plotkin,
Mami Sapolsky, Sanford Vining,
Tyler Williamson
SEVENTH GRADE
Homeroom: Deborah Kuhr
Students: Michelle Cagan,
Andrew Clevette, Gabrielle Cohen,
Jacob Hecht, Lauren Jaffe, Hannah Mizrahi,
Trudy Morse, Britney Norton, Avi Rubin,
Ari Sandler, Alexandra Witten,
Alex Wolfson, Jared Wolfson,
David Zhukov, Aron Zimmerman
EIGHTH GRADE
Homeroom: Susan Burkhart
Students: Nicole Ansbacher, Nikki Bailys,
Michael Cheiken, Jonah Kitay, Maci Morse,
Harrison Phillips
96
===== PAGE 99 =====
MJGDS Middle School
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
Milestone Events
Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School Graduation
Wednesday, May 14, 2008
The graduation ceremony for the 7th grade Etgar class
marked the completion of Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School and promotion to Beit Midrash Hebrew High.
This year’s graduates from the Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
are: Blair DeCrispino, Charlie DuBow, Jeffrey Goldring,
Joshua Gordon, Katherine Guth, Erica Katzin, Elana
Maiman, Charles Pett, David Raikes, Jacob Raikes,
Joshua Schoettler, Joshua Stevens, and Justin Vitiello.
had prepared on the theme “If I built my own synagogue I
would...”. As is customary, the Center Sisterhood gave each
participant a Tanakh and booklet of mazel tov greetings
from members of the congregation. The Center Men’s Club
presented a Kiddush cup to each Confirmand.
This year’s Confirmants are: Molly Appel, Michael
Appelbaum, Richard “Richie” Bailys, Alyssa DeCrispino,
Aliza Goldstein, Matthew Kingson, Eric Levenson,
Kara Levine, Charles “Charlie” Raitt, Zach Rogozinski,
Gabriel Rosner, Manny Shapiro
Hagigat HaSiddur - Consecration
Shabbat Morning, February 2, 2008
First Grade students of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School celebrated a Haggigat HaSiddur - Consecration
marking the beginning of their formal Hebrew education. To
celebrate the 60th anniversary of Israel the students presented
songs and readings about many aspects of Israel.
Mazel tov to the consecrants and their families: Casey
Balotin, Rose Blumenfeld, Cayla Canady, Alex Cywes,
Claire Cywes, Jacqueline Emas, Danielle Fetner, Tyler
Fishman, Lilian Goldberg, Barbara Goldstein, Benjamin
Greenhut, Madison Grosse, Brianna Grossman, Naomi
Herman, Lily Hernandez, Shoshana Howard, Rachel
Levy, Ellis Levine, Talya Parnés, Julia Plotkin, Jacob
Saperstein, Gil Sapolsky, Sarah Schemer, Gillian Shapiro,
Samuel Sommers, Sydney Teitelbaum, Abigail Zilberman,
Sabrina Zilberman, Bennett Zimmerman, Brooke
Zimmerman, Wendell Zimmerman & Alyssa Zunic
Shavu’ot - Confirmation
6 & 7 Sivan 5768, June 8- 10, 2008
Shavu’ot celebrates the receiving of the Torah and
Ten Commandments. It is fitting that this festival should
acknowledge the accompanying sense of commitment to
Jewish life that Confirmation represents.
Throughout the festival, our Confirmands demonstrated
the knowledge they had gained through completion of the
Beit Midrash Hebrew High program by fully participating
in Shavu’ot services. In addition, students read essays they
98
===== PAGE 101 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism Framework for Excellence School
A Message from the Religious School Director
Jewish education that prepares them to
enter our community as capable young
adults.
Grades K, 1 and 2 attend for 2 hours
on Sundays only. We offer six full hours
for 3rd through 7th grades by adding
two weekday afternoons (Mondays
and Wednesdays), which allows us to
present an in-depth language and prayer
curriculum as well as the involvement
of our clergy on a frequent basis. Our
students are regular participants in
synagogue-wide programs, services,
and special events. Parent Education
programs, if desired, are also available at
convenient times. Small classes allow our children (and
parents!) to form life-long bonds and nurture a love of
our rich Jewish heritage.
Shanah tovah!
— Lois Tompkins, Principal
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
e are once again looking
forward to a new and
exciting year at the Bernard
& Alice Selevan Religious School. We
have intensified our Hebrew program
and added several new dimensions to
our curriculum, including: a highly-
successful spiritual component led by our
Rabbis, an accelerated program designed
to challenge our advanced students,
musical involvement with our new
Hazzan Jesse Holzer, and an expanded
art and computer element. An individual
tracking and assessment system is now
in place to assure that each and every
student progresses at their own pace with their Hebrew
reading, language, and prayer skills. A special-needs
professional is always on hand to give support as
needed to individuals and groups. Rounded out with
a strong Judaica curriculum, including Torah, Mitzvot,
History, Life Cycle, and Holiday, numerous family
programs, and a dedicated and nurturing staff, our
award-winning Religious School provides a complete
Youth Congregations■
Meet Shabbat Mornings
1 la.m. to Noon
Gan Shabbat
5 years and under
Mini-Minyan
Kindergarten -1 st Grade
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
20082009־ Religious School Staff
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
100
===== PAGE 103 =====
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
Classes of 2007-2008
FIRST GRADE-ALEF
Rose Blumenfeld, Alex Cywes, Claire Cywes,
Jacqueline Emas, Tyler Fishman, Jerry Gomer,
Madison Grosse, Julia Plotkin, Hannah Silverstein,
Sydney Teitelbaum, Sabrina Zilberman,
Brooke Zimmerman, Wendell Zimmerman, Alyssa Zunic
THIRD GRADE ־ GIMEL
Jennie Gordon, Danielle Oko,
Julian Rubin, Taylor Rudowitz
SIXTH GRADE -VAV
Julia Allerding, Benjamin Cooper, Talia Fetner,
Samuel Fleisher, Noah Levin, Josh Nevers, Jackie Phillips,
Sam Yarish
KINDERGARTEN
Amelia Emas
& Julia Katzin
SECOND GRADE ־ BET
Joel Margol, Abigail Zilberman,
Bennett Zimmerman
FOURTH GRADE ־ DALET
Jessie Friedman
FIFTH GRADE ־ HAY
Harrison Andrew, Hailey Berger, Martin Cohen
Kevin Brandon Corbett, Eden Margol, Rachel Nevers,
Lee Safer, Carly Stevens, Rachel Dranetz
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
BDT Concepts, Inc.
www.bdtconcepts.com
Brian Williams
bwilIiams@bdtconcepts.com
New & Compatible Toner Cartridges
Printers • Fax Machines • Point of Sale
Sales • Service • Supplies
5121 Bowden Road, Suite 305 • Jacksonville, FL 32216
(904)262-2590 • (800)736-5199 • Fax:(904)262-2565
I f. \
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-4391 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
*
ESTATE PLANNING
*
RETIREMENT PLANNING
7״״
% ssil¡ sin#
BUTENSKY & COHEN
Financial Security, Inc.
Registered investment Advisors
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
ר*/.:
¡Mié
(904) 273-9850 * (800) 893-2324
THE BUIENSY & COHEN BUILDING
110 PROFESSIONAL DRIVE • TOME VEDRA BEACH, FL32082
Located in Ponte Vcdrn Lakes Professional Park • wvw.butcnskycohcn.com
]ustPrint It!
982526־ San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-4644
(904)262-4738
email justpri11tit@bcllscmth.net
5858 St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-7314177
• Multi/FuU Color
Printing:
Newsletters Letterhead
Brochures Envelopes
Forms Business Cards
Catalogs Reports
• Layout & Design
• High Volume
Duplicating
• Custom Binding
& Finishing
• Typesetting
• Fax Services
Nail Polish Tanning Products
Brushes & Combs
U
Shampoos
&
Conditioners
□Process Tltasfer
C*•fA £ OMmtrtrmtlnn #ד׳ f f*•rn.t . Curnilum . fnlar//«■
Care A Restoration of Carpet • Furniture • interiors
Home of the
“Big Clean”
Spring Cleaning is our Specialty!
Specializing in
Tile & Wood Flooring
MARK TOLLESON
0440־725 (904)
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
102
===== PAGE 105 =====
Center Youth Department
A Message from the Youth Director
that they will carry with them forever.
Through our advisors, your children
learn to be responsible, resourceful, original
and creative. Those adults are committed
to youth groups rich in Jewish values and
traditions. They serve as true mentors,
instilling a sense of pride in all our young
people.
We, at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Youth Department, strive to grow along with
our children. We must encourage them to
continue their Jewish and community social
action participation and guide them in their efforts to
become educated, open-minded Jewish adults.
I continue to look forward to helping guide our
children in these important endeavors. Thank you all for
another wonderful year.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families.
— Gayle D. Bailys
G׳
1
rowing up at the Jacksonville
^Jewish Center provides our
children with many fine
opportunities to be productive members
of their community, both inside and
outside the building. We are proud to
contribute to that growth.
One of our main goals is to teach
the children the importance of giving
back. That is repeatedly accomplished
through the many projects and programs
the Center Youth Department offers.
They not only learn to put smiles on other people’s faces,
but we’ve seen plenty of smiles on our kids’ young faces as
well. The memories created by these moments are, as the
commercial says, priceless.
The interaction among the children is also a special
part of life in the Youth Department. They often don’t
realize that they are learning and growing as they have so
much fun. The friendships they make and the relationships
they mold with the leaders of the Center are, again, things
Gayle Bailys
Director
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The
committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that the future of Conservative
Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue
summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah
Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities for our children to share
wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth Commission
assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue and community.
Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring warm wishes and
promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing
and email addresses.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and development
within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and
Youth Director, sets the standards and
policies for these programs.
103
===== PAGE 106 =====
manic spluak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Mornings & Nights All Levels - 3 to Adult
• GYMNASTICS
• ACROBATICS
• CHEER DANCE
SUMMER CAMP
Preschool Combo Classes
for 35־ year olds
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos. - 2V2 yrs. old
BALLET •POINTE
CHARACTER
JAZZ * TAP
HIP HOP •MODERN
PRIVATE CLASSES
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
FRUIT COVE
4619־287
445 N. State Rd. 13, 1/2 mile
south of Julington Creek Bridge
JULINGTON CREEK PLANTATION
7778־230
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
Corner -Racetrack & Flora Branch
¿Stzztdon D^ajitan
& c/fiioaiatzs.
When the world seems to big
and you don't know which way to turn...
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
Since 1973
• Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Familes
396-2666
3601 Hendricks Avenue
FL. Lie. PY0002334
MANDARIN
3583־268
3740 San Jose Place
Behind Long John Silver’s
Tiimbli
Tumble - Be Fit
This Is Our Kid!
Qgmnaotico, !TumMing <£ ^itne06
c£a¿0e0 (o* JCidó
6a££ fxfJt txiat cCoóó. _
C£a¿¿ Space ¿0 (united י
CLge. 16 month to j ^
Slcmcntwig School CCge
iftbtthdcuf 3*cvttieo avaiia&ie
Conveniently located in Julington Creek area off Race Track Rd.
next to Mark Spivak’s Dance Extension
For schedule and forms please visit
markspivak.com
Discount applied to Mark Spivak’s Institute & Dance Extension students
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
230-6291/230-7778
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
104
===== PAGE 107 =====
Center Youth Groups
Chalutzim
Grades 4 and 5
2009־2008
Chalutzim Officers
Board President
Jake Fetner
Vice President Programming
Eli Mizrahi
Vice President Social Action
Julian Ruben
Secretary
Avichai Lubliner
Members at Large
Jenny Gordon
Joey Plotkin
Matan Dragon
Liam Wirsansky
105
===== PAGE 108 =====
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
FLEET & ASSOCIATES
ARCHITECTS/PLANNERS, INC.
4041 Sunbeam Rd. Jacksonville FI. 32257
(904) 730-8103 FAX 7308105־
AAC001226
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
(904) 398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
ARCHITECTURAL PROGRAMMING SITE ANALYSIS
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGN SITE PLANNING
FEASIBILITY STUDIES REZONING/PUDS
SITE DEVELOPMENT EXCEPTIONSA/ARIANCES
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
ROBERT S. FLEET, AIA JANIS K. FLEET, AICP
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility
3599 University Boulevard S. Suite #804
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
A1 Freidlin
REALTOR®
4685 Sunbeam Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office:9042290־737־
3333־346
Cell: 904-635-6005
Fax: 903.731-4517
Home: 904-7315315־
E-mail: alfreidlin@WatsonRealtyCorp.com
Watson Realty Corp. REALTORS*
■ Far East Brokers
3" and Consultants, me.
6871 Belfort Oaks Place • Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Phone: 904-332-9006 • Fax: 904-332-9007
febac@fareastbrokers.com
O&esi WisAes for a dfealifiy and Jiappy D^Cew year
The Zimmermans
Charles & Elyne
Morrie, Chase, Bennett & Wendell
Kim & Charlie
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
106
===== PAGE 109 =====
Center Youth Groups
KADIMA
2009־2008
Kadima Officers
President
Blair DeCrispino
Vice Presidents Programming
liana Maiman, Avi Ruben
Vice Presidents Social Action
Aron Zimmerman, Jacob Hecht
Treasurers
Shira Ferman, Sidney Gross
Secretaries
Talia Fetner, Jenna Levine
Members־at־Large
Julia Allerding
Michael Appel
Hannah Mizrahi
Shaina Plotkin
Micah Ruben
Alex Wolfson
Jared Wolfson
Sam Yarish
Grades 6, 7, 8
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
A
ATLANTIC
S E C U R
־westec m
SECURITY ^9-
SECURITY A COMMUNICATIONS A AUDIO/VIDEO
LIGHTING CONTROL A STRUCTURED WIRING A CCTV
ACCESS CONTROL ACENTRAL VAC A CONNECTED HOME
since 1968
one mission “<Quality ”
sales • service • install
1714 Cesery Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
FL: (904) 743-8444 GA: (912) 264-8679
Fax: (904) 743-8466
THE
ICE
MAN
We Deliver 50 lb. Bags
of Cubed Ice
24 Hours a Day
LIC. LU405163
LIC. EF0001226
Jerald I. Seebol, CFP
Senior Vice President — Wealth Management
CÍÍÍsmith barney
446-6044 (800) — 2347־858 (904)
Certified Financial Planner
We also Lease Ice Machines
Fast
Deliveries
stocks — bonds — mutual funds
financial and retirement planning
education funding plans
IRA accounts — 401 (k) plans
1301 Riverplace Blvd., Suite 600
Jacksonville, FL 32207
FAX (904) 858-2390
jerald.i.seebol@smithbarney.com
www.fa.smithbarney.com/jerald_seebol
Restaurants
Lounges • Motels
Special Events
Parties
3844013
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
108
===== PAGE 111 =====
Center Youth Groups
United Synagogue Youth
Grades 912־
- 2008-2009 -
U.S.Y. Officers
Presidents
Michael Applebaum, Kara Levine
Vice Presidents Programming
Alex Block, Emily Levine
Vice Presidents Social Action/
Tikkun 01am
Sam Leach, Sara Plotkin
Vice President Religious Education
Mitchell Wohl
Vice Presidents Communications
Alyssa DeCrispino,
Shira Rittenberg
Vice Presidents Membership
Stephanie Hecht, Amy Shuman
Vice Presidents Israeli Affairs
Charlie Raitt, Gabe Rosner
Secretary
Rebecca Appel
Members־at־Large
Richie Bailys
Sam Bernard
Brad Goldring
Mandy Gomer
Ralph Landau
Steven Lewis
Laurie Lynch
Gabrielle Magid
Maci Morse
Max Rogozinski
Sam Whitman
Jacob Wolfson
109
===== PAGE 112 =====
נסח, * » *»
i*
¿' Sfianah Jou-a/v
Craipj i/ataik, Ariai, Sarit & Sian Sandiar
LAKEWOOD ANIMAL CLINIC
Craig W Sandler, D.V.M.
4447־733 (904)
6030 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery
At
North Florida Eye Clinic
George W. Sweat
Florida Certified Dispensing Optician
3020 Hartley Road, Suite 190
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Phone (904) 2920004־ Fax: (904) 2920005־
Best Wishes!
0■
Att
All Locations
We Are At Your Service
Barry Goldstein • Linda Goldstein
Scott Goldstein • Eric Hall
SPECIALIZING IN
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
A WINNING TEAM
THAT PRODUCES RESULTS!
Experienced, Knowledgeable, and
A Proven Performance Record
Sales • Leasing • Management
Consulting • Acquisitions
Income & Investment Properties
GOLDSTEIN
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, INC*
Licensed Real Estate Broker
37531־ Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Telephone 367-0009 • Fax (904) 367-0220
I WILL BUY YOUR HOUSE
TODAY
Having A Hard Time Selling?
• Divorce • Need Cash • Moving
Behind in Payments • Facing Foreclosure
Call
Tommy Mattox
Private Investor
730-9074
MANDARIN
• 11524 San Jose Blvd.
Mon-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
1965־262
STfills
Hardwares
& Nurseries
ACE
JACKSONVILLE
• 5645 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
771-6330
“N.E. Florida’s
Largest Garden
Centers”
LAW OFFICES
TERRELL HOGAN ELLIS YEGELWEL, P.A.
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
(904) 632-2424
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
110
===== PAGE 113 =====
Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that more than 45 of our youngsters participated in United Synagogue summer
programs. Scholarships to attend these programs are made possible through the generosity of the Abe Selber Trust Fund,
Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Men’s Club’s Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, Center Israel Scholarship Fund, Center Sisterhood, Center Youth Department, Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program,
Myra Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah Fund, Sylvia Shortstein Scholarship Fund and many anonymous contributors.
CAMP RAMAH-DAROM
Michael Appel, Rebecca Appel, Gabrielle Erin
Cohen, Gabrielle Hope Cohen, Joel Cohen, Hannah
Elder, Hannah Gendzier, Bradley Goldring, Jeffrey
Goldring, Joshua Gordon, Stephanie Hecht, Garrett
Jaffe, Lauren Jaffe, Aaron Kitay, Jonah Kitay,
Shira Kitay, Steven Lewis, Avichai Lubliner, Elior
Lubliner, Itamar Lubliner, Laurie Lynch, Gabrielle
Magid, Jonathan Mirensky, Hannah Mizrahi, Sarah
Neadle, Josh Nevers, Rachel Nevers, Leah Robbins,
Danielle Rogozinski, Avi Rubin, Micah Rubin, Ari
Sandler, Brooke Sapolsky, Marni Sapolsky, Alex
Wolfson, Jacob Wolfson, Jared Wolfson, Samuel
Yarish, Ali Wolfson.
POLAND/ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE
Lillie Anderson, Richie Bailys, Eric Levenson, Kara Levine,
Charlie Raitt, Zach Rogozinski, and Gabe Rosner participated in
the USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage.
USY-ON-WHEELS
USY on Wheels, sponsored by United Synagogue of
Conservative Judaism, gives teenagers an opportunity
to travel around the United States seeing landmarks,
historical sites and national parks. In addition, they
meet Jewish youth in the cities in which they stay.
Noah Pozin and Sam Whitman joined other USYers
from around the country.
Ill
===== PAGE 114 =====
L' Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace,
Healthand Happiness be yours
throughout the New Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
(904) 733*3529
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
(904) 733-8133
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
112
===== PAGE 115 =====
Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 has been a part of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center youth program for 69
years and is the oldest pack in northeast Florida with
a continuous charter. Scouting continues to create
global leaders with strong abilities while enjoying
wholesome outdoor activities with friends and
family.
Boy Scout Troop 14
Boy Scout Troop 14 had yet another great year of scouting adventure and advancement. The troop hiked, fished, white
water rafted during numerous camping trips throughout this year, achieving important merit badges for advancement.
Eagle Scout is the highest rank a Boy Scout can achieve.
Troop 14 had three scouts attain this rank, including Benjamin
Gatewood, son of Vicki and Steve, Jacob Hecht, son of Rose and
Larry and Harrison Safer, son of Ilisa and Steven. Among rigorous
requirements, these scouts earned 21 merit badges and completed
community projects.
This year, the Scouts went all over the United States for their
summer camp experience, including Camp Daniel Boone in North
Carolina and Philmont in Cimarron, New Mexico. Locally, many
attended Camp Echockotee in Orange Park. They all earned merit
badges to achieve higher ranks.
The scouts ventured into many leadership roles within
the troop. Harrison Safer, elected by the other scouts, took the
leadership role as Senior Patrol Leader. He was responsible for
leading and organizing the scouts during our meetings. Under
Harrison’s leadership, Joey Dametz headed the Shark patrol and Zachary Sandler was in charge of the Tiger patrol, both elected
positions. These scout leaders were responsible for troop planning, activities and patrol participation. Harrison, Joey and
Zachary were excellent leadership role models for the Boy Scouts and Troop 14.
Next year, our Troop will celebrate its 90th Anniversary. We look forward to seeing the Center’s scouts at the celebration.
Look in the bulletin for upcoming details about this event.
Troop 14 looks forward to continuing its proud tradition of providing Jewish youth with a Boy Scouting experience. If
you enjoy camping, sports and a variety of outdoor activities, and are between the ages of 11 and 18, we invite you to attend
our meetings!
—Bruce Goldring, Scoutmaster
113
===== PAGE 116 =====
Fine Family Dining
<5=g)
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupdnt Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH -733.1199 FAX 733.1269
□ pen & Days a Week
LUNCH: DINNER
Mon. - Fri Mon. - Sat
11:00-2:30 5:00- 11:00
MORRIS & MORRIS PA, CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
To Your Needs
• ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
• ESTATES AND TRUSTS
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 7374241־
Pay less for the details
that make all the difference.
Everything, Everyday, 20% to 60% off
department store prices.
S lfU/n_(TLa/1L
Roosevelt • Mandarin • University • Beaches • Fleming Island
Baymeadows • Harbour Village • 1^88-Stein Mart • www.steinmart.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
114
===== PAGE 117 =====
Recreation
A Summer filled with Great Adventures
Cqrn
Ki ToV
Haley Blount
Camp Ki Tov Director
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Summer at Camp Ki Tov was an amazing experience
campers will forever remember with a smile! The
eight weeks were filled from beginning to end with
fun activities for all ages. Campers enjoyed exciting
daily camp activities such as sports, swimming, arts
& crafts, and even drama. New friendships were
formed, old ones were rekindled, and a great time
was had by all!
Each week campers participated in activities
revolving around different themes. A few of the
favorites were “Hooray for Hollywood”, “Weird Science” and “Around the World”.
Campers had a blast dressing up their counselors, competing in Color Wars, and splashing
each other at FlagPOOL. Both campers and counselors enjoyed the songs and
costumes during the Camp Zimriah and the laughter could not be contained at
our carnival.
Field trips included a day at World Golf
Village, Diamond D Ranch, Marineland,
St. Augustine Alligator Farm, The
Jacksonville Zoo, MOSH, and more!
Electives, such as cooking, computers,
and guitar were a huge hit. Middle school
campers enjoyed creating their own video
games during Computer Camp. lst-5th
grade campers learned lots during Fego Camp and our youngest campers
created fabulous dishes during Cooking Camp!
Of course, summer camp would not be complete without sleepovers and undernights. Our Chaverim (lst-8th grade)
campers become night prowlers when they spent the night
at the Jacksonville Zoo and our Rishonim (1-5 year olds)
campers turned
into movie stars
Rest up and
get ready for
at our Talent
Show.
Thank you to
a wonderful,
enthusiastic
staff for a
fabulous
summer!
another exciting and fun-filled summer at Camp Ki Tov 2009!
—Haley Blount, Camp Director
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you want.
The main number for the JJC switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits
are busy, a recorded message will offer step-by-step instructions to the
extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department or
person, simply dial: 268-4200 and follow the recorded instructions. If your
party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity to leave a voice message or
to the switchboard.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL EXTENSIONS: Dial 268-4200, then ...
110
Season Vickers, Receptionist
142
Margo’s Catering
111
Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Manager
143
Preschool Office
Donna Slavin, Administrative Asst/
112
Executive Director
Kids Club Coordinator
151
Kim Winters - Bookkeeping Dept.
144
Shereen Canady,
117
Leslie Manucy, Bookkeeping Dept.
Early Childhood Director
114
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
145
Religious School & Youth Department
146
Lois Tompkins,
115
Cassie Vichozsky,
Religious School Director
Rabbi Lubliner,s Secretary
116
Jesse Roman,
148
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring, Administrative
Galinsky Program’s Secretary
Assistant
113
Lori Schoettler, Administrator
150
Richard Ford, Maintenance Supervisor
118
Carole Goldberg, Principal
133
Christina Levine,
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Membership Director
120
Day School Computer Lab
152
Sisterhood Judaica Shop
121
Day Care
149
Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
122
Haley Blount, Camp Ki Tov
153
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
127
Library ־ Louise Leonard, Librarian
224
Scott Zimmerman, Ritual Director
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Coordinator
134
Rabbi David Weiner
116
===== PAGE 119 =====
Supporters of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 Fax: (904) 268-5292
This directory is for informational purposes.
It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of July 1,2008
—B—
Bachner, Harold & Ruth-Ann
2677 Scott Mill Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-0606 His Bus: 904-730-9534
Bailys, David & Gayle
10767 Waverley Bluff Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-6102 His Bus: 904-737-8500
Bailys, Fred & Allison
11822 Coastal Lane W.
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-262-6251 His Bus: 904-737-8500
Baker, Audrey
6730 Epping Forest Way N. Villa 106
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-733-7540
Andrew, Allan & Rebecca
3933 San Bernado
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-636-9704 His Bus: 912-674-4317
Andriesse, Frieda
7919 Manata Street
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-2526
Ansbacher, Jordan & Shirley
2359 Segovia Ave.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-2737 His Bus: 904-733-1202
Ansbacher, Lawrence
2829 Forest Mill Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-448-9657 His Bus: 904-296-0100
Ansbacher, Sybil
2008 Strand St.
—A—
Abramson, Mark & Roz
3604 River Hall Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-3604 His Bus: 904-346-3333
Abramson, Michael & Linda
11664 Hamrick Place
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-7661 His Bus: 904-288-8821
Ackerman, Marc & Vanessa
11196 Turnbridge Drive
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-645-6231 His Bus: 904-256-7666
Ackerman, Robert & Margaret
5464 Sanders Road
Jacksonville FL 32277
904-744-2762
Baker, Eleanor
12873 Huntley Manor Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-223-7783 Her Bus: 904-388-1421
Baker, Scott & Maureen
6770 Madrid Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-2160 His Bus: 904-733-4444
Balotin, Allen & Isabel
3362 Chrysler Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-3362
Balotin, Scott & Ellen
3691 Cathedral Oaks Place S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-739-3504 His Bus: 904-730-7442
Barber, Harold
4961 Southwark Dr. N.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-0067
Barber, Lena
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-733-0067
Bardenshteyn, Sonya
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace #1611
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-733-0614
Neptune Beach, FL 32266
904-241-0789 His Bus: 904-296-0100
Appel, Larry & Caren
8820 Holborn Court
Jacksonville FL 32217
731-9046 His Bus: 904-783-5427
Appelbaum, Stuart & Karen
4/32 Reservoir Lane S.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-0146 His Bus: 904-232-2238
Ackerman, Scot & Alexandra
4072 Alhambra Drive W.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-399-3636 His Bus: 904-308-3848
Her Bus: 904-398-5788
Adler, Philip & Karen
2758 Estates Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-9624 His Bus: 904-737-9624
Arinsberg, Joann
3801 Crown Point Rd#1224 ״
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-9684 His Bus: 904-306-9729
Agidius, Jason & Sarah
10010 Belle Rive Blvd. #1101
Jacksonville FL 32256
352-861-6938 Her Bus: 904-928-1000
Arnold, Hank & Hollie
4358 Carriage Crossing Drive
Jacksonville TL 32258
904-262-6323 His Bus: 904-683-3242
Her Bus: 904-730-2100
Arnold, William & Barbara
2333 Acadie Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32217
904-828-0301
Aronowitz, Scott & Amy
1884 Rear Admiral Lane
St. ohns FL 32259
904-460-2950
Albert, Steve & Brenda
4526 Meadow Run Place
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-443-7796
Allerding, Scott & Robin
2654 Spreading Oaks Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-3461
Anchel, David & Phyllis
3678 Lumberjack Circle South
Jacksonville, FL 32223
904-260-0725 His Bus: 904-880-8633
Her Bus: 904-880-8633
Axelrod, Ava
2950 Starshire Cove
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-8935
Anderson, John & Joette
2859 Scott Mill Estates Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-1462 His Bus: 904-620-3988
Her Bus: 904-549-7218
117
===== PAGE 120 =====
Stay in one of our spacious two-room
suites, each with a private living
room and separate bedroom. Kick off
your shoes and relax, because this is
your home away from home.
Enjoy a COMPLIMENTARY, full
cooked־to־order breakfast and
COMPLIMENTARY Manager’s
reception in our breathtaking atrium.
Come see why
Embassy Suites Hotel is
Jacksonville’s premier hotel!
Call for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Weddings,
Rehearsal Dinners, Birthdays,
Anniversaries, Corporate Events,
or just count on us to handle your
special night out!
Experience an exceptional dining
adventure in our
“Omaha Steakhouse.”
Take advantage of our indoor pool,
whirlpool and fitness center.
We provide local transportation for
a small fee for our guests to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
EMBASSY SUITES
HOTEL®
9300 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone: (904) 7313555־
Fax: (904) 448-6933
www.embassysuites.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
118
===== PAGE 121 =====
Blumenthal, Sue Ann & Bernie
12059 Oldfield Point Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-4142
Bernhardt, Michael & Billie
2737 Forest Mill Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-730-3113
Baumgarten, Harold & Rita
1301 South 1st St. #1205
Jacksonville Bch., FL 32250
904-249-8157
Boatwright, Cy & Jeanette
83 South Roscoe Blvd.
Palm Valley FL 32082
904-285-6239
Bomser, David & llene
10104 Deercreek Club Rd. E
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-1252
Bossen, Robert & Naomie
8215 Sutton Place N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-739-0151 His Bus: 904-733-0881
Brauner, Nore
9252 San Jose Blvd. #1003
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-1896
Brenenson, Scott & Estelle
14567 Berringer Lane
Jacksonville Ft 32258
904-880-9841 Her Bus: 904-798-9500
Briker, Lyubov
5846 Mt. Carmel Terr. #1507
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-733-5692 Her Bus: 904-798-9500
Bernstein, Anne
66 28th Avenue S
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
Bernstein, Leon & Annette
7826 Las Canas Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-733-8699
Bernsteyn, Mikhail & Sofiya
5846 Mt. Carmel Terr. #1412
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-733-9605
Bettman, Gerald & Robin
2337 La Mesa Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3418 His Bus: 904-737-9797
Bettman, Jack & Trida
2248 Cheryl Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-3764 His Bus: 904-296-1555
Bielski, Abe & Shirley
6708 La Loma Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-7430 His Bus: 904-739-1894
Her Bus: 904-228-0500
Becker, Matthew & Glenn
11135 Scott Mill Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-0140 His Bus: 904-272-8938
Beckerman, Stuart & Estelle
341 Quail Pointe Dr.
Ponte Vedra Beach FL 32082
904-285-1864
Beissinger, Walter & Mary
8204 Hampton Lake Lane
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-3737
Bell, Richard & Norma
103 Lyndhurst Drive
Longwood FL 32779-4572
407-8629160־ His Bus: 386-943-5548
Beniamin, Anne
P.O. Box 56971
Jacksonville FL 32241
904-443-7263
Benrubi, Guy & Patricia
7950 Green Glade Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-642-3288 His Bus: 904-244-3109
Broadman, Stephen & Ruchel
3714 Cathedral Cove Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-7070
Brodsky, Colman & Rachel
928 Brook Haven Drive
St. Augustine FL 32092
904-371-7796
Brodsky, Ernie & Harriett
4268 Via Valencia Circle
Jacksonville FL 32217
448-2554
Bromberg, Becky
6755 Madrid Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-8418
Brooks, Pearl
9733 Arbor Oaks Lane #103
Boca Raton, FL 33428
516-470-9772
Browdy, Beatrice
8025 Baymeadows Cr. E. #1606
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-733-4530
Browdy, Richard & Sharon
1909 tpping Forest Way S.
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-733-0360 His Bus: 904-739-5195
Bielski, David & Carrie
5350 Winrose Falls Drive
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-292-0990 His Bus: 904-739-1894
Her Bus: 904-343-4456
Blankstein, Daniel & Robin
2831 Evercharm Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-9942 His Bus: 904-391-9982
Blattner, Sheldon & Irma
6156 Mercer Circle E.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-8162 His Bus: 904-398-0045
Bloch, Mitchell & Agnes
4252 Leaping Deer Lane
Jacksonville R. 32259
904-230-0597 His Bus: 904-880-7302
Bloom, Philip & Linda
11572 Mandarin Forest Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-4667 His Bus: 904-880-3667
Blum, Fred & Cheryl
12930 Sandy Branch Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-2766
Blumenfeld, Leslie & Catharine
1163 Linwood Loop
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-2469
Benwick, Brian & Judie
11628 Lois Cross [)rive
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-886-9951 His Bus: 904-398-5656
Berdit, Marsha
7715 Las Palmas Way
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-737-7133
Berger, Bradley Ross & Ruthie
2990 Heritage Trail
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-7995 His Bus: 904-308-8435
Bergman, Daniel & Lisa
14428 Lake Jessup Drive
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-880-2001
Berman, Florance
11501 St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-262-0437
Bernard, Edward
4811 Philrose Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3716
Bernard, Lawrence & Carla
9673 Trendle Lane S.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-2694 His Bus: 904-751-6980
Her Bus: 904-292-1000
119
===== PAGE 122 =====
YOUR LIFE, ¿4^3Ímx£6cC.
They say friendship is the spice of life. We couldn’t agree more. At Augustine
Landing, we offer our residents plenty of spice - with I 14 neighbors and friends.
And if your friends include those with fur (that bark or purr), not to worry... we
like pets, too. Sound good? It is. Won’t you join us?
Augustine Landing
Independent Retirement Living
904-880-1 I 16
10141 Old St. Augustine Rd., Jacksonville, FL 32257
www.augustinelanding.com
) 2008 HOLIDAY RETIREMENT 2200
VISIT US TODAY FOR YOUR COMPLIMENTARY MEAL AND TOUR
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
120
===== PAGE 123 =====
Copans, Pollie
5846 Mount Carmel Terr. #1603
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-731-5980
Coplan, Alvin & Meade
P.0. Box 5461
Jacksonville FL 32247
904-241-7268 His Bus: 904-733-6996
Cornelius, Loretta
1120 Seabreeze Avenue
Jacksonville Bch., FL 32250
904-241-8126
Cox, Martin & Dereen
1100 Via Royale Unit 1107
Jupiter FL 33458
561-401-4015 His Bus: 904-655-3508
Cross, Kevin & Staci
1779 Chatham Vis. Drive
Orange Park FL 32003
904-375-0293 His Bus: 904-296-4551
Cushnir, Carl & Vivian
13819 Carters Grove Ln.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-1029
Cywes, Robert & Irene
9070 Bay Cove Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-2753
—D—
Dacks, Barry & Linda
9422 Silhouette Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-636-8791 His Bus: 904-448-0337
Her Bus: 904-573-1031
Datz, Albert & Barbara
7969 Green Glade Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-641-2587 His Bus: 904-355-5467
Datz, Lawrence & Risa
11724 Crusselle Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-2202 Her Bus: 904-396-3502
Davis, Jeff & Lesley
8592 Crooked Tree Drive
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-3931 His Bus: 904-356-0111
Davis, Leo & Joanne
6963 Madrid Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-1454 His Bus: 904-731-5000
Her Bus: 904-733-9292
Davis, Richard & Nancy
8716 Briarwood Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-3541 His Bus: 904-733-2441
Chapman, Doug & Deborah
721 E. Dorchester Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-0884 His Bus: 904-244-2092
Charpiat, Brian & Deborah
11320 Renne Drive
Jacksonville FL 32218
904-714-9582
Cherry, Ronald & Merle
6740 Epping Forest Way N. #104
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-733-2755
Cherry, Susan
1405 River Oaks Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-5999 His Bus: 904-396-7038
dayman, Loren & Elana
4152 Alhambra Dr.W.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-399-3456 His Bus: 904-388-6110
Clevette, Cheril
11587 West Ride Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-288-9750
Cohen, David & Sonya
2711 Old River Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-5685 His Bus: 904-633-8010
Cohen, Joel & Sharon
11698 Sparkleberry Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-5402
Cohen, Joseph & Anna
11605 raiding Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-3564 His Bus: 904-281-2500
Her Bus: 904-953-2021
Cohen, Norman & Susan
11824 Mountain Ash Rd. E.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-1218 His Bus: 904-269-8412
Her Bus: 904-354-5645
Cohen, Raymond & Dorothy
9223 Augusta Court
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-733-6979 His Bus: 904-737-8645
Cohn, Jerrold & Mary
2443 ose Circle S.
Jacksonville 32217
904-730-8835
Cohn, Marvin & Ruth
1307 Wood Hill Place
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-645-3723
Cooper, Daniel & Yaffa
205 Clover Court
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-8354
Brown, Alison
10 Tenth St. #64
Atlantic Beach, FL 32233
Brown, Elayne
119 Willow Pond Ln.
Ponte Vedra, FL 32082
904-285-4441
Brown, Gertrude
11501 Old St. Augustine Rd #522
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-880-2110
Brunfon, Yefim & Polina
3267 Total Oaks Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-886-0650
Bryant, David & Suzan
8853 Atter Lane
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-928-3744 His Bus: 904-355-4569
Bubis, Jeffrey & Gabrielle
4085 Lonicera Loop
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-2978 His Bus: 904-272-3139
Buff, Jonathan & Lynn
1405 Ivy Hollow Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-9417 His Bus: 904-626-8045
Bursteen, Annette
24729 Calle Serranona
Calabasas CA 91302
818-225-2232
—C—
Cagan, Leonard & Laura
12142 Deeder
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-260-9890
Campbell, David & Marla
8132 Woodpecker Trail
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-739-3136
Canady, Christopher & Shereen
11752 Wordsworth Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-5833 His Bus: 904-464-4232
Her Bus: 904-268-4200
Cantor, Robert & Barbara
9551 Kuhn Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-6157
Cassel, Rosalie
11237 Shady Glen Drive
Jacksonville TL 32257
904-292-2442
Chafetz, Martin & Shireen
1651 Magnolia Estates Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-886-2618
121
===== PAGE 124 =====
ימינו כקדם
i¡ÉÍk
Bloch r uuiioi
Since 1854
5875 Mining Tei
Suite 104
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: 866-532-3977
Fax: 904-880-7307
E-mail: Blochpublishina@bellsouth•
Shop-On-Line at: http://Blochpub.coi
Judaic Publishers and Booksellers
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
122
===== PAGE 125 =====
Ernas, Mark & Holly
7816 Rittenhouse Lane
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-0309 His Bus: 904-246-0888
Epstein, David
2/50 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-730-2750 His Bus: 904-260-3007
Exline, Beth
1724 Geraldine Drive
Jacksonville FL 32205
904-389-8723 His Bus: 904-791-4200
—F—
Factor, Michael & Amber
533 Summit Drive
Orange Park FL 32073
904-647-5279
Fagan, Ruth
11501 Old St. Augustine Rd. #510
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-880-7963
Feig, Yakov & Denise
3847 Reed Pond Dr. N
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-288-6171
Feigelson, Robert & Elayne
1759 Rising Oaks Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-288-5487
Felder, Lanny & Dorrie
11358 Tácito Creek Dr. S.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-8645 His Bus: 904-791-6756
Feldman, Rick & Nancy
2686 Spreading Oaks Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-1119
Feldstein, Charles & Marilyn
1547 Silver Oak Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-9470
Ferman, Leonard & Heather
2789 Kelsey Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-730-7470 His Bus: 904-987-0725
Her Bus: 904-262-6356
Fetner, Alan & Mary
3707 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-2449
Fetner, Howard & Dina
9968 Ridgefield Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-886-1986 His Bus: 904-778-1455
Her Bus: 904-636-0000
DuBow, Michael & Helen
7016 Gaines Court
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-4281 His Bus: 904-470-6014
DuBow, Susan
2805 Beauclerc Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-1216
Dushoff, Ira & Judy
4059 San Bernado Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-0332 His Bus: 904-260-3400
Dvoskin, Isadore
1207 Journeys End Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
—E—
Eaglstein, Fred & Susan
2628 Tácito Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-4749 His Bus: 904-276-4500
Echt, Bernhard & Elfrieda
5347 Swaying Oaks Court
Jacksonville 32258 .״
904-262-9383
Edelman, Don & Bobbie
4375 Windergate Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-0154
Edelstein, Alan
1542 Arcadia Dr. #605
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-737-4029
Edelstein, Lester & Linda
2548 N. 38th Avenue
Hollywood, FL 33021
954-963-2117
Edwards, Martin & Betty
9034 Baycove Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-6390 His Bus: 904-355-2600
Ehrlich, Harriette
1827 Willow Branch Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32205
904-384-4233
Einstein, Gloria
2937 Braemar Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-9071 Her Bus: 904-264-2713
Elder, Vickie
12700 Bartram Park
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-260-3718
Eller, George
8025 Baymeadows Circle East, # 1606
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-739-6922
Davis, Stephen & Judy
4009 Villa San lose Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-2973 His Bus: 904-448-8500
DeCrispino, Scott & Robin
1165 Dover Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-8956 His Bus: 904-737-7001
Demri, Mot¡ & Cindy
3443 Chrysler Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-3408 Her Bus: 904-396-2731
Diamond, Alese
847 Alhambra Dr. N.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-7113 Her Bus: 904-396-2731
Diamond, Helen
977 Waterman Rd. N.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-4482 Her Bus: 904-396-2731
Disher, Cynthia
10643 Ballestero Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-9208 Her Bus: 904-292-0555
Her Bus: 904-396-2731
Dittman, Jack & Anita
2000 Sweetbriar Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-9036 His Bus: 904-292-0555
Donziger, Michael & Karin
8638 Phillips Highway, Ste 3
Jacksonville FL 33256
904-645-5794 His Bus: 904-367-8620
Dorman, David & Jams
10348 Elderberry Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-3834
Dragon, Ze’ev & Meredith
4863 Wethersfield Place East
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-4094 His Bus: 904-448-5000
Drashin, Robert
5570 Florida Mining Blvd. 5
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-292-1852
Dreher, Jack & Debby
3944 Cordova Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-399-3373 His Bus: 904-646-2023
Driben, Sand¡
1560 Mandarin Point Lane South
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-6143 Her Bus: 904-827-2700
DuBow, Lawrence & Linda
6730 Epping Forest Way N. #110
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-733-6107 His Bus: 904-470-6013
123
===== PAGE 126 =====
www.claudenolan.com
CELEBRATING 103 YEARS I 1905-2008
ESCALADE
J
08 MOTOR TRENO
CAR OF THE YEAR
LUXURY NOW AVAILABLE IN ALL SHAPES AND SIZES.
1%
4700 SOUTHSIDE BLVD
ACROSS FROM TINSELTOWN
904.224.4178
www.claudenolan.com
y- *X SINCE 1905
# fsarg? ן
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
124
===== PAGE 127 =====
Frisch, Missy
357 Checkerberry Way
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-217-0586
Furman, Liza
11374 Campfield Circle
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-538-0881 Her Bus: 904-268-4200
Furman, Paul & Gail
10754 -13 Scott Mill Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-1223 Her Bus: 904-636-2234
—G—
Gaffney, David & Inge
455 FDR Drive
New York NY 10002
212-929-6954
Garber, Harold & Marilyn
9662 Beauclerc Bluff Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-4456
Gare, Henry & Karen
11131 River Creek Dr. E.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-886-0548 His Bus: 904-398-1992
Her Bus: 904-519-1532
Garfinkel, Barry & Dana
3428 Dockside Drive S.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-379-9274
Garfinkel, Sidney & Anita
8688 Villa San lose Drive E.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-7462
Garten, Leonard
931 S. Waterman Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-6016
Gartner, Elizabeth
2589 Scott Mill Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-2555
Gatewood, Vicki
2931 Olga Place
Jacksonville FL 32205
904-387-3575 His Bus: 904-636-1576
Gelman, Bonnie
10349 Big Tree Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-6289
Gelman, Estelle
3620 Cattail Drive S
Jacksonville FL 32223-3289
Franzblau, Nathan & Linda
1853 Colwood Court
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-448-8565
Freedman, Barney
1951 Ocean Drive S. #4A
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-246-3645
Freedman, Ellen
3604 Darnall Place
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-1971
Freedman, Marilyn
1951 Ocean Drive South #4B
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-246-0562
Freedman, Norman & Carol
1951 Ocean Dr. S. #4A
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-246-3645
Freiden, Saul
335 19th St.
Atlantic Beach, FL 32233
Freidlin, Melvin
7800 Las Canas Court
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-731-4920
Friedman, Douglas & Nancy
1806 Plantation Oaks Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-8570 His Bus: 904-262-9570
Her Bus: 904-742-8570
Friedman, Lee & Amy
10133 E. Vineyard Lake Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-464-0604
Friedman, Merrie
8968 Blaine Meadows Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-1716
Friedman, Michael & Mareda
11562 Lois Cross Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-268-5073 His Bus: 904-743-2250
Frisch, Beniamin & Patricia
2328 Cheryl Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-9290 904-354-5661
Frisch, Harry & Lilo
9252 San Jose Blvd. #4401
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-0482 His Bus: 904-354-5661
Frisch, Karl
2001 Orange Picker Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-4213 His Bus: 904-354-5661
Fialkow, Alan & Deborah
7041 Cypress Bridge Drive
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
904-285-8523 His Bus: 904-396-0204
Fialkow, Etta
3053 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-3318
Finck, Sanford & Stella
2652 Riverport Dr. S.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-0914 His Bus: 904-953-2000
Finelt, Alex
3580 Pall Mall Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-465-0026
Finker, Lazar & Raissa
9934 Chelsea Lake Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-8885 His Bus: 904-996-8800
Fishman, Scott & Mario
3314 Horseshoe Trail
Orange Park FL 32065
904-217-0324
Fixel, Michael & Ava
540 Fruit Cove Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-8117 His Bus: 904-349-6401
Her Bus: 904-287-6767
Fleet, Michael & Beth
10820 Blue Pacific Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-1237
Fleet, Robert & Jams
11557 Hidden Harbor Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-2746 His Bus: 904-730-8103
Her Bus: 904-730-8103
Fleisher, Mark & Rhonda
11836 Crusselle Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-370-1200
Fletcher, Gary & Sandra
8959 Woburn Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-3429 His Bus: 904-354-3911
Fletcher, Julius & Charlotte
4041 Barcelona Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-7873
Fonda, Arlene
8532 Glenbury Court N.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-249-4772 His Bus: 904-247-7097
Fraden, Abraham & Ruth
6906 La Mesa Drive W.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6784
125
===== PAGE 128 =====
S's Most Memorable
f Celebrations
are Encore Events
Full Service Event Planning:
• Weddings
• Bar Mitzvah
• Bat Mitzvah
• Corporate Themed Events
• Holiday Events
• Casino Nights
• Fundraisers
• Entertainment for Any Occasion
• Motivational Speakers
www.encoreevents.com • lsmith@encoreevents.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
126
===== PAGE 129 =====
Goldstein, Jeffrey & Doris
2656 Beauclerc Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-8431
Goldstein, Ken & Deborah
12872 River Place Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-6429 His Bus: 904-272-3139
Goldstein, Maurice & Hilda
3843 Midpoint Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-1090
Goodfarb, Jerry & Annette
9141 Glendower Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-7107 His Bus: 904-354-4143
Goodman, Daniel
4816 Evenlode Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6596
Goodman, David & Jean
2349 Smullian Trail
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1565
Goodman, Jonathan & Amy
9117 Kings Colony Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-1447 His Bus: 904-389-1346
Goodman, Rosalind
1872 EppingWay 5.
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-731-8500 Her Bus: 904-731-3401
Gordon, Alan & Renee
2210 Smullian Trail S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-2147 His Bus: 904-332-8296
Gordon, Herbert
5846 Mt. Carmel Terr. #1213
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-448-2514
Gordon, Neil & Minda
1401 Archer Court
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-6092 His Bus: 904-386-6431
Gosa, Dale & Lois
4146 Habana Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-0367
Gottlieb, Aaron & Erica
10830 Scott Mill Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-3050 His Bus: 904-260-6950
Gottlieb, Use
11501 Old St. Augustine Rd. #501
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-880-0310
Goldfield, David & Ann
4329 Irvington Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32210
904-388-7534
Goldfield, Ira & Marilynn
2803 Scott Mill Estates Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-5227 His Bus: 904-354-3726
Her Bus: 904-272-6430
Goldiner, Yakov & Svetlana
10770 Losco Junction Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-7285
Golding, Barry
4915 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-322-1267 His Bus: 904-245-7555
Goldman, Eric & Jennifer
6231 Cherry Lake Dr., N.
Jacksonville, FL 32258
Goldman, Helen
4328 E. Barquero Court
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-448-6246
Goldman, Joel & Cathy
9448 Beauclerc Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-6429
Goldman, Nathan & Diane
1275 Creighton Bluff Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223-1718
904-292-2310 His Bus: 904-360-6979
Goldman, Sol & Hilda
6000 San Jose Blvd. #11C
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1556 His Bus: 904-731-3711
Goldman, Stephen & Jacqueline
3482 Beauclerc Cove Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-1444 His Bus: 904-791-7419
Goldring, Bruce & Stacey
2958 Front Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-739-2970
Goldstein, Arthur & Rhoda
11710 Tierra Verde Lane
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-268-8124 His Bus: 904-399-5567
Goldstein, Beverly
4280 Redtail Hawk Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-9633
Goldstein, Frederic & Laura
7003 Catalonia Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-3883 His Bus: 904-281-0006
Gendzier, Gary & Susan
2943 Bernice Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-5930
Gendzier, Irwin & Alois
3638 San Viscaya Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6529
Gendzier, Sheldon & Estelle
4253 Via Valencia Circle
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-636-6636
Ghelerter, Bernice
4027 San Remo Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3148
Gillman, Marvin & Maxene
1331 North First Street
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
904-241-5848 His Bus: 904-766-9608
Ginsberg, Linda
1654 Beach Avenue
Atlantic Beach FL 32233
904-246-4061
Ginsburg, Ted & Linda
9116 Sugarland Drive
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-519-7716 His Bus: 904-807-9706
Giter, Sergie & Mila
3656 Torre Grande
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-9476
Glassman, Bruce & Janice
11442 Saxon Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-8808 Her Bus: 904-739-9747
Glauberg, Stephen & Ethel
1429 Creeks Edge Ct.
Orange Park, FL 32073
904-215-1965 His Bus: 904-727-7574
Her Bus: 904-262-4922
Goldberg, Adam & Eve
3156 Green Arbor Place
Jacksonville FL 32277
904-683-7570
Goldberg, Carole
10539 Chippendale Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-7240
Goldberg, Lawrence & Phyllis
3000 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-4561 His Bus: 904-398-7205
Goldberg, Rose
4328 Peachtree Circle E.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-737-8895
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
My chance to treat all my guests like family.
My Homewood.
While you're planning for that special day, do something memorable for those who'll
be joining you. Have them stay in a relaxing suite with a fully equipped kitchen and
enjoy a complimentary Suite Start® hot breakfast buffet daily at the Homewood
Suites by Hilton® St. Johns Town Center. Visit homewoodsuites.com or call
1 -800-CALL-HOME®. MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME.™
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
Hilton —
(904) 641-7988
wwwjacksonvillesouth.
homewoodsuites.com
Jacksonville/South
St. Johns Town Center
10434 Midtown Parkway
Jacksonville, FL 32246
*Some hotels have studio suites, *Monday through Thursday, subject to state and local laws. ©2006 Hilton Hospitality, Inc,
Hilton HHonors
TheHiltonFamily
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
128
===== PAGE 131 =====
Hecht, Madeline
2727 Kelsey Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-1500 His Bus: 904-731-3401
Hecht, Sylvia
953 Point La Vista Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-5360
Held, Leslie
2214 Latida Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-1221
Helming, Harlan & Donna
2988 Bernice Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-5436 His Bus: 904-733-1202
Heneson, Bernard & Evelyn
2960 Starshire Cove
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-1349
Herbst, Bradley & Sharon
656 Hummingbirg Court
Jacksonville Ft 32259
904-230-9038 His Bus: 904-879-2552
Herman, Stuart & Risa
2871 Evercharm Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-9980 His Bus: 904-739-9916
Herring, Michael & Sherry
1787 River Plantation Dr. N.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-288-0113 His Bus: 904-357-4821
Hethington, Donna P.
3465 Phillips Hwy. #606
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-399-5035
Heyman, Bobbie
6841 Madrid Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-0829 Her Bus: 904-202-4431
Heyman, Helen
3830 Fernglen Road
Jacksonville FL 32277
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-737-7771
Hirsch, Joseph
3580 Pall Mall Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-374-4963
Hoffenberg, Bennie
6000 San Jose Blvd. #4F
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-9950
Gross, Marvin & Phyllis
8891 Hampton Landing Drive E
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-519-6595 His Bus: 904-519-2804
Her Bus: 904-519-2804
Gross, Steven & Sara
2953 Mandarin Hollow Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-5379 His Bus: 904-378-9090
Grosse, Marc & Lisa
825 Watercress Court
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-7962 His Bus: 904-229-0568
Grossman, Beatrice
945 Waterman Road N.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-3311
Guth, Amy
205 Afton Lane
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-217-0657
—H—
Hackel, Kathryn
11501 Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville FL 31258
904-288-7055
Halpern, Julia
11501 Old St. Augustine Rd. #18
Jacksonvi le FL 32258
904-292-1367
Hamilton, Karen
1201 E. 14th Street
Jacksonville FL 32206
904-477-1945 Her Bus: 904-529-3000
Handmaker, Robert & Cynthia
3856 Biggin Church Road W.
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-821-8110 Her Bus: 904-987-9063
», Ray
LaVista Circle #218
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-367-0111 Her Bus: 904-987-9063
Harris, Alan & Debby
9446 Silhouette Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-8632 His Bus: 904-739-3688
Harris, Morton & Margie
5051 Brighton Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-4315
Harrison, Alan & Pearl
13783 Hunt Club Road
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-223-3893 Her Bus: 904-992-2538
Hecht, Larry & Rose
1345 River Place Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-8800 His Bus: 904-731-3401
Gottlieb, Melvin & Deborah
3028 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-3401
Gottlieb, Shari
3667 Windmoor Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-7323 Her Bus: 904-630-3690
Graff-Radford, Neill & Michelle
8560 Hollyridge Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-645-6895 His Bus: 904-223-2000
Grann, Ira & Jane
9913 Moorings Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-2234 His Bus: 904-655-5507
Grann, May
9913 Moorings Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-2234
Gray, Allen & Diane
2905 Old River Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-1471 His Bus: 904-630-1479
Greenberg, Gloria
4263 Losco Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-886-9163
Greenburg, Aron
18 South Kingshighway
St. Louis MO 63108
314-972-4002
Greenburg, Michael & Chary
3701 River Hall Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6060 His Bus: 904-733-3110
Greenfield, Judy
6829 Madrid Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-2288
Greenhut, Steven & Miriam
3711 Cathedral Cove Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-739-0887 His Bus: 904-354-1100
Greenspoon, Gerald & Judith
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace #1109
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-733-1011
Gridley, Garth & Lynda
2000 Sail View Road
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-880-7273 Her Bus: 904-296-5811
Gross, Eunice
11501 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-733-2596 Her Bus: 904-519-2804
129
===== PAGE 132 =====
Best Wishes
for a Healthy, Happy
and Prosperous New Year
Linda Diamond Weinstein
Commercial Lines Account Executive
Jacksonville’s Protector
3342 Kori Road, Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: (904) 268-7310 • Fax: (904) 268-2801
www.jpperry.com
COMMERCIAL LINES • PERSONAL LINES
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS • FINANCIAL SERVICES
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
130
===== PAGE 133 =====
Kaplan, Vivian
10142 Arrowhead Drive, #1
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-7753
Karstaedt, Nolan & Marcelle
3039 Front Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-730-8825 His Bus: 904-953-2860
Katz, Alan & Deborah
408 Tortoise Trace
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-0960
Katz, Charles
10020 Leisure Lane N.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-998-7919 His Bus: 904-928-7586
Katz, Ira765l Gate Parkway
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-645-0505
Katz, Libby
13715 Richmond Park Drive, North #203
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-223-4771
Katz, Ron & Brenda
1867 5. Ocean Drive
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-247-4429
Katzin, Heidi
2868 Evercharm Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-8890
Kaufman, Faye
5378 Coppedge Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32277
904-744-1442 Her Bus: 904-389-5719
Kaye, Donald & Deborah
11683 Sedgemoore Drive N.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-1494 Her Bus: 904-620-2881
Kentof, Dov & Alina
3728 Dogwood Hill Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-1332 His Bus: 904-292-1000
Kersun, Michael & Miriam
2757 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-3024 His Bus: 904-765-4453
Kersun, Samuel
640 W. 41st St.
Jacksonville FL 32206
Kesler, Sharon
4051 Alcazar Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-6680
Kessler, Mark & Laurette
2759 Via Baya Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-3058 His Bus: 904-350-0060
Her Bus: 904-665-6389
131
Jacobson, Leo & Sheila
561 Founders Way
Ponte Vedra Beacn, FL 32082
904-285-9656 His Bus: 904-296-0023
Jacobson, Sam
2358 Riverside Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32204
904-296-0023
affa, Daniel & Karianne
301 Stelling Court
acksonville FL 32259
904-287-2058 His Bus: 904-596-8316
Jaffe, Clara
6751 La Loma Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3703
Jaffe, Daren & Jamie
6369 Autumn Berry Circle
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-240-1446
Jaffe, Lawrence & Barbara
6750 N.Epping Forest Way N. #107
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6096 His Bus: 904-296-2630
Her Bus: 904-313-6825
Jernigan, Jerry & Shirley
254C Randy Road
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-724-9421
Jonas, Elyse
12559 Lake Gardens Drive
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-292-0509
—K—
Kagan, Norman & Rhoda
2327 Miller Oaks Road N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-9315
Kagan, Shirley
1000 Abernathy Lane
Apopka FL 32703
Kanner, Nathan & Terry
2822 Ridgefield Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
Kanner, Robert & Rosely
W.I33I Heron Point Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-5020 Her Bus: 904-358-1206
Kantor, Stanley & Sharon
3845 LaVista Circle
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-732-9549 His Bus: 904-388-1217
Kaplan, Sheldon & Harriett
2949 Bernice Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-2594 His Bus: 904-396-2666
Holtz, Allison
4180 Timberlake Dr. N.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-0934
Holzer, Cantor Jesse & Leora
3817 Millpoint Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32257
904-260-9877
His Bus: 904-268-4200
Honigman, Joseph & Wendy
2968 Starsnire Cove
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-3589
Horovitz, Bruce & Edith
2977 Bernice Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-1087
Horovitz, Elliott & Roslyn
856 Old Grove Manor
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-0702
Howard, Michael & Marcia
2942 Starshire Cove
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-3995 His Bus: 904-886-9980
Her Bus: 904-791-2711
Hunter, Lewis & Barbara
4402 Barrington Oaks Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-4329 His Bus: 904-731-9222
Her Bus: 904-905-4752
Hurwitz, Arthur
109 Sea Island Lake Ct.
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
904-285-9260 His Bus: 904-358-1248
Her Bus: 904-905-4752
Isert, Francine
1731 Margaret’s Walk Road
Green Cove Springs, FL 32043
904-298-2364 His Bus: 904-308-8814
Her Bus: 904-905-4752
Isolica, Helene
341 Maplewood Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-0860 Her Bus: 904-824-7275
Her Bus: 904-905-4752
Israel, Jonathan & Kimberly
2332 Smullian Trail South
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-7225 His Bus: 904-396-5557
Her Bus: 904-356-1306
-J—
Jaben, Lawrence & Helen
4276 Morena Lane
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-1921
Jackler, Ira & Eva
6750 Epping Forest Way N.#I02
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-730-9287
===== PAGE 134 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, ■«.
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 3882696־
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CFC09184
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS
TELEPHONE: (501) 220-6977
GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
DAYTONA, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (386) 546-6039
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
132
===== PAGE 135 =====
Lafer, Dennis & Ginny
13124 Mandarin Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-5408 His Bus: 904-880-5409
Landwirth, Henri
229 Royal Tern Road, North
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
904-273-4997 His Bus: 904-246-6065
Lang, Isador
6940 East Road
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-721-2302
Lantinberg, Richard & Nancy
2810 Beauderc Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-7469 His Bus: 904-353-6555
Lasris, Henry
10116 Arrowhead Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-3295
Lazar, Lawrence & Naomi
5979 Green Pond Drive
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-288-0110
Lazarus, Marvin
4109 Mizner Cir. S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-367-0124
Leach, Jeff & Stacy
2575 Scott Mill Drive South
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-4223
LeBeau, Chervl
2914 Alvaraao Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-0931
Leboire, Deborah
6515 La Mirada Drive W. #8
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-928-3326 Her Bus: 904-359-6800
Legum, Dorothy
6820 Caballero Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-8420
Leitman, Terri
1231 Ortagus Lane
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-5667
LeMay, Susannah
1004 Senecio Place
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-807-5975
Leonard, Aaron
c/0 Susan Cohen
Jacksonville FL 32223
Kowitz, Irvine & Marie
5403 Playa Way
Jacksonville FL 32211
904-743-2716 His Bus: 904-721-1820
Kraemer, Mark & Iris
2651 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-739-0025
Kraemer, Walter & Sylvia
368 S. Nine Dr.
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
904-285-7099
Kravitz, Richard & Shirley
3034 Beauderc Oaks Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-5552 His Bus: 904-630-1388
Kresel, Gary & Wendy Breezin
12008 Stacy Scott Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-3021 His Bus: 904-630-1945
Her Bus: 904-244-9748
Krestul, Carolyn
8169 Madeira Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-1623 Her Bus: 904-244-9748
Kufman, Boris & Tamara
12352 Macaw Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-4256
Kufman, Khonon
5846 Mt. Carmel Terr. #612
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-737-8613 His Bus: 904-244-9748
Kufman, Vladimir & Svetlana
4162 Piney Branch Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-0771
Kuhr, Michael & Deborah
2602 Scott Mill Drive S
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-8862602
Kulchin, Martin & Shelley
3367 Pickwick Drive S.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-0657 His Bus: 904-354-0631
Kupperman, Greg
1895 Live Oak Lane
Atlantic Beach, FL 32233
904-241-6091 904-241-6611
Kupperman, Keith & Catherine
3822 San Remo
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-7058 His Bus: 904-359-0040
Kupperman, Marilyn
8339 Daffin Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-8104
Keyser, Robert
2102 St. Martins Dr. E
Jacksonville FL 32246
904-374-4533 His Bus: 904-665-6389
Khazanovich, David & Yelena
3356 Glenn Mottin Way South
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-2677
Kingson, Stephen & Sophie
3024 Merlin Drive North
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-3007 His Bus: 904-731-4006
Her Bus: 904-737-5770
Kitay, Garry & Debbie Banks
120/ Journeys End Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-4536 904-346-3465
Kleiman, Norman & Marcia
4334 Redtail Hawk Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-9845
Kliman, Hy & Lovee
6000 San Jose Blvd. #5A
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-448-0096 His Bus: 904-448-1258
Klippel, Evan
2059 Gail Avenue
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
904-241-0623 His Bus: 904-642-4340
Kluger, Warren & Lynn
12954 Spiceberry Cir. S.
Jacksonville FL 32246
904-221-5748 His Bus: 904-797-2756
Her Bus: 904-262-4141
Knack, Janice
10455 Indian Walk Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-370-0052 Her Bus: 904-262-4141
Koegler, Lillian
9601 Southbrook Dr. #S2I4
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-997-1646 Her Bus: 904-262-4141
Kolb, Herbert & Lottie
9601 Southbrook Drive
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-996-8750
Koolik, Jack
4561 Cabbage Pond Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-9140
Kopp, Henry & Ellen
12108 Cattail Dr.W.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-9301
Kornblum, Annetta
2419 Saragossa Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-6127 Her Bus: 904-739-5226
133
===== PAGE 136 =====
ma₪₪m
easy-to-understand reDortina. You'll aet
answers about talent, structure, and culture
auickly. A ohone call or email is all you
need to aet started.
WE SPECIALIZE IN:
> Sophisticated Technology
> Online Assessments
> Easy-to-Understand Reporting
> Unique Person Job Match
> Executive Development
> Team Effectiveness
As a full service Industrlal/oraanizational
consultancy, AssessmentTechnoloales Grouo
provides analysis that powers better human
resource decisions. Whether you are evaluating
a job candidate or focusing on improving
employee performance, our team of
psychologists and Ph.D. organizational
consultants is ready to support your efforts.
Utilizing decades of industry experience,
we combine scientific practices and
state-of-the-art technology with concise,
Assessment 4887 Belfort Road, Suite 105 I Jacksonville, Florida 32256
Technologies 904.332.7227or800.737.5622 assessment-tech.com
Group
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
134
===== PAGE 137 =====
Loss, Martin & Calie
11501 St. Augustine Rd. #47
Jacksonville H. 32258
904-288-7061
Lowell, Joanne
P.O.Box 1628
Macdenny FL 32063
904-259-5664
Lubliner, Jonathan & Susan
2849 Spanish Cove Trail
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-9671
Lubliner, Sylvia
4260 Redtail Hawk Dr.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
—M—
Mack, Richard & Elaine
11681 Edgemere Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-3093
Magid, Leonard & Claudia Baker
9672 Wexford Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-5516 His Bus: 904-725-6161
Her Bus: 904-733-5818
Mail, Steven & Andrea
2737 Beauderc Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-732-9440
Maiman, Leonardo & Lynn
2850 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-448-6849 His Bus: 904-798-3700
Maltz, Edna
3809 Lavista Circle #209
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-732-4615
Manasse, Gary
922 1st Street South
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
Manasse, liana
2911 Isser Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-7765
Mann, Irene
3682 Ponce de Leon Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3276
Mann, Milton & Clara
2758 Alvarado Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6472
Margol, Bennie & Barbara
8149 Bahia Blanca
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-996-7563 His Bus: 904-786-2771
Levinson, Kalman & Judith
2255 Miller Oaks Dr. S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-5144 His Bus: 904-731-3393
Levinson, Marc
3413 Catamaran Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-4210 His Bus: 904-731-3393
Levy, Albert
2764 Via Baya Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-9665
Levy, Isaac & Dorree
425 North Ocean Grande Drive
Ponte Vedra Beach FL 32082
904-353-7070 His Bus: 904-396-5922
Levy, Peter & Kim
11035 Riverport Drive W
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-482-0091
Lewis, Ben & Arlene
11550 Hidden Harbor Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-1314 His Bus: 268-4904
Lewis, Gary & Marla
8729 Autumn Green Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-6041
Lewis, Phyllis
11501 Oíd St. Augustine Rd., #10
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-268-2963
Lewit, Hilda
2049 Bishop Estates Road
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-5593
Lewyn, Michael
3580 Pall Mall Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-680-7667
Libby, Robert
9360 Craven Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
Libby, Winnie
400 E. Bay Street
Jacksonville FL 32202
904-791-9773
Lipsky, Bruce & Jan
9087 Barnstaple Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-9451 His Bus: 904-359-4463
Lodinger, Herman & Miriam
2426 Jose Circle N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-0501
Lodinger, Seymour & Muriel
4053 Ponce de Leon Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-0635
Lerner, Paula
746 S. Granada Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-8273
Letts, Eliot & Amy
10901 Burnt Mili Road, #1202
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-619-6296
Levenson, Jeff & llene
9453 Kells Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-730-7273 His Bus: 904-366-3781
Her Bus: 904-396-0450
Levin, Fannie
11401 Old St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-292-4433
Levin, George & Phyllis
1601 Ocean Dr. S. #702
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
904-247-9021 His Bus: 904-356-6063
Levin, Michael & Samantha
3570 Lita Road E.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-9663 His Bus: 904-398-5556
Levin, Pearl
108 Bermuda Court
Ponte Vedra Beach FL 32082
904-285-4007 904-285-4600
Levin, Ronald & Joan
2315 Miller Oaks Drive N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1407 His Bus: 904-636-0000
Levine, Bradley & Karren
9681 Wexford Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-367-1999 His Bus: 904-358-1555
Her Bus: 904-733-7828
Levine, Mark & Christina
1817 Bolton Abbey Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-6216 His Bus: 904-214-4955
Her Bus: 904-268-4200
Levine, Mitchell & Susan
2823 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-367-0902 His Bus: 904-737-4626
Levine, Sally
7817 Fawn Brook Circle W.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-642-9120
Levine, William & Stephany
2994 Bernice Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-4780 His Bus: 904-262-1959
Levinson, Don & Amy
10544 Roundwood Glen Court
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-9682
135
===== PAGE 138 =====
BacK/ard CarniVals
3#r
the
BirtVf0^
nub i
Make Your
Next Party
One to
Remember!!
Moonwalks
Water
Slides
Popcorn
Rock Climbing
! ' -•־
Sno-Kones
Cotton Candy
Gladiator Jousting
Human Foosball
Popcorn Machine
136
===== PAGE 139 =====
Michaels, Sharon
9252 San Jose Blvd., #2503
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-8898
Miller, Deborah
4117 San Remo Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3873 Her Bus: 904-620-1416
Miller, Herman & Jewel
7822 Las Canas Court
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-731-1899
Miller, Scott & Melissa
2856 Sweetholly Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-6380 His Bus: 904-588-7058
Miller, Ted & Margaret
4052 Corrientes Court, S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-9845
Millrood, Jeremy & Kimberly
3201 Tea Rose Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-6523 Her Bus: 904-745-3050
Millstone, Marcia
128 Greenfield Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-3402 Her Bus: 904-745-3050
Millstone, Stuart
1603 Three Oaks Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-1955 His Bus: 904-745-3050
Mirensky, Ruben & Naomi
2771 Via Baya Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223-1718
904-292-1638
Mirkis, Wanda
2826 Villa Rica Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-8093 Her Bus: 904-288-4477
Mizrahi, Alan & Mauri
10018 Haley Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-6503 His Bus: 904-346-3800
Mizrahi, Charles & Ginette
490 Johns Creek Parkway
St. Augustine FL 32092
904-287-7642
Mizrahi, David & Judy
3654 Cathedral Oaks Drive N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6851
Mizrahi, Dennis & Betsy
11540 Truxton Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-886-9250 His Bus: 904-268-0503
Mazo, Hilda
2738 Treemont Street
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-1757
Mazo, Ted
P.O.Box 10474
Jacksonville FL 32247
904-398-1757
McEvoy, Ian & Merideth
10812 Carrington Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-288-7204
McNett, Ben & Billie
1555 Shirt Lane
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-730-8114
McNett, Tom & Donna
2220 Acadie Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-9705 His Bus: 904-353-5581
Meisel, Lewis & Evelyn
9439 San Jose Blvd., Apt 200
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-1687
Meisel, Steven
11512 Dandelion Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-6848 His Bus: 904-741-4404
Meizlik, Lillian
9252 San Jose Blvd. #303
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-3663 Her Bus: 904-262-9911
Mendel, Marilyn
10763 Clydesdale Drive E
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-886-2666 His Bus: 904-260-0268
Her Bus: 904-262-9911
Mendelson, Elaine
4050 Mizner Circle South
Jacksonville FL 32217
731-9905 Her Bus: 904-262-9911
Metcoff, Ron & Linda
307 Legacy Dr.
Orange Park FL 32073
904-213-9813
Mibab, Charles
922 1st Street South
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
904-868-4000 His Bus: 904-288-8499
Mibab, Perry
3694 Cathedral Oaks Place S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-8750
Michaels, A.J.
2369 Jose Circle N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-7700 His Bus: 904-759-0882
Margol, Drew & Michelle
2865 Casa del Rio Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-4178
Margol, Norma
716 S. Granada Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-6174
Margol, Oren
7918 Abington Hills Lane
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-0799 His Bus: 904-296-3390
Margol, Wilbur & Marilyn
736 S. Granada Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-1040 His Bus: 904-636-6600
Margolies, Alan & Jan
11437 Drakewood Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-6770 904-448-5000
Markowitz, Ernest & Lois
8327 Barquero Court N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6345
Markowitz, Robert & Linda
9831 Del Webb Parkway
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-683-9441 His Bus: 904-380-7338
Marks, Alan & Jo Ellen
2876 Village Grove Drive N.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-1627 His Bus: 904-399-0818
Marks, Andrew & Caroline
6118 Cherry Lake Drive, N
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-880-8801
Marlowe, Hugh & Lynn
1764 Plantaion Oates Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-6503 His Bus: 904-819-6309
Marón, Anita
613 Irene Court
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-3177
Marón, Bernard & Joan
1301 S. 1st Street #1208
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-241-0293 His Bus: 904-641-0822
Marton, Pearl
6227 Lake Tahoe Drive
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-641-7093
Mass, M. F. & Marilyn
2216 Miller Oaks Court
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-6773 His Bus: 904-733-8200
137
===== PAGE 140 =====
COCKTAIL LOUNGE • TEMPURA
CeoküutBe* ISurE, ׳es
• Sushi Bar yChildrerr Menu • Teppanyaki Tholes
Meeting>8rOther_Btmctions • Wedding Rehearsals
Private Parties • Private Banquets
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK
Southside: Mon-Fri. Lunch & Dinner Sat. & Sun. Dinner Only
Eagle Harbor & Mandarin: Mon-Sun. Dinner Only
Reservations Accepted, All Major Credit Cards, Gift Certificates Available
Eagle Harbor
269-3003
2009 East West Parkway
Mandarin
292-2400
11148 San Jose Blvd
Southside
642-2626
4483 Southside Blvd
Kan-Ki*
o
<N
<N
o
US-17
1-295
s <
1-295
Kan-Ki*
San Jose
Blvd
Beach Blvd
Southside
Blvd
*Kan-Ki
JT Butler
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
138
===== PAGE 141 =====
Parker, Barbara
6730 Epping Forest Way N. #109
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-448-1214
Parker, Todd & Jeannie
401 Triple Crown Lane
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-6260 His Bus: 904-737-1367
Parnés, Joel & Laura
10211 southern Glenn Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-3317 His Bus: 904-244-2260
Her Bus: 904-924-3049
Neadle, Jeffrey & Susan
1164 Dover Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-3281 His Bus: 904-287-3281
Her Bus: 904-443-3004
Neihaus, Steven & Tmima
1710 Moss Creek Drive
Orange Park FL 32003
904-278-6191 His Bus: 904-278-0287
Nevel, Judy Naftulin Geller
3921 Marianna RoadJ
acksonville FL 32217
904-733-3119 His Bus: 904-538-0238
Passen, Carl
1359 Belvedere Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32205
904-389-2350 His Bus: 904-854-3046
Her Bus: 904-924-3049
Passink, Richard & Rhonda
2817 Forest Mill Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-1842 His Bus: 904-355-7591
Paul, Herman & Judith
2482 Segovia Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1129 His Bus: 904-858-9696
Peltz, Harry & Sharon
8985 San Rae Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-0309
Peltz, Lois
11401 Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-737-8386
Perlin, Donald & Rebecca
717 Lockwood Lane
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-9621 His Bus: 904-287-9605
Perlman, Allan & Anita
141 36th Avenue S.
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
Perras, Eta
4124 Castle Bay Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-7573 Her Bus: 904-731-7880
Phillips, Bruce & Mercedes
413 Piper Place
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-1752 His Bus: 904-363-3133
Phillips, Scott & Pam
11659 Magnolia Estates Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-0620 His Bus: 904-636-1033
Her Bus: 904-284-0340
Nevers, Jodi
5020 Somersby Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-732-2354
Newman, Jeanette
1251 Norwich Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-737-8052
—0—
Oko, Scott & Lynn
416 Huckleberry Trail
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-0640 His Bus: 904-223-7490
Her Bus: 904-278-2020
Orender, Morgan & Donna-Lyn
3909 Duval Dr.
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-285-3796 His Bus: 904-564-9544
Organes, Kenneth & Peggy
12207 Cattail Drive W
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-1180 His Bus: 904-332-3564
Osborne, Michael & Tanis
3814 Biggin Church Rd.West
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-223-8996 His Bus: 904-953-8761
Her Bus: 904-953-8007
Osterer, Morrie & Kathy
2667 Spreading Oaks Ln.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-0214 His Bus: 904-268-7995
Her Bus: 904-260-1818
Osterman, Peter & Bonnie
9108 Bay Cove Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-730-2763 His Bus: 904-791-4060
Ozer, Janice
7632 Southside Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-619-8746
—P—
Mizrahi, Edward & Judy
2945 Mandarin Hollow Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-3035 His Bus: 904-730-4870
Her Bus: 904-260-3911
Mizrahi, Jack & Nancy
9962 Ridgefield Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-4347 His Bus: 904-262-6001
Mizrahi, Steven & Faye
3436 Beauclerc Cove Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-1676 His Bus: 904-731-0100
Her Bus: 904-202-2055
Moldavskiy, Isaak & Lyubov
10164 Arrowhead Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-7884
Morgenthal, Craig & Rachel
13238 Pecky Cypress Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-370-1055 His Bus: 904-398-0033
Morris, Jeffery & Robin
3311 Beauclerc Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-6705 His Bus: 904-384-8488
Morris, Joel & Carol
9441 Kells Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-3873 His Bus: 904-737-4241
Morris, Sonya
2816 Villa Rica Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-4564
Morse, Todd & Karen
2789 Carlene Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-886-2880 His Bus: 904-332-3570
Moses, Robert & Renee
3834 Vickers Lake Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-223-4488
Moskovitz, Charles & Evelyn
3594 River Hall Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-739-6920
Moss, Nancy
2206 Segovia Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-4856
Murashkovsky, Yan & Nelly
5846 Mt. Carmel Terr.
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-730-9499
—N—
Piner, Charlie
13073 Mandarin Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-3003 His Bus: 904-284-0340
Pakula, Philip & Barbara
4309 Barquero Court E.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-8490 His Bus: 904-733-5497
Nathans, Alan & Alyse
10818 Hidden Ridge Court
Jacksonville FL 32757
904-288-8200 His Bus: 904-733-7393
Her Bus: 904-332-2612
139
===== PAGE 142 =====
PATTEN BUS SERVICES, INC
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, Florida 32233
RICHARD PATTEN
JUDY PATTEN
(Kiiuiy
5# l-UHiiiliy
Cruíse PIanimers
Award Winning Agency
SHEREE SPRIGGS
Cruise & Travel Agent
Visit: www.CmisesEverywhere.com
E-mail: shereegale@aoi.com
Local: 904-612-8850
Fax: 904-268*1035
Independently Owned & Operated
Associate of Julia Aliseo
ARDUS
design
group
1550-3 Hendricks Ave.
Jacksonville, FI. 32207
904-342-6573 F201-1982
877-598-BAM1 Toll-Free
Agent of Sunworks CVC#56681
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
140
===== PAGE 143 =====
Raikes, Mitchell
6353 jack Wright Island Rd.
St. Augustine Fl 32092
904-739-9069
Raitt, Marc & Andy
6850 Caballero Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-6451 His Bus: 904-399-6171
Ralph, LouAnn
4 Little Bay Harbor Dr.
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
904-285-3836
Rand, Marco & Robin
3049 Merlin Drive N.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-9761 His Bus: 904-232-2751
Her Bus: 904-268-5818
Rashba, Neil
1178 Neck Road
Ponte Vedra Beach FL 32082
904-273-0388 His Bus: 904-268-5818
Raszkin, Evelyn
5846 lit. Carmel Terr.
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-733-3311 Her Bus: 904-268-5818
Reich, Edna
11401 Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville FL 31258
904-268-5818
Reppert, Judith
4121 Hanging Moss Court
Jacksonville ft 32257
904-260-4697 Her Bus: 904-292-1000
Resnick, Lawrence & Marjorie
3730 Rustic Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-8165
Richman, James & Deena
11449 Seagemoore Drive E.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-292-0189 His Bus: 904-260-1818
Richter, Robert & Shell¡
3110 Isser Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-3039
Rittenberg, Harris & Meryl
11037 Riverport Dr. E.
Jacksonville rL 32223
904-880-4567 His Bus: 904-384-4391
Robbins, David & Kim
6900 Almours Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-5666 His Bus: 904-354-5645
Powell, Tom & Penny
6755 Madrid Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-8418
Pinkhasova, Alexandra
9284 Cumberland Station Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-8466 Her Bus: 904-284-0340
Pozin, Fred & Wendy
13778 Carters Grove Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-3724 His Bus: 904-268-8080
Platock, Gerald & Ellen
2 Northgate Dr.
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
904-273-9488
Press, Stanley
9254 Arbolita Way
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-733-4015 His Bus: 904-353-1002
Plotkin, Herbert & Rose Lynn
6930 La Mesa Drive W.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-8448
Presser, Anne
2467 Castellón Drive N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1845
Presser, Neil & Iris
1845 Colwood Court
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6362 His Bus: 904-733-9333
Price, Jack
11111 Chester Lake Rd. E
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-8886
Price, Robbie
2750 Fieldston Lane
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-5586 His Bus: 904-363-2525
Price, Ruby
1326 Live Oak Lane
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-9676
Price, Samuel & Faye
1822 River Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-8128 His Bus: 904-733-4899
Proctor, Gloria
3443 Chrysler Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-6069
Proctor, Rochelle
1901 N. 1st Street, #1006
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
904-247-7192
Pugachevskiy, Rita
5816 Mt. Carmel Terr. #1303
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-636-5536
—R—
Rademan, Jerry & Arlene
9460 Wexford Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-1743
Bus: 904-630-2488
Bus: 904-276-7887
Plotkin, Jay & Cheryl
19541 Kuhn Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-448-1647 His
Her
Plotkin, Rick & Jennifer
472 Summerset Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-880-6648 His Bus: 904-598-9929
Poehlman, Ron & Lita
4527 Tango Lane E
Jacksonville FL 32210
904-771-5325
Pollan, Adina
1255 Eutaw Place
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-683-8028 Her Bus: 904-301-6564
Pollan, Arthur & Loretta
3429 Grand Teton
Jacksonville FL 322239
04-262-2173 His Bus: 904-354-5661
Pollan, Helene
3364 Piccadilly Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-6797
Pollan, Irving & Sandra
2020 E. Clovelly Lane
St. Augustine FL 32092
904-287-9229 His Bus: 904-733-3033
Pollan, Stephen
445 5th Street N
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
904-332-7227
Pollock, Ronald & Marsha
2452 Castellón Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-8060 His Bus: 904-476-5600
Portnoy, Jerry & Barbara
9550 Kuhn Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-0851 His Bus: 904-355-7591
Raikes, Larry
8312 Riding Club Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-645-1819
Portnoy, Phyllis
6860 Caballero Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1856
141
===== PAGE 144 =====
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
PRESIDENT
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd.S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
The Ultimate Team Superstore
ORANGE PARK MALL
269-0639
AVENUES MALL
519-0099
VISIT WWW.FOOTBALLFANATICS.COM
‘BíEST’ WQSYÚES tor a
tiATTY <§׳־ '}(TALT’tfY YÍTW YTA‘R
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
142
===== PAGE 145 =====
Rubenstein, Anne
2140 Larchmont Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-6820
Rubin, Arthur & Feme
2234 Saragossa Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-367-0607 His Bus: 904-356-2729
Rubin, Devon & Perrin
9411 Cedar Dell Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-2157 His Bus: 904-953-7104
Ruby, Andrew & Catrina
11020 Rock Island Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-3203 His Bus: 904-268-4200
Her Bus: 904-268-4200
Ruby, Stanley & Margo
3754 Rustic Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-7922 Her Bus: 904-268-4200
Rudowitz, Michael & Marcy
12021 Michaelson Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-288-0282
Rush, Leif & Beth
7675 Saw Timber Lane
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-379-2742 His Bus: 877-224-6925
Rutanskv, Joe & Jennifer
12023 River Plantation Dr.
Jacksonville, FL 32223
—S—
Sachs, Bernard & Celia
4176 Paloma Point Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-0414
Safer, Edwin & Harriet
1412 First St. North #301
Jacksonville FL 32250
904-242-9232
Safer, Eliot & Barbara
11650 Sedgemore Drive N.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-1329 His Bus: 904-268-7227
Safer, Rubye
4051 Alcazar Ave.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-6680
Safer, Steve & Misa
P.O. Box 57005
Jacksonville FL 32241
904-262-6266 Her Bus: 904-390-1033
Sager, Neil & Gaye
76)0 Smullian Trail W.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-3788 His Bus: 904-739-2300
Rosenberg, Sandy & Joanne
3751 Waterside Drive
Orange Park, FL 32065
904-269-6811 His Bus: 904-264-6500
Rosenblatt, Elias & Ruth
8984 Lake Kathryn Drive
Ponte Vedra Beacn FL 32082
904-280-3115 His Bus: 904-477-8771
Her Bus: 904-874-8984
Rosenblum, Esther
4138 Birmingham Road
Jacksonville FI 32207
904-737-8651 Her Bus: 904-874-8984
Rosenblum, Sharon
4138 Birmingham Road
Jacksonville fi. 32207
904-737-8651 Her Bus: 904-874-8984
Rosenfeld, Martin & Sandra
4374 Carriage Crossing Drive
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-268-2154
Rosenthal, Elaine
247 W. 87th Street 5C
New York NY 10024
212-874-6406
917-453-2933
Rosenthal, Samuel
3704 Point Pleasant Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-9511 His Bus: 904-399-8255
Rosner, Alan & Ellen
8122 Bahia Blanca Street
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-928-0540 His Bus: 904-398-9002
Rosner, Jack
939 Ola Grove Manor
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-4174
Roth, Neal & Nina
10754 Scott Mill Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-7076 His Bus: 904-737-4626
Rothstein, Mitchell & Diane
1939 River Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-3302 His Bus: 904-366-3738
Rothstein, Paul & Lorraine
P.O. Box 24828
Jacksonville FL 32241-4828
904-519-7081
Rubens, George & Ellen
5093 Bradford Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-1552
Rubens, Joshua & Cara
12601 Windy Willows Drive
Jacksonville FL 32225
904-371-4926
Robbins, Kate
3820 La Vista Cir. #106
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-636-5081
Robins, Leon
9252 San Jose Blvd. #4402
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-6359
Robinson, Richard & Sharon
1555 Dogwood Lane
Middleburg, FL 32068
904-282-3219
Roey, Howard
7701 Baymeadows Cir.W #1081
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-733-8409
Rogozinski, Abe & Marjie
2845 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-739-7646
Rogozinski, Chaim & Jeanine
3223 Front Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-367-0963 His Bus: 904-733-3529
Rogozinski, Ella
10134 Huntington Forest Blvd. E.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-0936
Rogozinski, Sam & Rand¡
2919 Front Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-7100
Romo, Donald & Maxine
1934 Hibernia Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-3262
Rose, Margaret
4120 Nakema Drive S.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-4574
Rose, William
1436 San Amaro Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-737-7775
Rosenberg, Hannah
11501 Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville FL 31258
904-880-3590
Rosenberg, Jerry
2970 St. ohns Ave. 9-C
Jacksonville FL 32205
904-384-7731 His: 904-607-7700
Rosenberg, Richard & Claudia
4162 San Serverra Dr. S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-3080
143
===== PAGE 146 =====
Daniel L Wohl, M.D., RA.
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ear־, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 2627־“ENT”(7368)
www.ent4kids.net
Compliments of
FORD, BOWLUS, DUSS, MORGAN,
KENNEY, SAFER & HAMPTON, P.A.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
Eliot J. Safer Robert M. Morgan
3652 Crown Point Court
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 268-7227
(904)- 880-5352 Fax
10110 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 268-7227
(904) 262-3337 Fax
www.flfirm.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
144
===== PAGE 147 =====
Schreiber, Minnie
11 SO I Old St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville FL 31258
904-398-5174 Her Bus: 904-923-4850
Schemer, Hal & Kim
8245 Riding Club Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-642-1162 His Bus: 904-399-1244
Saliman, Bess
11501 Old St. Augustine Road, #51
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-262-9508
Schuster, Barry & Linda
9389 Beauderc Woods Lane N.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-9298 His Bus: 904-268-0241
Her Bus: 904-268-5818
Schuster, Simon & Mina
4414 Summer Walk Court
Jacksonville FL 32258
Schwam, Sonya
613 Irene Court
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-4905
Seebol, Jerry & Sharon
10735 Waverley Bluff Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-4364 His Bus: 904-858-2300
Sekine, Kenneth & Sheryl
2648 Beauderc Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-6529 His Bus: 904-262-5333
Selber, Joel
P.O. Box 5284
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-307-2570
Selber, Leonard & Mary
959 Maple Lane
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-0063
Selber, Roselyn
1031 Holly Lane
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-3392
Selevan, Andrew & Rebekah
8934 Elizabeth Falls Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-379-8338 His Bus: 904-733-9311
Selevan, Jack
103 Anapolis Lane
Ponte Vedra FL 32082
904-733-9311
Selevan, Marc & Jenny
4030 Philips Highway
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-733-9311
Selevan, Russell & Fran
2734 Estates Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-7200 His Bus: 904-733-9311
Selmanoff, Alan & Marcia
2873 Spanish Cove Trail
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-2881
ack & Dale
.osa Dr.W.
e FL 32217
883 His Bus: 904-630-2274
Schemer,
8660 La
Jacksonvil
904-733-
Sail, David & Patricia
2946 Bernice Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-6343 His Bus: 904-396-2273
Schemer, Margaret
8891 Hampton Landing Drive E
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-519-6595 Her Bus: 904-396-6195
Schemer, Martin & Tamala
7986 Quailwood Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-645-3423 His Bus: 904-399-1244
Her Bus: 904-464-3460
Schemer, Shirley
1940 Sweetbriar Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-9349 Her Bus: 904-396-6195
Schemer, Valda
8671 Purslane PI.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-448-6856 Her Bus: 904-396-6195
Schinasi, Shirley
4164 London Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-0884
Schlecter, Scott
4295 Sunbeam Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-379-0887
Schmerer, David & Priscilla
3558 Hampton Glen Place
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-9168
Schmuller, Joseph
10383 Arrow Forest Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-6947 His Bus: 904-296-1685
Schneider, Michael & Barbara
11563 Hidden Harbor Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-2316 His Bus: 904-296-0100
Her Bus: 904-421-2901
Schneider, Nathan & Thelma
11501 St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-260-0040
Schnipper, Robert & Ellen
3267 Beauderc Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-5466 His Bus: 904-355-5555
Schoettler, James & Lori
1091 S. McDuff Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32205
904-384-4409 His Bus: 904-359-4385
Her Bus: 904-923-4850
Sandler, Craig & Natalie
9635 Beauderc Bluff Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-8010 His Bus: 904-733-4447
Her Bus: 904-731-8010
Sandler, Jeffrey & E. Dayan
12387 Mandarin Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-3101 His Bus: 904-777-7465
Her Bus: 904-202-2257
Sandler, Nathan & Marilyn
2246 Segovia Ave
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-2232
Sandler, Neil & Bonnie
2502 Spreading Oaks Lane
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-7843 886-0904
Sang, Jane
920y Jaybird Circle West
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-2859 Her Bus: 904-731-8010
Sapolsky, Eleanor
9252 San Jose Blvd. #201
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-828-4013 Her Bus: 904-731-8010
Sapolsky, Jeffrey & Wendy
11713 Hamrick Place
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-3142 Her Bus: 904-308-5000
Her Bus: 904-387-6200
Saraga, Leonard & Frieda
3820 La Vista Circle #116
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-737-3353
Saye, Mark & Shari
1785 Rising Oaks Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-0817 His Bus: 904-396-4320
Her Bus: 904-396-6195
Schemer, Frances
8040 Pine Lake Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-641-1709
Schemer, Gerald & Florence
4092 Corrientes Ct. S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-4668 His Bus: 904-260-4300
145
===== PAGE 148 =====
we not only promise you a good haircut,
we guarantee it.
ASHFORD SERVICES
Total Floor Maintenance & Restoration
YOUR SMILE REFLECTS IN THE QUALITY OF OUR SERVICES
F’hxe Freferred Floor Sjoeciafist of tfie
Jachsonvdfe Jewish Center
2180 Emerson Street, Jacksonville FL, 32207
(904) 396-7090 •Toll Free: 866-3907090־ • Cell: (904) 333-7594
www.ashfordservices.net
Hair cuttery
Cuts • Color • Style
www.haircuttery.com
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
E.H.Thompson Company
“Food Service Equipment and Supplies Since 1912” *״,innovative
North Florida’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer FOODS E RVIjCE
NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Heavy Duty
Cooking Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Products
• Furniture
• Custom Fabrication
3581555־ Fax:
• China, Glass & Silver
• Kitchen Supplies
• Bar Equipment
• Chemicals
• Refrigerators
• Bakery Equipment
TOLL FREE:
1-8004655 780-1555־ Lenox Avenue (904)354-4448
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
146
===== PAGE 149 =====
Siegel, Edward & Helen
6855 San Sebastian Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-7068
Signayevsky, Lev & Galina
4734 Northern Pacific Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-5735
Silberstein, Delores
4011 San Remo Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-2422
Silke, Leon & Ann
4622 Meadow Run Place
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6483 His Bus: 904-737-8600
Her Bus: 904-538-0909
Silverberg, Randy & Cindy
3809 La vista dr. #237
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6649 His Bus: 904-398-0038
Silverman, Molly
2927 Caballero Court
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3658
Silverman, Stephen & Judy
917 First St. South
Jacksonville Beach FL 32250
904-241-6448 His Bus: 904-262-2700
Silverstein, Alex & Maura
1080 Durbin Parke Drive
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-7969
Simmons, Laurie & Chris
1093 Larkspur Loop
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-1766
Singal, Ron & Susan
2660 Riverport Dr. S.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-4639 His Bus: 904-751-3600
Her Bus: 904-292-2020
Singal, Sheldon & Elaine
2980 Bernice Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-262-1402 His Bus: 904-292-2020
Singer, Frederick & Doris
9281 Waterglen Lane
Jacksonville TL 32256
904-363-0747
Sinoff, Barry & Carole
1136 West Kesley Lane
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-731-1249
Sisisky, Richard & Kimberly
6676 Epping Forest Way N.
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-737-0390 His Bus: 904-737-1367
Sherman, Marvin & Bea
948 Old Grove Manor
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-7589 His Bus: 904-737-3700
Sherman, Mitchell
10023 Belle Rive Blvd. #814
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-737-2692 His Bus: 904-737-3700
Sherman, Steven & Theresa
6723 La Loma Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-5170 His Bus: 904-634-6174
Shistik, Leonid
4480 Deerwood Lake Parkway, #437
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-928-3939 His Bus: 904-726-3424
Shkolyar, Vladimir
5846 Mt. Carmel Terr. #1403
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-448-3142
Shmunes, Harry & Jon¡
12363 Brady Place Blvd.
Jacksonville TL 32223
904-886-0045 His Bus: 904-292-1852
Shorstein, Harry & Ann
5200 San Jose Blvd. #8
Jacksonville FL 322079
04-733-0327
Shorstein, Jack & Judy
2619 Wrightson Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-288-0468 His Bus: 904-739-1311
Shorstein, Mark & Beth
11045 Riverport Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-7234 His Bus: 904-739-1311
Her Bus: 904-394-5723
Shorstein, Michael & Robin
2961 Mandarin Hollow Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-1174 His Bus: 904-348-6400
Shorstein, Samuel
8265 Bayberry Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-739-1311
Shteyn, Rakhil
5876 Mt. Carmel Terr. #1007
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-730-9341
Shteyn, Sam & Galina
4853 San Clerc Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-9491
Shuman, David & Shari
2547 Bishop Estates Road
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-429-7831 His Bus: 904-721-1727
Her Bus: 904-620-4727
Selwitz, Robert & Sandra
152 St.Johns Forest Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-371-2429 His Bus: 904-665-2253
Setzer, Barry & Ellen
9649 Trendle Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-0076 904-733-7254
Setzer, Benjamin & Melanie
3620 Silvery Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-443-7723 His Bus: 904-743-0880
Setzer, Leonard & Debra
2623 Forest Point Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-731-0541 His Bus: 904-743-0880
Shader, Joseph & Helen
2930 Starshire Cove
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-0412 His Bus: 904-880-7999
Shafran, Frank & Joan
8589 Walden Glen Drive
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-3771
Shainbrown, Rochelle
3832 Millpoint Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-7303
Shamash, Mira
1912 Blue Bonnett Way
Orange Park, FL 32003
904-269-7331
Shapiro, Adam & Jami
11096 Loretto Square Dr. S
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-7909 His Bus: 904-620-165
Her Bus: 904-739-3353
Shapiro, Craig & Sandy
1026 Pennsylvania Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-247-1335
Shapiro, Michelle
6481 Smooth Thorn Court
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-292-2879
Shapiro, Norman & Shirley
3534 Stevens Way
Augusta GA 30907
Shemer, Harriet
10541 Osprey Nest Drive E.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-292-2247
Shenkman, Robert & June
9681 Trendle Lane S.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-0527 His Bus: 904-489-1568
Her Bus: 904-737-3700
147
===== PAGE 150 =====
TROPHY
CROWN
11700 San Jose Blvd - suite 6 Jacksonville, FL 32223
(904)260-4871 email: crownjacksonville@gmail.com
website: www.crowntrophy.com
We Offer a Variety of Award tProducts:
*Trophies for every occasion
*Sport/Academic Medals & Sport Dog Tags
*Plaques (Corporate, Team, Sponsor, etc)
*Engraved Glass & Acrylics
*Ribbons & Pins
As Well As Customized fift Items:
*Engraved Wood Cutting Boards, Spoons
*Religious Gifts - Plaques, Glass, Acrylic
*Desk Accessories ־ Pen sets, Name Plates
*Christmas Ornaments ־ Glass , Acrylic
Ramada
Conference Center
* Bar/Bat Mitzvah Parties
*Shabbat Dinners
*Weddings/Receptions
*Any Special Occasion
The Ramada Conference Center and the Pozin
And !Many Otfier Items:
*Banners ־ Digital Full Color or Vinyl
*Plastic Signage
*Engraved & Color Badges
*Promotional and Fundraising Items
*much, much more...
**Think of us for your next award or gift purchase**
״ Visit our Beautiful sfiozvroom -
- Cali or email us to receive a free catalog -
family invite you to come and be our guest at a
family owned and operated local hotel with
newly renovated rooms. We send our Best
Wishes for a Happy and Healthy New Year.
Free transportation to and from the
synagogue for hotel guests.
1-295 & San Jose Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32257 (904) 268-8080
www.jaxramada.com
C PIHCH• A*PCNHY ץ
IPOOl-WinO-SBAi
The Perfect People For A Perfect Pool
.YOUR POOL & PATIO SUPERSTORE !
11200 San Jose Blvd.
268-9561
Serving Mandarin
for 23 years!
No* offering *eeWy pool service /
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
148
===== PAGE 151 =====
Striar, Brian
633 Great Abaco Court
Jacksonville FL 32250
904-2491728־ His Bus: 904-620-2273
Strumlauf, George & Phyllis
5049 Somersby RoadJ
acksonville FL 3221/
904-733-1747
Strumlauf, Ross
5049 Somersby Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1747 His Bus: 904-641-3900
Sussman, Marlene
4015 Dover Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-732-9990
Szoychen, Marvin & Noemi
11634 Summer Brook Ct.
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-262-2572 His Bus: 904-886-0712
Taffet, Alan & Ina
9133 Kings Colony Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-7848
Talpalar, Ben & Joan
2259 Smullian Trail N.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6915 His Bus: 904-731-4177
Talpalar, Mark & Wendy
10743 Waverley Bluff Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-2331 His Bus: 904-731-4177
Talpalar, Sharon
1601 Ocean Drive S., #408
Jax Beach, FL 32250
904-247-9137 His Bus: 904-731-4177
Tannen, Edward & Millie
9155 Audubon Park Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-0111 His Bus: 904-630-1718
Her Bus: 904-733-3360
Taxier, Tessie
7130 San Sebastian Ave.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-1473 Her Bus: 904-733-3360
Teitelbaum, Howard & Stephanie
8106 Hunters Grove Road
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-564-2300 His Bus: 904-778-0081
Teitelman, Barbara
9190 Spindletree Way
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-464-0565
Sorkin, Jerome & Lillie
3033 Haley Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-0096
Southall, Karen
11629 Alexis Forest Dr. E.
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-292-1337
Spevak, Elaine
828 Old Grove Manor
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-9897
Spivak, Mark & Alla
1633 Inkberry Lane
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-3457 His Bus: 904-268-3583
Spiwak, Myrna
11501 Old St. Augustine Road, #70
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-262-6384
Spriggs, Tom & Sheree
4644 Golden Spike Court
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-1035 His Bus: 904-954-8424
Stahl, Michael & Rochelle
2054 Riverside Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32204
904-558-5047 His Bus: 904-596-4095
Stark, Bruce & Kathy
9577 Beauclerc Cove Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-7479
Stearman, Mandell & Rita
8124 Middle Fork Lane
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-642-7297 His Bus: 904-296-3706
Her Bus: 904-399-3700
Steinberg, Martin & Randee
2306 Segovia Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-9437 His Bus: 904-396-4410
Her Bus: 904-396-6195
Steinfeld, David & Michelle
3828 LaVista Circle
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-636-7580 His Bus: 904-636-7583
Sterman, Phil & Karen
5306 Heronview Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-2492 His Bus: 904-489-6981
Her Bus: 904-348-7861
Stevens, Barry & Rori
11056 Riverport Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-880-2220 His Bus: 904-388-1220
Skigen, Andrew & Cindy
4447 Swilcan Bridge Lane North
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-645-0996 Her Bus: 904-355-6100
Slaff, Norman
2801 Alvarado Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-3190 His Bus: 904-355-6100
Sloat, Irene
8 Sandpiper Cove
Ponte veara Beach, FL 32082
904-285-0394 Her Bus: 904-355-6100
Slotin, Philip
4207 Richmond Park Drive East
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-273-0919 His Bus: 904-786-5583
Her Bus: 904-355-6100
Slott, Blanche
2650 Dupont Avenue #3A
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-9341 Her Bus: 904-355-6100
Smiley, Alan & Joscelyne
4664 Pecos Court
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-1286
Smith, Francine
2124 Birch Bark Ct. E
Jacksonville FL 32246
904-221-8061
Smith, Randall
P.O. Box 54593
Jacksonville, FL 32245
904-565-4447
Soffler, Judith
4045 Mizner Cir. S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-448-8613
Soforenko, Renee
1111 Nicholson Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-399-5931 Her Bus: 904-358-1960
Solloway, Michael & Bonnie
8202 Condover Court
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-519-8823 His Bus: 904-376-3800
Her Bus: 904-633-8882
Solomon, Iris
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace #1413
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-737-5439
Solomon, Leah
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace #304
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-730-3450
Solomon, Steve & Anita
6241 Pinecove Lane
Jacksonville FL 32211
904-743-0785
149
===== PAGE 152 =====
Dermatology
& LASER
CENTER
DLC
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGISTS
N Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA, Medical Director
Mark A Cohen, MD, MOHS Surgeon
Bruce Paley, DO • William Garvin, MD (ret)
Angela Y Armstrong, ARNP
Diseases, Laser and Surgery of the Hair, Skin and Nails
“Specializing in the Comprehensive Treatment for
Sun Damaged and Aging Skin”
Tumescent Liposuction • MOHS Surgery
The Quicklift MD- mini face, neck & brow lifts
Intense Pulse Light Laser for Sun Damaged Skin
Chemical Peels • Laser Resurfacing
Laser Hair Reduction and Laser Removal of Vascular &
Pigmented Lesions & Wrinkles
Botoxtm • Juvederrntm• Sculptratm• Restylanetm
*Designated a Platinum Botox Injector since 2004
״Expertise, Experience and the Latest Technology
FOR ALL YOUR SKIN CARE PROBLEMS”
2055 Professional Center Drive
Orange Park, FL 32073
4500־276 (904)
www.dermatologyandlasercenter.net
ITs Easy As 1-2-3
TO Be PEST FREL
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
eusniMMiGNfP
PjP
^nvitai IONS by I
award w¡״¡״״fde*9"er/il,ustra,°r
UNIQUELY DESIGNED JUST FOR YOUR
■Bar/Bat Mitzvah ■Wedding
■Anniversary ■Engagement
■Birth Announcement
and Other Special Occasions
WANT TO KNOW MORE? CALL
RAYMOND COHEN 904-737-8645
email: raycohen@bellsouth.net
Pests
fire Ants
• Guaranteed Annual
Fire Ant Program
for Lawns
* Ants | Roaches | Fleas
» Carpenter Ant Specialists
» Annually, Quarterly, Monthly
Termites
• Subterranean
• Formosan
• Drywood
• Pre-Construction Wood
& Soif Treatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
BRANDON
Pest Control
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
2941 Dawn Rd. \ Jacksonville FL 32207
WWW. PESTFREE .com
TERMIDOR*
Sed¿ Waite¿,
Miami, fylasii&a
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Palm Coast 447.0013
Official Kosher Meat Suppliers of
Margo’s Catering
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
150
===== PAGE 153 =====
Weiss, Alan & Sandy
328 Talwood Trace
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-4510 His Bus: 904-353-2000
Weiss, David
2367 Seminole Road
Atlantic Beach FL 32233
904-642-1888 His Bus: 904-549-1304
Weiss, Esther
6740 Epping Forest Way N.
Jacksonville TL 32217
904-733-4644
Weiss, Jeffrey & Sheri
13853 Thomasville Court
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-620-9650
Weiss, Martin & Sandra
2845 Sylvan Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-268-0359 His Bus: 904-390-7000
Weiss, Sylvia
2312 Shaded Brook Drive
Owings Mills, FL 21117
410-356-2626
Weisstein, Harold & Linda
10001 Hartford Lake PL
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-363-3512
Weisstein, Minnie
11501 Old St. August Rd
Jacksonville FL 3Z258
904-262-5123
Weitzen, Jerome & Dianne
13352 Mandarin Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-6817 His Bus: 904-353-3163
Wernow, Sylvia
2705 Woodhill Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-646-9511
Werwa, Todd & Lara
11059 River Creek Dr.W
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-7737 His Bus: 904-940-7257
Whitman, Joshua & Elyse
3660 Cathedral Cove Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-367-8284 His Bus: 904-346-3800
Whitman, Martin & Judith
817 W. Cumberland Court
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-287-0012
Wiener, William & Elizabeth
8286 Western Way Circle #C2
Jacksonville FL 32256
—W—
Wadler, Stanley & Alma
7058 San Souci
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-724-6015 His Bus: 904-737-0811
Waitz, Sumner & Joan
4563 Corrientes Circle S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-2486
Walker, Blair & Liat
2745 Flynn Cove Road
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-8329 His Bus: 904-489-5533
Wallace, Eric
12171 Beach Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32246
904-646-4597 His Bus: 904-393-9888
904-215-4600
Wallace, Leonard & Renee
¡2247 Mesa Verde Trai¡
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-3781 His Bus: 904-542-0102
Her Bus: 904-215-4600
Warfield, Hilda
3461 Donziway E.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-9605
Warfield, Steven & Risa
2753 Estates Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-6929 His Bus: 904-269-2437
Watkins, Marvin & Marlene
7827 La Sierra Court
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-730-5037
Weinberg, Edward
3951 Laurelwood Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-880-8335 His Bus: 904-725-9400
Weinberg, Jean
1761 Orlando Circle S.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-4496
Weinberg, Peter
3606 Chappi Way
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-8582
Weiner, David & Judith
10211 Scott Mill Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-718-3260
Weinstein, Carol
933 Point La Vista Rd. N.
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-398-1021
Weisman, David & Susanne
5906 Saxony Woods Lane
Jacksonville FL 32211
904-727-0928 His Bus: 904-838-8320
Her Bus: 904-549-1304
Thall, Edwin & Helene
3959 Brampton Island Ct. S
Jacksonville FL 32224
904-992-1523 His Bus: 904-646-2082
Her Bus: 904-821-0860
Tischler, Marion
2119 Mercer Circle S.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-7887 Her Bus: 904-421-7545
Her Bus: 904-821-0860
Tomberg, Phyllis
7901 Baymeadows Cir. E. #335
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-739-7441 Her Bus: 904-821-0860
Tomlinson, David
772 Cameron Drive
Orange Park FL 32073
904-276-9974 His Bus: 904-821-0860
Tompkins, Robert & Lois
3944 San Remo Drive
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-0157
Trager, Alan & Denise
9273 River Shores Lane
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-739-3938
Trager, Brent & Allison
11062 Thornapple Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-821-6772 His Bus: 904-993-1445
Trager, Charles & Rexine
2725 Forest Circle
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-9999 His Bus: 904-354-5661
Trager, Mitchell & Beth
17/1 Beach Avenue
Atlantic Beach, FL 32233
904-249-0570
Trager, Sylvia
3 Grove Isles Dr., #706
Coconut Grove, FL 33133
Turovskiy, Izrail
4256 Queensway Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-886-9661
—V—
Verstandig, Harry & Dorothy
2958 Mandarin Hollow Dr.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-260-1473 His Bus: 904-354-3776
Her Bus: 904-260-1818
Vitiello, Richard & Robin
1529 Rose Hill Dr.W.
Jacksonville FL 32221
904-695-0634 His Bus: 904-768-2501
Volkovinskaya, Lilya
5846 Mt. Carmel Terr. #1009
Jacksonville FL 322 ¡6
904-730-9341
151
===== PAGE 154 =====
Unique gift packaging
Handmade truffles and
chocolates
Caramel nut corns
Homemade pastries
Wholesale and retail
^7CHOCOLATE
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
9122־904-262
fax: 904-292-9559
www.3sisterschocolate.com
IftSOlf’S Tto &> T£0aimJ§
CARPET • WOOD •CERAMIC & PORCELAIN TILE • LAMINATE
VINYL• COMMERCIAL • VCT • NATURAL STONE & MARBLE
RESIDENTIAL & COMMERCIAL SALES & INSTALLATION
•COMPLETE REMODELING•
Office: 904-751-2604
Carpet/Wood: 904-338-4276
Fax: 904-751-0546
Email: jrgtile@aol.com
td'jd'SPuAiefr SBimoaóúne',
(904) 737-1344
Lexus GS » Hummer
Infiniti FX45 - QX56
Excursion - Magnum
Land Yacht — 300
07 Escalade with Spa
Susie got it Gam' on,. ,
* Sws1esLm10.com
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your
glass needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
With Lee and Cates Glass...
“Your going to see a big difference!”
20 North Florida - South Georgia Locations
to better serve you.
Our Family Focus
Is Our Greatest Strength
י
The Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities, LLC (left to right) Raquel Zisman P/M Portfolio Manager Financial Consultant,
Sandy Zimmerman Senior Vice President Investments, Barbara Jaffe Managin Director Investments,
Brad Zimmerman Senior Vice President Investments and Diane Pauly First Vice President Investments
For more than two decades, the Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities, LLC has helped some of Jacksonville's
most successful individuals and families focus on what really matters in their lives.
Whether it's your children's or grandchildren's education, hitting your target date for retirement, or fulfilling
a desire to pass on what you've built, the jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities
offers personal service, perspective and insight —no matter what the markets are doing.
YVAchoyta
Securities
Uncommon Wisdom
The Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities, LLC
225 Water Street, Suite 2000
Jacksonville, FL 32202
904-393-4646
SECURITIES AND INSURANCE PRODUCTS: NOT INSURED BY FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVENRMENT AGENCY - MAY LOSE VALUE - NOT A DEPOSIT OF OR GUARANTEED BY A BANK AFFILIATE
Wachovia Securities, LLC Member SPIC, a registered broker-dealer and separate affiliate of Wachovia Coproration. © 2008 Wachovia Securities, LLC 65870 09/08
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
152
===== PAGE 155 =====
Zhukova, Svetlana
5014 Harrow Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-0106 Her Bus: 904-733-9828
Zilberman, Boris
5840 Mount Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32216
904-730-2815
Zilberman, Lev & Lada
1629 Inkberry Lane
Jacksonville FL 32259
904-230-4039
Zimmerman, Benjamin & Sylvia
6862 San Sebastian Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-4679 His Bus: 904-355-8974
Zimmerman, Brad & Robin
3670 Airlie Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-8592 His Bus: 904-313-6823
Zimmerman, Charles & Elyne
1560 Lancaster Terrace #1201
Jacksonville FL 32204
904-353-3282 His Bus: 904-332-9006
Zimmerman, Donald & Betsy
4539 Corrientes Cir. S
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-262-4842
Zimmerman, Lanny
10458 Big Tree Circle E
Jacksonvilfe FL 32257
904-268-9716 His Bus: 904-737-9077
Zimmerman, Lynn
8208 Mar Del Plata St. East
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-997-8000
Zimmerman, Morrie & Chase
2800 Scott Mill Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-2502 His Bus: 904-332-9006
Zimmerman, Sanford (Sandy)
8106 Woodpecker Trail
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-997-2292 His Bus: 904-393-4627
Zimmerman, Scott & Suzanne
7809 Rondeau Rd.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-7921 His Bus: 904-292-1000
Her Bus: 904-353-4503
Zimmerman, Seeman & Nancy
2553 Pineridge Road
Jacksonville FL 32207
904-396-7942
Zisser, Elliot & Carolyn
1937 Beach Avenue
Atlantic Beach, FL 32233
904-246-6684 His Bus: 904-398-6100
Her Bus: 904-249-8787
Wyzan, Daniel & Amy
2613 Scott Mill Lane
Jacksonville FL 322239
04-880-5617 His Bus: 904-389-6800
—Y—
Yarish, Paul
3127 Watson Drive S.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-737-5180 His Bus: 904-899-6300
Yegelwel, Evan & Arlene
0234 Scott Mill Road
acksonville FL 322579
04-268-7972 His Bus: 904-632-2424
Yellin, Elsie
3714 Cathedral Cove Road
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-7070
Yergin, Bruce & Cathy
10980 Riverport Dr. W.
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-260-5005 His Bus: 904-396-0300
Yergin, Leon
9901 Moorings Drive
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-2771
Young, Charles & Iris
10331 Nakema Drive W.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-632-7535 Her Bus: 904-448-1933
—Z—
Zadnepryanets, Vera
7725 Lisa Drive E
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-636-0672 Her Bus: 904-448-1933
Zadoff, Pearl
15912 Reddington Way
Atlanta GA 30328
904-448-1933
Zagagi, Yaniv & Karina Jeifez
I IT 21 Fallgate Point Court
Jacksonville FL 32256
904-513-1598 His Bus: 904-251-1578
Zaifert, Dana & Talie
11813 Crusselle Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-262-6349 His Bus: 904-262-2800
Zapen, Rebecca
1650-302 Margaret St.
Jacksonville FL 32204
904-398-0487 Her Bus: 904-662-6348
Zavon, David & Shelly
2494 Segovia Avenue
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-9828 Her Bus: 904-733-9828
Wilensky, Billy
10306 big Feather Trail
Jacksonvilfe FL 32257
904-254-8100
Wilensky, Judge Daniel & Cathy
1916 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32207
His Bus: 904-278-3772
Her Bus: 904-465-0506
Wilf, Larry & Stacie
8652 Cathedral Oaks Place W.
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-730-9549 Her Bus: 904-737-1367
Wirsansky, Eyal & Jacqueline
12945 Tree Way Lane
Jacksonville FL 32258
904-262-3820 Her Bus: 904-268-5200
Witten, Bruce & Sharon
3671 Jose Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-731-1783 His Bus: 904-829-6441
Witten, Edward & Bunny
4213 Via Valencia Circle
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-733-6630 His Bus: 904-356-1335
Witten, Laura
3801 Crown Point Road, #1333
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-619-1068
Witten, Paul
1414 Ocean Front
Neptune Beach, FL 32266
904-249-5555 His Bus: 904-268-5200
Wohl, Daniel & Cindy
9003 Kings Colony Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-0120 His Bus: 904-262-7368
Wolchok, Stephen & Susan
3556 Silvery Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-285-5516 Her Bus: 912-289-4861
Wolf, Mary
3642 Leewood Lane
Jacksonville FL 32217
904-636-9570
Wolfson, Bud & Lisa
2803 Scott Mill Terrace
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-733-2932 His Bus: 904-296-0446
Wolpoff, Howard & Beth
10351 Autumn Valley Road
Jacksonville FL 32257
904-292-2081
Woodard, Frank & Daphne
11621 Yalding Drive
Jacksonville FL 32223
904-268-4884
153
===== PAGE 156 =====
RUGS TO FIT EVERY STYLE
TRADITIONAL
TRANSITIONAL
CONTEMPORARY
CUSTOM DESIGNS
SALES
CLEANING • RESTORATION
APPRAISALS
Over 16 Years Experience
i» lAFFE
RUG GALLERY
8206 PHILIPS HIGHWAY • JACKSONVILLE, FL
904.730.2121 • jafferuggallery.com
0?tcáíttty ^*tatúen¿
LATHING - PLASTERING - STUCCO
METAL STUDS - DRYWALL - DRYVIT
ACCOUSTICAL TILE - FLOOR COVERING
1703 LAMBERT STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32206
PHONE
(904) 359-0314
Bill Page
1728 Hendricks Ave.
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
Phone: 904-8540747־
Fax: 904-854-0750
Cell: 904-553-2688
T
www.tilemarket.net
of San Marco
ש
Vito
Italian Restaurant
The One and Only
The Original Family
owned and operated
authentic homemade
Italian Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
Serving Jacksonville for
25 years at the same location
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
www.vitosjax.com
vitosjax@comcast.net
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
154
===== PAGE 157 =====
Zisser, Jon Zucker, Esther Zunic, Andrew & Jennifer
3591 South Kernan Blvd. 3467 Catamaran Way 3212 Chestnut Court
Jacksonville FL 32224 Jacksonville FL 32223 Jacksonville FL 32259
904-5534510־ His Bus: 904-630-1588 904-292-0854 Her Bus: 904-249-8787 904-230-9969 His Bus: 904-332-3431
Her Bus: 904-249-8787
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s
Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Jacksonville Jewish Federation 4485000־
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation 394-0720
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Hebrew Home/
Wolfson Health & Aging Center 260-1818
Beth Shalom Congregation 268-0404
Beth־El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubovitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim 262-3565
155
===== PAGE 158 =====
4185 Sunbeam Road, Suite 100 • Jacksonville, FL 32257
tel: (904) 733-5578 • fax: (904) 733-6568
sales@mmpjax.com • www.mmpjax.com
- A locally-owned, family-run business -
OTHER SERVIC
Graphic Design
Variable Data
Mail Services
Color Copying
Signage
Faxes
Advertising Specialties
High Speed Copying
Rubber Stamps
Wedding Invitations
Holiday Cards
The First
Letterhead
Envelopes
Newsletters
Brochures
Carbonless Forms
Books
Business Cards
Flyers
On-Line Ordering
156
===== PAGE 159 =====

===== PAGE 160 =====

===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====

===== PAGE 163 =====

===== PAGE 164 =====

===== PAGE 165 =====
Phyllis Goldberg,
WLCJ International Vice President
2008-2010
Lara Werwa and Barbara Safer
WLCJ International Board Members
2008-2010
We are so very proud of you, Maze! Tovl
Barbara Safer, Marsha Pollack, Phyllis Goldberg
Past Florida Branch Presidents
Toddah Rabboh for all your dedication and hard work.
Sylvia Lubliner, Chair, International Israel Affairs
2006-2008
Yasher Koach on a job well done.
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
&The Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood
163
===== PAGE 166 =====
BeUWulteA■ in the New *Ifeon
Sid & Anita Garfinkel
Barry, Dana 6־ Elisa Garfinkel
Jeffery Garfinkel
Steve, Brenda, Scott & Jennifer Albert
Michael, Joni & Samantha Albert
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
Dr. Bobby, Joanne, Blake, Alec,
Olivia & Chloe Garfinkel
Kim, Doug, Lauren
& Heather Diamond
===== PAGE 167 =====
Jí.>Sltana *Java!
*WukUuj, Alt Ó un tf-nieudti a
«JIgoUIuj, & fyuLjjillUuf, Agua l^Gan
A Special '¡fJelctune
La Óun Agua amilieó, at the
fJacJ2Axuuj4iLe f}guaüU Contení
Andrea & Steven Mail
Sabrina, Zoé & Jasmine
===== PAGE 168 =====
QgAÍ ^I4J4aJ>1á2A*
ta Zuesuiane lox,
a cM-CvfifUf,, cMeaitlu^f Sweet
New IfecíA
Jl 'SUonci *Jova,
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Nina & Sophie
===== PAGE 169 =====
&e¿t WnUe¿
¿o*. a cMecUUuf,
G4U& cJÍ <2424244, NgUÁ- 2GS1
The Selevan Family
Jack
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
===== PAGE 170 =====
9+t *Ijausi cMeasit.. .Jlaue
9*1 'IfoMA <Jl04ne.. .cJlcMMlitoeAA,
9*t *7he■ Wosdd... Peace.
The Zimmermans
Elli & Charles and
Kim & Charlie
Chase, Morrie,
Bennett & Wendell
168
===== PAGE 171 =====
Harriet and Ernie Brodsky
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Ansley and Ashton Brodsky
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Lynn, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Robin, Joshua & Samantha
===== PAGE 172 =====
Qood <Jlealthr <Mop43ineA¿■ & Peace■
to■ 'hjou and *IjounA
*Jhnenaltout the. 1Ifeon.
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
Man the Camina *hjeaA.
Pninty to tfon alt the feteiAincj¿■
of tJtealih, Peace and f)04f,
The Shorstein Family
170
===== PAGE 173 =====
Mcuf, ifXUi/1 New l^eosi be a¿ iweet
oA, the, Gfjr-n't asteé hestesf, we eat
at UuA, time 0^ the qea/i
The Werwa Family
Todd, Lara, Griffith and Alana
&&U *IfJult&i
fart, a cJtealtluf, & cJlapfuj,
New yeasi
Merle & Ron Cherry
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin & Amy
Marc, Jenny, Ethan,
& Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
&e¿t WulteA,
jjoA, a cJtealtluf, & cJlap^uj,
New yee/i
Dave 6■ Phyllis Anchel
Lisa, Bill, Christopher, Rachel,
Curtis, Cindy, Allyson,
Katelynn &■ Brandon Klingner
Wendy, Jon, Kimberly
& Andrew Kiepek
Craig, Melinda, Michaela,
Jacob & Jeffrey Anchel
Robyn, Justin, Briahna, Kesha,
Sean &־ Devin Ewing
===== PAGE 174 =====
HeAt *WulteA,
jpsi a *Jíecultluf, & cttap^uf,
N&uá yea/i
£ince/te ,Wiíltei
JjOn. a cMetUtluf.,
<Jfcup4%u New ,IfeaA,
The Fletchers
Maxine & Jerry Funk
Julius & Charlotte
Dale
Gary, Sandi, Brad &Todd
Debbye, Juan & Jason
Amy, Chris
& Jordan Petersen
cMojifuf New flfea>1!
Gail, Paul
fi&it *WibkeA■ jpA. a
eM<x414141 & tMealUui
New ,IfeWi
& Liza Furman
and
Sylvia Gottlieb
Nathan, Diane,
Elizabeth, Emily
& Laura Goldman
===== PAGE 175 =====
cp'OLnina *xSovg
Neil Waite¿ lo¿ a cMaftp¿}.
& tJleaWuf■ New■ If east
Renee & Alan Gordon
Ronnie & Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natalie
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Ellie Claire,
Dana, Steve, Jack & Georgia
Mcuf, tUe G04ft4444j, l/feGA
fini+uj, fLf044 j)04f,
S <Jla^p444eA^r
QooA cMecdtlt S Peace
Bruce, Edith,
Sam & Max Horovitz
jP 'SUgvHXa, *704ג&!
לשנה טובה ומתוכה
We willt ail 044/1 jj>Ue4uíi
Wasuw&it wiúte¿ lost a
ohA telcdiu&i a Itap^uj,
G4u& UealUuf, Neta yean,
Itaftfuf, & ¿usee¿ New Ijeast
Garry & Debbie Kitay
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
Jonah, Shira & Aaron
173
===== PAGE 176 =====
היום תאמצנו
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
—High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
A ,Ifeast a¡¡ Peace, astd
fileAAinxj, to. ail the Metfthe/iA,
the Gesite/1 ¿)■anuhf,
שנה טובה
Shasta *laua
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan,
Avichai, Elior,
& Itamar Lubliner
J!. f Shasta, *lova!
Drs. Jeffrey & llene
Levenson
Annie, Brian & Eric
SeA¿ *WnlieA, jjM, a
cMa^ipsj, Si tJleaitluj,
New *Ifea/i
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay,
Whitney & Jillian
Rosenberg
Wnlusuf, So&ufoste a
Ve/up cMap^uf, S cJlealtluf,
New l^ea/i
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
& Ethan Plotkin
===== PAGE 177 =====
לשבה צובה תכתבו
Beit QdJiilvei fatb a
<JieaWuf, & jjeuoui.
New■ If eon.
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew & Dede
Morry & Rachel
Ellen & Robert Schnipper
David Schnipper
Lauren Schnipper
Deena &Jim Richman
Avi, Sara & Louis
Liz, Greg, Sofia and
Alexander Maidman
Beit IdJiitieA, jpb a
cMg41*UI & cJteoltluf,
New 1Ifeab
Beit Waltei
fab a eMeattlui &
ettcupfuf■ New■ ,Ifeab
Ellen, Barry
Leonard, Debra
& Michael Setzer
and
Benjamin, Melanie
Dena Setzer
& George Setzer
Faye & Ari Schuchman
===== PAGE 178 =====
&&U *WliUeA, jpsi a
cJíayifUf, S <JleaUluj,
New IjecA
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
Josh & Carly
L’Shana Tova
tyJiiltúuj, ,If 0*4, a
T/Uo^tde/vjjui and
cMecdtluf, ,l]east
Edward, Millie, Sam
& Jonathan Tannen
40», the J\!eu4 y^GA,
CuhA AltAÁCUf¿,...
Jtealth, cJtap^iineAA,
G*tx& Peace,
to y 044, ohA y044AÁ
The Weitzen Family
Jerry & Dianne
Michael, Mangala
Maya & Joseph
Leah &Tim Seymour
Mandy & Jeremy Harris
fie¿t l/Üi¿Ueá■ jpsi a
& cMeattluf
N&uj■ *IjeciSi
Sandy, Lynn,
Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
176
===== PAGE 179 =====
JP. '<Bbasta *Jooa to 044A■
tf-amily and tf-niondi.
May youSi yeasi to piled with
muclt naoltai and many Aimacitoi.
Jason & Sarah Agidius
Freida Andriesse
Jonathon Andriesse
lAjultUta, Zv&ufO+ie
a <Jtaa4144, & JteaUluf New Ifean.
The Berger Family
Brad & Ruthie
Eric, Tori & Hailey
New 'l/eon.
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
& Jodi Schneider
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth,
Emily & Laura Goldman
JtapMM, New Ifeon.
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Jodi Schneider
JP'Sharia *7000,
Leo, Joanne & Mary Davis
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley & Izabella
Brian, Amy & Charlotte
May 'Ifow All cJtaue, a l^ea/i a¡
Jlealtlt, cMayiyiMteAA & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny, Ethan, Samuel,
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina, Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
jH.'SUa*ta *loua
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
New *l/easi
buun Oho fyamihf■ to IjoHOi!
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline
& Amelia Ernas
===== PAGE 180 =====
WoUifUf, you a yean, &j
Jlealtlt S <M^a>p{UHeiA,
<Jicup^uf, S cJlealtluf, New, yean,.
Peace 04t Santh ta All,
Michael, Ava, Leia
& Julia Fixel
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
Íi&ít Wiiltei
jj&i a yean, filled with
ctlealth, eJíap^iúteAA, S Peace,
A cJlojCLfuf,, cJlealtluj,
S Peaceful A eta yean.
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Cara
Emily & Erik
Chary & Michael Greenburg
and Family
,WaA^neit fl4JiUtei jpn, a yean,
!¡died with <Jleolth, atlctj.iftUteAA,
and Peace,
The Levine Family
Christina, Mark,
Ellis & Ethan
/ieit ilt/nhei !&1 a cJlctfifuj,
S Jleoltluj, Neta yean,
The Levines
Bill, Stevie & Samanatha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
Jl'SUanc¡■ *Jova
Jan, Bruce,
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Wibhincj, you, a Sweet
S <Jleatthq, Neta yean,
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
& Gabrielle Margol
===== PAGE 181 =====
044/1 fe&it WaU&i jfVi a
*JlecUtluj, S «JlofifUf, Pie4AjL *l/ea/i
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda & Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
Qe¿Í l/ÜtiiieA, jj&i a
eJlapfUf, & <Jlealtluj,
New *Ife/i/i
Elaine Aston Mendelson
Belt WulteA. fan a
Jtapfuf, £ ■Aeattlu, New■ Ifea>1
Robin, Jeffery, Shira,
Aliza & Zachary Morris
A eMaoMu, AlealtUu, a*ut
Pnolpenow.1 New If eon
The Mosias Family
Steve, Irene, Stefanie,
Daniel & Mark
l/Ü4AÍU44Xf, 4f044 tUe
¿*weetneAA, ¿j a Ne4A/ 'l/ea/i
L’Shana Tova
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
Belt lAJilitel. fan a
Alecdtluf., cMap^uf■ New If eon
Mary & Leonard Selber
Lillian Friedman and
Roselyn Selber & Family
044/1 lieA¿ WulteA, jpA a
cMcvp^cuf, & cM-ecdtluf Ne4A/ l/fea/i
Judy & Steve Silverman
fi&it Wult&i jjto a y&a/1
Peace, «Jlealtlt & dcupfUne¿¿.
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
===== PAGE 182 =====
WiiUuUf ycut a *IjeaA
tf-illedt with Mgawj, lileAAiuXfi
Evan, Arlene,
Esther & Tania Yegelwel
Beit Waltei jpn a
cAealtluf. S eMap^uf, New yean
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family
Beit Wakei jjon a
cMappuf, S Jlealtluf, New yean
Laurie, Linda, Susan, Shira,
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie DuBow
A eJlappjf. S ottecdtluf. New 'LfeaA. to (Pun
fynien&i, fyanuty. S GltaauAalt
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
A eMappuf, S <M-ealtluf, New yean
Linda & Lester Edelstein
Sandra & Barbara
Dr. Walker, Mindy &־ Rachel Whaley
'WoltUUf. you a ettdflfUf.
S cMealtluf. New yean
Larry, Carla, Josh, Jeri & Sam Bernard
A Jlapyxy S dlealtluj, New yean to All
Martin, Betty, Angela
& Joshua Edwards
Beit 'Waitei jjan the New yean
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
Beit 'Waltei jpn a
ctlappuf. S aHecdtluf, New yean
Ben & Pat Frisch
Adam, Mark and Steven
May youA yean Be fyitled
with cMealtU, dlappineii S Peace
Abe &־ Shirley Bielski and Family
Beit *Waltei jjon a
Jlapyuf. S etlealtluf, New yean
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
Beit Waltei jpn a yean, off
Peace., Jleoltlt S (Jlapptuteii
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Beit Waltei jpn a yean 0^
Peace, <tlealtlt S JlappineU
Carole Goldberg, Lane Goldberg
David & Cassandra Goldberg
Eric & Sherry Goldberg
Beit 'Woltei to All G)un fynien&i
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
Jlappy. New yean
The Goldstein Family
Jeff, Doris, Ellen, Max & Aliza
===== PAGE 183 =====
Mcuf, you fee. feleAAed with Qood cMealth
Peace. & e^fapfUne¿¿ in, the New■ yean
Leslie & Eric Held
Kim, Jon, Eliza, Allie & Ayden Israel
Pelt Waite¿, fart. a
Peaceful & Jlealtluf, New yean.
The Krestul Family
Jt'Shana *looa
Bobbie Heyman & Family
Ne¿t Waite¿■ fain, a
Jie&Wuf, & Jlappq. New yean.
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
Peát Waite¿. fain. a
appuf, &. M4f New yean.
Ben Hoffenberg
Peit Waite4. fain. a yean, of¡ Peace,
cMealth S Jlappine¿¿
George & Phyllis Levin &■ Family
Peit Wühei fain. a Jlappy, & JleaUluj, New yean.
Rhoda & Norman Kagan
Donna Falyn
Jonathan &־ Lance Buring
New yean.'¿. QneetUuf¿
Kal & Judith Levinson
We Wah you ALL
a Jlappjf, JteaUluf. New yean.
Sheldon &־ Harriett Kaplan
Lee & Kevin
Ne¿t Waite¿, fan. a
eAeoLtluf, & eNap^uf, New yean.
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Wahinxj, you a cMcuppjf. & cMealtluf, yean.
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof
Tali &־ Zach
Dr. Gil, Leigh &Josh Kentof
Wan*ne¿t Wahei fam. a
eMcuppuf, & eMealiluf, New yean,
Barbara & Bennie Margol
Jl'Shana *lona
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh &Tara Kornblum
Mcuf, the Qouuucf, yean, he a <Jlap^uf. One
fan, you & youn¿.
Marilyn & Mike Mass
Marie & Irv Kowitz
Pat & Csaba Orban & Litsa
Hazzan Mitchell & Linda Kowitz
Joshua, Michael Benjamin, Shelly Marie,
Logan & Kyle
Wahinxf, you & youn¿.
a yean, o jj fyulfailntent & Peace
Jewel & Herman Miller
181
===== PAGE 184 =====
Don’t B#
Don’t B b
Just Bh
Love,
Judith Anne Naftulin Geller Nevel
Waltincj, you a yean, of Qood cMealth & Peace
The Rubens Family
George & Ellen, Joshua, Cara & Jacob
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly
JP'Pitaña *lava,
Kathy, Morrie & Ashley Lois Osterer
Matalie, Eli & Shira Menaged
Jessica & Victor Hassid
Melissa &־ Douglas Storch
A cMafLpAf, & cMealtluf, Neta yean
The Ruby Family
Margo &־ Stanley
Andrew, Catrina, Jessica & Jacob
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee & Mischa Pollock
Waltiuxf. you a cMealtluf. and
cMapfUf Neta yean
Rubye Safer, Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
Woltincf. you a yean, of Qood Jlealtlt,
cMap^Uneli, Contentment & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
Peit 'Wiilie¿. jjon a yean
aj Peace, cMealth & cMapfxineii
Gaye, Neil &Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
\Wanmeit Waltei jjon a
cMapfUf, & cMealtluf, Neta yean.
Julia, Jay, Arthur & Corey Portnoy
Matf. the Gantintf yean IvUncf tfou fJ04f &
cMapfiineii, Qood cMealtlt S Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul
Laurie, Dustin & Frankie
A oHofLfty & cMealtluf, Neta yean.
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
jP Pitaña 4tova *likataan
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Lisa & Stefanie
Ivy & Joshua Weingram
Peit Wuhei, Qood oUealtU & cMapfiy Neta yean.
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol, Douglas, Zita
& Shmuel Chaim Weinstein
tyon the Neta yean S Ahaatfi
cMealtlt, cMaplpÁneM. S Peace
Dr. Kenneth & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua, Emilie & Naomi Paige
Elizabeth & Sarah
Peit Wtiltei jjon a
cMeoltluf, & cMapfuf, Neta yean.
Alan, Ellen,
Rachel, Adam & Gabriel Rosner
Peit Waltei jjon a
cMealtluf & cMapfuf, Neta yean
Rochelle Shainbrown
===== PAGE 185 =====
Jl'Skana *Joua *lihataun
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Jl'Skaua *Joua
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan & Julie Witten
lieii ,Waite¿ to- ¿J-anuly & ¿}¿lend¿
jp¿ a floppy & Meoltluf, New■ ,If east
Joni & Harry
Adam & Kim, liana and Ross Shmunes
Neil Waite¿ jp¿ a eMappy,
eJleaLtluf, New yea¿
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex,
Jared & Ally Wolfson
Wokiup 0440 and tf-¿íe44d¿
a eJleattluf,, cMappy, Peaceful
& P¿o¿pe¿oui New ,If eon.
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
(■appy New yea¿
Anita, Jeffrey,
Jonathan, Laura & Jeremy Eli Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas & Stella Rachael Muzin
Noit Wiilte¿ jjo¿ a
eJlealtluf. & cMeuppy New yea¿
Carole & Barry Sinoff
New yea¿'¿ Q¿eetúuj¿
Dr. Mark, Roz, Rachael & Alexandra Abramson
Jl'Skcata *lava *likatauu
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Ne¿t Waite¿ jp¿ a
<14f & eJloppif, New yea¿
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
eMappy. New yea¿
Marsha Berdit & Family
QneetUuf¿ & Pe¿t Wi¿ke¿
Edward E. Bernard
WaltUuj, ,IJ044 a tf■¿uitfjul yea¿
*lull o¡ Jloue. & cMappiue¿¿
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael
and Hilda Warfield
Peit Wake¿ jp¿ a eMapptf, New yea¿
Annette & Leon Bernstein
feeit Wake¿ jp¿ a Jlappy S cMeattky New yea¿
Philip, Linda, Lauren & Sasha Bloom
A <dlapp4f. & cJlealtluf, New yea¿
Esther Weiss & Family
Waiting you a Jlealtluf, & <Jlappp New yea¿
Naomie & Bob Bossen
Pe¿t Wake¿ jp¿ a Jleoltluf, & dlapp¿/, New yea¿
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
jH'Skana *Joua
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Stephanie, Kyler &Taryn
Peit Wake¿ jp¿ a <JleaUluf. New yea¿
Becky Bromberg
PeU Waite¿ jp¿ a cMeoltluf, & eMappp New yea¿
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
===== PAGE 186 =====
cP’Ol.nwa gToi/cr
A eJleattlu, £ cMappt, New *IfeaA
David, Sonya, Gabrielle & Joel Cohen
Be¿t *Waite¿ jpA a Alappy, £ aHeottluf. New *IfeaA
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
*7a one and oil, have a wondeAfptl New !jean.
Jerry & Kathy Cohn
Beit *Waite¿ jj0A a Alapptf, New *IfeaA
Arthur Hurwitz
Beit *Waite¿■ jj0A a Alappu, £ Aleattluf, New *IfeaA
Jack & Anita Dittman
Ricky, Elaine, Lauren & Erica Mack
Beit *Waite¿ Jjoa a Aleattlu, New *IfeaA
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
Beit *Waite¿ jjOA tlte New *IfeaA
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
,WtiJutUf y&u a Newu■ 7/1 tilled with masuj,
fileAAdlujA &¡ Peace, Jtecdllt S <Jlopaline¿¿
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
Alappuf, £ Peaceful New *IfeaA
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
Alappu, New *IfeaA
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Jl'Sltana *loua
Judy & Saul Eisen & Family
A Alappuf, £ eJleattluf, New *IfeaA to All
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
Jl 'Sltana *Iowa to■ All
The Ferman Family
A Alappuf,, Aleattlu, New *IfeaA
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsch Kravitz
Jl'Bltana *looa,
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
Jl'Sltana *loua
Hank, Ellen, Lauren & Jessica Kopp
and Phyllis Fried
A Alappy £ Aleattlu, New *IfeaA to All
Beverly Geller & Family
Qua Beit *Waite¿ piA a Alappt,, Alealtlu, New *IfeaA
Naomi & Larry Lazar
Alappu, New *IfeaA,
Bonnie Gelman
Alappuf, New *IfeaA
Bernie & Joan Marón & Family
Jl'Sltana *foaa
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
ctlapfu, New *IfeaA
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
Jl'Sltana *loua,
Sol & Hilda Goldman
JlappA, New *IfeaA
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg
and Sharon Michaels
Jl'&ltana *loua
The Goodman Family
Jl'Sltana *Joua
Dr. Edward &Judy Mizrahi & Family
A Alappy £ Aleattluf, New *IfeaA,
to nut ¿J-anUlu £ rf-A.¿end¿
Use Gottlieb
Alappuf, New *IfeaA
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Sara, Dena, Jonathan & Debra
A Alapp4f, £ Aleattlu, New *IfeaA,
May Grann & Family
Jt'Sltana *Joua
Steven, Faye, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
jB'Sltana *looa
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
Beit *Waite¿ (oa a Alapptf, New *IfeaA
Jeanette Newman & Family
184
===== PAGE 187 =====
Jd \Picana *Iowa u ‘ Metnhalc
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
Peit Waite¿ jj0¿ a Jlealtlcy A ecu Ijea/c
Nathan & Thelma Schneider
Peit 'l/Oiilte¿. jjoi a eMajipq, £ Uleattluj. /lew■ ,Ijea/c
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
Jlappy A ecu ljea/1
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
Peace, etlapfUne¿¿ £ Jlealth to■ AU
Anita & Allan Perlman
Ann, Leon & Arlene Silke
Cheryl & Greg Benisch Family
Wendy, Ron a Lauren Feinberg
<UlapeUne¿¿, Peace £ Qood eMealth
Ron & Lita Poehlman
cMapfUf, £ etteattlcy A ecu ,ljea/1 to ^januty £ ¿foiendi
Doris & Fred Singer
Peit ,Waite4■ fra a eAopptf. £ Jlealtluf, /1 ecu■ ,ljea/1
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Peit Waltei jjO¿ a Peaceful A ecu Ijea/c
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
Peit Waite¿■ jjOO a dlapptf. £ cMealtluf. A ecu■ ,l/ea/1
Arlene, Jerry & Jason Rademan
Alyssa & Matthew Siegel
A etlapcpy £ cMeaUluf, Aecu Qjea/i
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Wcilttna a *JlcvKtfUf, £ JleaMui. A ecu ,ljea/1
to all the j)GG fyatnilcei
The Raikes Family
Jd'Picana *Jeua, ,Ija'll
Karen & Phil Sterman
JlapfUf. £ c/Leedtluf A ecu Ijea/c
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
WiiltinCf, Zue/cyone a eMappy £ Uteattlcy Aecu ,Ijea/c
Joan & Ben Talpalar
Peit Waltei jjM. a Peaceful A ecu ,Ijea/c
Rick, Claudia, Joshua & Jodie Rosenberg
A etfappy, eMeatthy £ Peaceful Aecu ,ljea/1 to All
Harry & Dot Verstandig
Wahinf Zue/ufone a ctlappif, £ cAealtluf, A ecu ,ljea/1
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Peit Waltei jjO¿ a Alappy £ Jlealtlcy Aecu *Ifea/c
Sumner & Joan Waitz
A Alappy■ £ i tluj, A ecu Ijea/i
Bernard & Celia Sachs
A cMappy, Jtealtlcy £ Peaceful Aecu ,Ijea/c
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow &־ Family
Jlapptf, A ecu ,ljea/1
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair,
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
atloppy Aecu Ijea/c
Daniel, Cathy, Life, Mari,
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
May *lit■a A ecu ljea/1 Pnlny Jlappine¿¿ £ Peace to
,If act and *Jltoie ,If act Jtoue
Frances Schemer & Family
Peit Waltei jjon. a Jlappy £ JlealtUy Aecu ,Ijea/c
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
A yean, In wiuxdt
AIL 4f0uA, ¿í-o*uíeít d'Qsp&i Game *Itute
Margaret Schemer, &־ Phyllis &־ Marvin Gross
Peit Waltei jjo¿ a aPealthy £ Ulappy Aecu ,ljea/1
Edward & Bunny Witten
Wolccny Zoe/cyone UlapyUne¿¿ and
Qood eAealilt jjOA, the A ecu ,ljea/1
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Peit Waltei jjon. a etlappy £ <Jlealtlcy Aecu ,ljea/1
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin & George Setzer
David, Priscilla, Jason,
Matthew &■ Shoshana Schmerer
<Jlappy £ Jleattluf Aecu ,ljea/1
Murray & Chickee Yegelwel
===== PAGE 188 =====
Peace., Cjood <MecUth & oPap^ueveM. the Newt yean
Elsie Yellin
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik & Family
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler &־ Family
Phyllis Paul Lewis & Family
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Anne Benjamin & Family
Hilda Lewit & Family
Brian & Judie Benwick
Clara & Milton Mann
Pollie Copans
Hilda Mazo & Family
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson & Brenna Dacks
Lillian Meizlik
Mot¡, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Dr. David & Judy B. Mizrahi
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Ira & Evelyn Peck
Sandi Driben
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
Harriette Ehrlich
Leon Robins & Family
Ruth Fagan
William Rose
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Marilyn D. Freedman
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Helen Goldman & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Roz & Faye Goodman
Minnie Schreiber
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Mr. 6־ Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
Diane &־ Allen Gray & Family
Leah & Iris Solomon
Julie Halpern & Family
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier &• Family
The Honigmans
Barbara Teitelman & Family
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Thompkins
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Jean Weinberg &־ Family
Lil Koegler & Family
Alan & Sandy Weiss
Walter & Syliva Kraemer
Sandy & Martin Weiss & Family
Dorothy S. Legum
Mr. & Mrs. Benjamin Zimmerman
Paula Lerner
Zipora Zucker
===== PAGE 189 =====
Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 • Fax: 448-5715
www.jewishjacksonville.org
The officers, board members and staff of Federation wish the members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a Happy and Healthy New Year!
The Jewish Federation is the only organization in our community conducting an
annual campaign benefiting the JCA, River Garden, JFCS, the Jewish Foundation,
all local synagogues, the Jewish Agency for Israel and the Joint Distribution Committee. All
synagogues in Jacksonville receive an allocation from Federation.
One of Federation’s priorities is support of Jewish education. We are proud to fund the
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and to work together as co-sponsors of Family University.
Federation funds the Torah Academy of Jacksonville now in its 5th year of operation. This fall
marks the third year for our Jewish community’s Hebrew High program, Beit Midrash, to fall
under Federation.
Journeys to Israel for our youth make all the difference in the world. We are proud to
support the Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program and birthright Israel.
Community Relations, Missions, Leadership Development and planning make up the
Federations’s agenda.
We pray this will be a wonderful year for the members of our Jewish community and our
fellow Jews living in Israel and throughout the world.
Leonard Setzer, President Alan Margolies, Executive Director
-Executive Committee-
President
Leonard Setzer
Campaign Chair
and 1 st Vice President
Gary Perlman
Vice Presidents
Debbie Parker
Michael Solloway
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Francine Kempner
Treasurer
Larry Appel
Secretary
Leonardo Maiman
Women’s Campaign Chair
Rori Stevens
Immediate Past President
Leslie Held
Presidential Appointee
Mitchell Levine
Foundation
!—Board of Trustees—!
Fiscal Year 2008 - 2009
Richard Sisisky, President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Loretta Cornelius
*Michael Donziger, Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards, Sec.
Dr. Ronald Elinoff
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq., V.P.
*Mel Gottlieb, Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Kenneth B. Jacobs, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe, CIMA
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Marsha Pollock
Neil Presser, CPA, Trustee
*Stephen Silverman, Trustee
Stacie Wilf
Sandy Zimmerman
Barry Zisser, Esq.
*Past President
Of Blessed Memory
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees wishes you and yours
L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year.”
This year, while you are contemplating your blessings, consider the many programs of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. What a better time than Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, when
we are looking into the eyes of those we love and thanking G-d, to make a commitment to
perpetuate a family tradition off supporting Jewish causes.
Please remember the Jacksonville Jewish Center while doing your estate planning.
Contact the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation to learn more about the many opportunities to
include the Center and other Jewish causes you care about in your estate planning and in your
will.
Call (904) 394-0720 to create your Jewish legacy.
P. O. Box 24847 • Jacksonville, Forida 32241
Phone: 904*394*0720 Fax: 904*394*0956
187
===== PAGE 190 =====
Community Agencies
‘Dowd Á. S^téirv
Jewish Community Alliance
tyrv (n& LJ¿ ra/lAeAs OorvwMwdñ
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone (904) 7302100־, Fax (904) 7302444־, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
The JCA offers so many wonderful new Jewish programs and activities. We continue
to serve the Jewish community more completely and better each year. We strive to welcome
all and share our Jewish traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to strengthen Jewish life, serve as a common meeting
ground, and enhance the quality of life of the entire community. To aid us in that mission,
the JCA has a 4,500־square־foot, state-of-the-art fitness center with more than 100 pieces
of strength and cardiovascular equipment, a remodeled adult lounge, a new pottery and arts
studio, a new aerobics area and additional classrooms for the Early Childhood Education
program.
The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high-quality programs for
people of all ages including: accredited summer camp and preschool, Mommy and Me, after
school care, young family programs, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer, J Institute, mature adult
activities, youth theatre, fitness and recreational programs, Machón Aviv, Young Concert
Artist series, All Things Jewish, culture and arts programs, and by providing a place for
family, “neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other 10-
cal synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and celebrations.
Some of the fabulous programs include: Ask the Rabbi, Jewish Book Festival, special film
showings of “Look to the Sky” and “A Life Apart - Hasidism in America,” and Celebrate
Israel celebration.
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to
be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to all.
Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs — after all, YOU ALREADY
BELONG.
The JCA is the common meeting ground for the entire Jewish Community.
Shalom!
JCA
2008 - 20009—
Executive Board
David C. Miller
President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Jan Lipsky
Vice President
Katie Kight
Secretary
Charles Berman
Treasurer
Suzette Allen
At Large
Malcolm Bloom
At Large
Brian Mendelson
At Large
David A. Stein
Honorary Chairman
Steve Sherman
Past President
Kenneth B. Jacobs
Past President
Myron Flagler
Executive Director
188
===== PAGE 191 =====
Community Agencies
River Garden
Excellence in Adult Care and Services
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • 260-1818 • www.rivergarden.org
Governor’s Gold Seal Award for Excellence in Long-Term Care
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long...” It was this
commandment, which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home
in 1946. It was this commandment, which nourished the love, and care that
for more than sixty years has made River Garden a nationally recognized
model of excellence in its field. It was this commandment that made it
necessary to create a Home that is welcoming to families and encourages the
use of it as an extension of family space. River Garden residents are part of
the community not apart from it.
River Garden Hebrew Home is the anchor of a growing system of elder
services including the Home, The Coves, The Therapy Center, Resident Care
Services Program and Home Health Agency. The success of River Garden
is based on the tradition of meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community
needs and of serving rich and poor alike with excellence. The River Garden
Foundation accepts donations to help River Garden continue to meet its
mission. This would not be possible without substantial charitable support
from the community and the work of The River Garden Foundation to
stimulate planned gift annuities, trusts and bequests.
River Garden’s programs of short-stay rehabilitation, respite care,
long-term residential care, Alzheimer’s/Dementia care, Adult Day Program,
and outpatient therapies serve hundreds of people a day. These programs are
guided by a devoted, professional full time staff of over 275. Staff includes
physicians, nurses, certified nursing assistants, social workers, pharmacists,
activities specialists, beauticians, physical, occupational and speech
therapists, dieticians, and other support staff. In addition, scores of dedicated
volunteers help create a special caring community.
River Garden’s 35-acre Mandarin campus containing lush Florida
landscape, private lake, and meandering walking paths is the perfect setting
for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community where people live,
love and care. It is a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content,
and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the
Fifth Commandment.
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Fred Tromberg
Vice President:
Ron Elinoff
Vice President:
Michael Greenburg
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Secretary:
Allen Gray
Treasurer:
Edward Grenadier
River Garden Hebrew Home
President:
Janis Fleet
Vice Pres./Admissions: Mark Lodinger
Vice Pres./Admissions: Skip Willbach
Vice President/House: Jack Price
Secretary:
Judy Paul
Treasurer:
Cindy Demri
River Garden Foundation
President:
Stacie Wilf
Vice President:
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President:
Debby Harris
Vice President:
Curtis Hazel
Secretary:
Veronica Maybury
Treasurer:
Jeffrey R. Edwards
The Coves Board
President:
Michael Lissner
Vice President:
C. Donald Romo
Vice President:
Lois Schlesinger
Secretary:
Shirley Bielski
Treasurer:
Dennis Lafer
River Garden
FOUNDATION
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established
to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services.
This elegant yet affordable retire-
ment community is located on River Gar-
den’s 35 acre campus in Mandarin.
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit River
Garden Holding Company, The Coves
offers comfort, security, clubhouse living
and the opportunity for continued growth
during the retirement years, in a Jewishly
sponsored environment.
189
===== PAGE 192 =====
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904)733-6696
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide comfortable
and pleasant surroundings. From the
initial concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens
has strived to create respectable
living, providing more than housing.
Mt. Carmel Gardens offers a 17-story
building on a beautifully landscaped
site, 24-hour staffing, community
facilities, and planned programs, all
of which were developed as part of
an overall concept ... a concept of
responding to the desires of retirees for
security, comfort, safety, independence
and the enrichment of stimulating
social-recreational activities shared
with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens
is conveniently located, with
transportation, shopping, hospital and
doctor’s offices nearby.
Mt. Carmel Officers
and Board of Directors
President
Ben Lewis, DDS
Vice President
Helen Werking, E.D.
Memories of Love Foundation
Secretary
Anne Storch
Board Members
Neil Ambrus
Louise Axelberg, LCSW
Dolores Dworetsky
Jerry Harward
Ardene Halpern
Galina Voloshin
Board Members Emeritus
Jack & Helene Coleman
Community Agencies
JEWISH
FAMILY&
COMMUNITY
SERVICES
Changing lives for better tomorrows
6261 Dupont Station Court East
Jacksonville, FL 32217 • Phone 448-1933
Jewish Family & Community Services is here for you
JFCS is here to provide needed services to
Jacksonville’s Jewish community and beyond. Members of
our Jewish Community are always our priority.
Our goal is to fully meet the needs of the Jewish
community while providing significant services to the
broader community in the Jewish tradition of tikkun 01am.
JFCS provides services for every phase of the life cycle, from birth (adoption)
to end of life (Jewish Hospice) and for all the life challenges in between by offering
counseling, support groups, children’s programs, financial assistance and senior
services including, Jewish Healing Network and our new Medical Advocate Program
(MAP). The positive impact of these programs is seen and felt by members of the
Jewish community who come through our doors everyday.
The programs JFCS offer tie threads together to change a life. And that one
life will touch many others. On behalf of our board, staff and clients we are offering
sincere thanks to our Jewish community for making it possible for JFCS to provide
services to our Jewish citizens, of all ages and backgrounds.
Thank you.
Iris T. Young
1—JFCS Officers—ן
2008 - 2009
President
Isabel Tanenbaum
First Vice President
Howard Caplan
Vice Presidents
Bruce Glassman
Erica Jolles
Francine Kempner
Anne Lufrano
Glenn Ullmann
Chairman
David Garfinkel
JFCS PROGRAMS FOR THE JEWISH COMMUNITY
NEW PROGRAMS Older Adult Services
• Geriatric Care Management
• Support Groups, Counseling and
Educational programs
• Community Kosher Nutrition Program
• Kosher Kart
• Transportation (CALL2G0)
Jewish Healing Network
Healing Gatherings
Hospice
• Jewish Hospice Connection
• Haven Hospice Program
Adoption
Career Directions
Camp Scholarships
College Loans
Medical Advocate Program (MAP): MAP pro-
vides a Geriatric Care Manager to accompany
individuals to their medical appointments,
advocate for them, take notes and provide a
summary report to the senior and/or family,
and ongoing follow up.
Koleinujax: An info sharing web-site for par-
ents of Jewish children with special needs.
Counseling - Workshops - Groups
• Bereavement Support
• Club Sandwich - Caregiver Support
• Two Faiths One Heart - Interfaith
Support Group
• “Minds in Motion!” - Supportive
educational services
Emergency Financial Assistance
• Rent • Deposits • Utilities ־ Case
Management
• FANN (Feed A Needy Neighbor)
• Indigent Burial Service
For additional information visit our web-site at www.jfcsjax.org or call 448-1933.
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
Community Organizations
Hadassah
We are the largest Jewish, the largest volunteer, the
largest women’s membership organization in the United
States with 300,000 members and associates in every state,
each Congressional District, and in more than 30 countries
around the world. Hadassah is dedicated to educating and
empowering women about their health, their rights, their
religion, and Israel by providing leadership and training in
every community through our extensive network of 1600
chapters and groups.
Our educational activities include Jewish and women’s
issue-oriented programs, study groups, and educational and
leadership training institutes and academies such as Youth
Programs — Al Galgalim and Wheeling On which offer
holiday based programming for children and their families
teaching them how to celebrate Shabbat and the Jewish
holidays together. Other activites are Check It Out® which
are breast and testicular health awareness programs for
teens and adults, the Education and Action for a Healthy
Tomorrow program for the prevention of osteoporosis, heart
disease, breast/colon cancer, and HPV (human papilloma
virus), and the Read״Write״Now volunteer tutoring programs
to improve reading and writing skills in grades 1-6.
Hadassah’s projects are the Hadassah Medical
Organization (HMO), which provides state-of-the-art health
care to nearly a million patients a year regardless of race,
religion, or nationality, Hadassah College Jerusalem, Young
Judaea, Youth Aliyah/Children at Risk and the Jewish
National Fund. Please visit our website www.hadassah.org
for more information on these incredible projects.
The Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah consists of four
groups throughout the city and the beaches. It would be my
pleasure to discuss which group would best suit your interests.
Feel free to contact me, Lin Pomerantz, at 904.923.8030
or linpomer@comcast.net.
American Friends of Magen David Adorn ־ ARMDI
Founded as a First Aid Society in 1930, Magen David Adorn
is continually evolving. The INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS
has accepted MDA as a full member and ARMDI added American
Friends of Magen David Adorn to it’s official name in the United
States.
MDAresponds to all medical emergencies, from pregnancies,
heart attacks, strokes and illness to traffic accidents, work-related
injuries and terror attacks - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, year
after year. Within minutes, one of MDA’s rescue units arrive on
the scene. Trained volunteers and professional medical responders
administer immediate help or transport the patient to a hospital.
They continually train to upgrade and maintain their skills and to
keep abreast of the latest technology.
In Jacksonville, we raise needed funds. Mishloach Manot
cards and Cards & Certificates proceeds have been used to replenish
MDA ambulances and First Aid Stations in the Hadera-Eiron
Region with replacement equipment, Bandaids and Bandages. Vera
& Mort Benjamin, 387-9372 can offer suggestions and then send
them for you. Each $1 donated to our puzzle project also helps. If
you would like to make a contribution to this fund, please send a
check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4543 Rock River Road W, Jacksonville
FL 32224; your name will go on the back of a puzzle piece donated
to a local shelter while the funds go directly to Israel.
Our annual raffle helps the MDA National Blood Service
Center meet 100% of the blood and plasma needs of the IDF
and 95% of the rest of the country. It is currently undergoing
modernization and expansion of its research and blood storage
facilities. Without the help of volunteers like Ray Hardy this would
not be possible.
The MDA Israel Cord Blood Bank Center removes stem
cells from the cord blood donated by parents of healthy babies,
as well as tests, types and store these to be primarily used to treat
cancers and blood disasters.
With a fiscal year of 1 Jan - 31 Dec - it’s the same as the
calendar year. Show your support for the State of Israel for only
$25 or $200 Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh
by joining today and be paid thru 31 Dec 2009. Mail to Mitzvah
ARMDI, 10323 Docksider Drive E, Jacksonville, FL 32257
For us its only a check, for them it could mean life itself
2008 -2009 Presidents
Chapter
Lin Pomerantz
Aronson Health Care Professionals Group:
Sondar Resnikoff
Shir Li:
Lisa Bergman
Tammy Shuman
Tikva:
Joanne Rosenberg
Yamit:
Judi Robert
Susan Sidle
2008 -2009 Officers of the
Mitzvah Chapter Magen David Adorn-
Wendy Honigman & Joan Waitz
Hana Schindler
Elisheva Shields
Dr George Glossman
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Vera & Mort Benjamin
Ray Hardy
Publicity: Michael Lewyn
Bulletin: Pricilla Schmerer
Raffle: Meir Cohen
Retention: Deb Hanlon
Board: Dr. Joseph Honigman,
Carol & Harvey Matoren, Dr. Andrew Sauer,
Naomi Lazar, Penny Powell
Emeritus Board: Ilse Gottlieb, Drs. Chiel & Olga Wind
Co-Presidents:
Executive Vice-President:
Membership Coordinator:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Cards/Donations:
Outreach:
191
===== PAGE 194 =====
Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
Preschoolers, River
Garden and Mount
Carmel residents,
recipients of shelach
manot delivered by
the Martin J. Gottlieb
Middle School Mitzvah Program for Purim 2007, Community
Yom HaAtzmaut celebration and Family University, as well
as other community events.
Many thanks are owed to the many volunteers who
continue to give freely of themselves to make this program
so successful.
The group is always looking for new trainees and
hopes to sponsor additional training sessions for both adults
and teens in the sixth grade or older during the coming year.
If you are interested, please contact Vivo at lenjorge@
comcast.net or Gigibell at gigi-18@comcast.net
The goal of the
Jacksonville Mitzvah
Clowns is to create
a self perpetuating
corps of local Mitzvah
Clowns available for
periodic visits and special programs at local facilities, as well
as participation in local programs which serve the Jewish
community and the general community. The Mitzvah Clown
program seeks to bring smiles, companionship and cheer to
sick and aged people while at the same time enhancing self-
confidence and creating a joy of doing mitzvot among the
Mitzvah Clown participants. The program also seeks to instill
in the participants a level of comfort when performing the
mitzvah of bikkur holim.
The Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns have participated
in various community events during the past year including
bringing laughter with their crazy antics to Center
192
===== PAGE 195 =====
Directory of Advertisers
Ford, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney, Safer & Hamptom, P.A. -
Robert M. Morgan
Eliot J. Safer 144
Freidlin, Al -
Watson Reality Corp 106
G
Gate Petroleum Company 36
Gay, W.W. -
Mechanical Contractor, Inc 132
George H. Hewell & Son
Funeral Home 63
Goldfield & Associates - Ira E.
Goldfield, CLU, ChFC 64
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc 110
Greene ־ Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
Grenamyer, Liz Catering by 58
H
Citi Smith Barney -
Jerald I.Seebol CFP 108
Claude Nolan Cadillac 124
Cohen, Raymond - Invitations ....150
CPT - Center for
Physical Therapy 112
Crown Trophy 148
Cruise Planners -
Sheree Spriggs 140
D
Dan Harris PhotoArt 48
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D., PA.
Pediatric & Adolescent
Otolaryngology 144
Dave & Buster’s 50
DeLand Entertainment 51
Digger Capital Management, Inc.
Scott M. Balotin 34
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center
N. Fred Eaglstein D.O.,P.A 150
Doing Dishes 47
A
AA Susies Limousine,Inc 152
Abramson, Mark L. M.D.,P.A 106
Acura of Orange Park 1
Acuvision Fine Eyewear
Gallery 110
A Fantasy in Flowers 59
Afforable Water 26
AgrlProcessors South 150
AIC American International
Communication, Inc 34
Arby’s Restaurant 110
Ardus Design Group 140
Ardus Event Productions 49
Ashford Services 146
A Social Affair ־ Production
& Entertainment 58
Assessment Technologies
Group 134
Athens Cafe 114
Atlantic Security 108
Audi Jacksonville 1
Augustine Landing 120
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 146
Hall’s - Ace
Hardware & Nurseries 110
Ham, Bob Eyewear 26
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 62
Hartman, Blitch &
GartsideCPA 36
Hazel, Curtis - Greene - Hazel &
Associates Inside Back Cover
Heirlooms - a culinary café
& market 26
Hewell, George H. and Son
Funeral Homes 63
Homewood Suites Hilton ־
St. Johns Town Center 128
Hyundai of Orange Park 1
I
Invitations By Raymond 150
Impressions 45
J
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group .. 1
Jacksonville Light Bulb
Delivery, Inc 12
E
Eaglstein, Fred N., D.O.,P.A.
DLC Dermatology &
Laser Center 150
E.H.Thompson Company 146
Embassy Suites Hotel 118
Encore Events &
Entertainment ....126
Epping Forest Yacht Club 40
Evergreen Cemetry 83
Evolution - The Salon Source 102
F
Far East Brokers &
Consultants Inc 106
Farmers Market 2
Favorite Studios Photography 52
Fickling Brothers 154
First Coast Supply 20
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc 106
Florida Sound
Engineering Co., Inc 36
Florida Wilbert, Inc 26
FOA Florida Oncology Associates -
Jeffrey A. Bubis
DO.,F.A.C.O.I.,F.A.C.R 10
Football Fanatics 142
B
Back Yard Carnivals 136
Balloon Decorating Specialists 43
Balotin, Scott M. - Digger Capital
Management, Inc 34
Bam Solar Power 140
Bartram Park Family
ENT Back Cover
Barzak, Rabbi Israel J. - Mohel 43
BDT Concepts, Inc 102
Berman Bros., Inc 36
Bistro Aix 14
Bloch Publishing Company 122
Blosam Constructors, Inc 26
Bob Ham Eyewear 26
Borland-Groover Clinic 28
Brandon Pest Control 150
Bubis, Jeffrey A.,
Florida Oncology Associates ....10
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 102
C
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 12
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 58
Cathy’s Creations 47
193
===== PAGE 196 =====
Directory of Advertisers
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, PA.
Evan J.Yegelwel 110
The Jaffe Group of Wachovia
Securities, LLC
Barbara G. Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman 152
The Ice Man 108
The Jacksonville Bank 36
The Lodge & Club 40
The Loop Pizza Grill 14
The River Club 40
Thompson, E.H. Company 146
Tile Market OF San Marco 154
Tumbling Kids 104
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 6
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 154
Volkswagen of Orange Park 1
W
Wachovia Bank, NA 4
Waitz & Moye, Inc 36
Wasserman, Marcia - Invitations ...51
Watson Plumbing 84
Watson Realty - Al Freidlin 106
Weinstein, Linda -
J P Perry Insurance 130
Willamsburg
Travel Management 45
Windham Events & Design 56
Winn Dixie 8
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D., PA. -
Pediatric & Adolescent
Otolaryngology 144
Y
Yegelwel, Evan J. - Terrell Hogan Ellis
Yegelwel, PA 110
Z
Zimmerman, Brad ־
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
Zimmerman, Sandy -
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
P
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store 58
Patten School Bus
Services, Inc 140
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa ...148
Piner’s Lock & Safe 106
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 40
Postal Annex+ -
Your Home Office 26
PRI Productions 54
Process Master, Inc 102
Publix Supermarkets 12
R
Ramada Conference Center 148
Ramfis Photographic 46
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D 102
Rogozinski
Orthopedic Clinic, PA 112
S
Safer, Eliot J. -
Ford, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney, Safer &
Hampton PA 144
Sandler, Graig W. D.V.M. -
Lakewood Animal Clinic 110
Sandler, Jeffrey M.D.,FACS -
Bartram Park Family ENT
.....Back Cover
Seebol, Jerald I. -
Citi smith barney 108
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D
& Associates 104
Shorstein, Michael A. -
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys
At Law, PA 24
Southern Monument
Company, Inc 60
Spivak’s, Mark Institute of Fine
Arts Dance Extention 104
Spriggs, Sheree -
Cruise Planners 140
Stein Mart 114
T
3 Sisters Chocolate 152
TCS -
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc 142
J
J P Perry Insurance -
Linda Weinstein 130
J&R Productions 52
Jaffe, Barbara G. -
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
Jaffe Rug Gallery 154
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Jewish National Fund 24
Just Print It! 102
K
Kan-Ki Japanese Steakhouse
& Sushi Bar 138
Kaplan, Sheldon J., Ph.D
& Associates 104
Kelly, Brian T. - Shorstein & Kelly
Attorney’s At Law, PA 24
Ken Godwin Studio
Photographic Art 55
Kirby Rental 58
Kuhn Flowers 44
L
Larry’s Giant Subs 84
La Tienda Jewelry 44
Lakewood Animal Clinic 110
L & L Limousine 53
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 152
Levine Orthodontics -
Mitchell R. Levine
Inside Front Cover
M
Marcia Wasserman - Invitations ....51
Mark Spivak’s - Institute of
Fine Arts Dance Extension 104
Margo's Catering 42
Mattox, Tommy -
Private Investor 110
Mediterrania Restaurant 36
Minuteman Press 156
Morris & Morris PA., CPA 114
Mount Carmel Gardens Inc 83
0
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 57
194
===== PAGE 197 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Candy - Confectionery
3 Sisters Chocolate 152
Carpet - Rugs - Service
Jaffe Rug Gallery 154
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Process Master Inc 102
Catering
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 58
Heirlooms - a culinary café
& market 26
Margo’s Catering 42
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery 83
Ceramic Products - Decorative
Doing Dishes 47
Communications
AIC American International
Communications, Inc 34
Atlantic Security 108
Computer ־ Parts ־ Service ־
Software & Service
BDT Concepts, Inc 102
Counseling
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D &
Associates 104
Dancing Instruction
A Social Affair - Production
& Entertainment 58
Mark Spivak’s Institute of
Fine Arts Dance Extension 104
Decorator Linens
Kirby Rental 58
Dentist
Harris L. Rittenberg D.M.D 102
Levine Orthodontics -
Mitchell R. Levine
Inside Front Cover
Drywall
Fickling Brothers 154
195
Automobile Dealers
Claude Nolan Cadillac 124
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group... 1
Acura of Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Hyundai of Orange Park
Volkswagen of Orange Park
Award Products
Crown Trophy 148
Balloons - Novelty & Decorative
Balloon Decorating Specialists ....43
Cathy’s Creations 47
Party City ־ The Discount
Party Super Store 58
Banks
The Jacksonville Bank 36
Wachovia Bank, NA 4
Bathroom Restoration
Ashford Services 146
Beauty Salons -
Services - Supply
Evolution ־ The Salon Source 102
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 146
Beverage Catering
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 57
Birthday Party Inflatable Rentals
BackYard Carnivals 136
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors Inc 26
W.W. Gay Mechanical
Contractor, Inc 132
Burial Vaults
Florida Wilbert, Inc 26
Business Consultants
Assessment
Technologies Group 134
Calligraphers
Impressions 45
Accounting Services
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside CPA 36
Morris & Morris PA, CPA 114
Acoustical Contractor
Fickling Brothers 154
Adoption
Shorstein & Kelly - Attorney’s
At Law PA 24
Air Conditioning -
Heating Commercial
TCS Total Comfort
Solutions, Inc 142
Apparel Children
Stein Mart 114
Apparel Men
Stein Mart 114
Apparel Women
Stein Mart 114
Appliance - Sales - Service
First Coast Supply 20
Architects - Planners
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc 106
Robert S. Fleet, AIA
Janis K. Fleet, AICP
Attorneys
Ford, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney Safer &
Hampton PA 144
Eliot J. Safer
Robert M. Morgan
Shorstein & Kelly
Attorney At Law PA 24
Brian T. Kelly
Michael A. Shorstein
Terrall Hogan Ellis
Yegelwel RA 110
Evan J. Yegelwel
Audio - Visual - Equipment
Renting & Leasing
PRI Productions 54
===== PAGE 198 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Hardware
Hall’s - Ace Hardware
& Nurseries 110
Hotels
Embassy Suites Hotel 118
Homewood Suites Hilton -
St. Johns Town Center 128
Ramada Conference Center 148
Human Resources
Assessment
Technologies Group 134
Ice & Ice Machines
The Ice Man 108
Importing - General
Far East Brokers
& Consultants Inc 106
Insurance
Goldfield & Associates 64
Ira E. Goldfield CLU,ChFC
Greene - Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
J P Perry Insurance 130
Linda Weinstein
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 6
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Investment Advisors
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 102
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen
Citi smith barney 108
Jerald I. Seebol CFP
Digger Capital
Management, Inc 34
Scott M. Balotin
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovica Securities, LLC 152
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Invitations & Announcements
Impressions 45
Florists
A Fantasy in Flowers 59
Encore Events
& Entertainment 126
Kuhn Flowers 44
Floor Maintenance ־ Restoration
Ashford Services 146
Food Service & Equipment
AgriProcessors South 150
E. H.Thompson Company 146
Fund Raisers - Services
Ardus Event Productions 49
BackYard Carnivals 136
Encore Events
& Entertainment 126
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell & Son
Funeral Homes 63
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
& Cemeteries 62
Gifts - Antiques - Specialty
3 Sisters Chocolate 152
Crown Trophy 148
Football Fanatics 142
Postal Annex+
Your Home Office 26
Glass ־ Automobile -
Plate ־ Window -
Residential & Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 152
Golf Courses
Pontevedra Inn & Club 40
Graphic Design
Raymond W. Cohen 150
Grocers
Publix Supermarkets 12
Winn Dixie 8
Gymnastics & Fitness
Tumbling Kids 104
Engineering - Planning &
Surveyors
Waitz& Moye, Inc 36
Engraving
Crown Trophy 148
Entertainment
BackYard Carnivals 136
Dave & Busters 50
DeLand Entertainment 51
Encore Events & Entertainment ..126
J&R Productions 52
Event Planning
Backyard Carnivals 136
Balloon Decorating Specialists 43
Cathy’s Creations 47
Dave & Busters 50
Encore Events
& Entertainment 126
J&R Productions 52
PRI Productions 54
Windham Events & Design 56
Financial Planning Consultants
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 102
Jan D. Butensky
Allen A. Cohen
Citi smith barney 108
Jerald I. Seebol CFP
Goldfield & Associates 64
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU ChFC
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Financial Services Provider
Wachovia Bank, NA 4
Fine Jewelry
La Tienda Jewelry 44
Floor Covering
Ficking Brothers 154
196
===== PAGE 199 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Borland - Groover Clinic 28
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R.Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffrey S. Hoffman, M.D.,Ph.D
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
HongT.Tek, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Augusto Lopez-Torrez, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
NassimY. El Hajj, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Melody A. Perez,ARNP
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
John Charles, PA-C
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Cathy A. Schan, PA-C
CPT - Center for
Physical Therapy 112
Sam Rogozinski
Monuments
Southern Monument
Company Inc 60
National Organizations
Jewish National Fund 24
Notary
Postal Annex-1-
Your Home Office 26
Nurseries - Plants
Hall’s - Ace
Hardware & Nurseries 110
Opticians
Acuvision Fine
Eyewear Gallery 110
Bob Ham Eyewear 26
Party Inflatable Services
Backyard Carnivals 136
Party Supplies
Party City - The Discount
Party Superstore 58
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 150
Petroleum - Retail & Wholesale
Gate Petroleum Company 36
Photo Booth
Dan Harris Photo Art 48
Photography
Dan Harris Photo Art 48
Favorite Studios Photography 52
J&R Productions 52
Ken Godwin Studio 55
Ramfis Photographic 46
Physicians - Psychologist -
Counselors
Mark L. Abramson M.D., PA.
Urology & Infertility 106
Bartram Park
Family ENT Back Cover
Jeffrey Sandler, M.D..FACS
Invitations & Announcements
Invitations By Raymond 150
Marcia Wasserman 51
Party City - The Discount
Party Superstore 58
Judaic Publishers - Booksellers
Block Publishing Company 122
Kosher Products
AgriProcessors South 150
Publix Supermarkets 12
Winn Dixie 8
Light Bulbs & Tubes
Jacksonville Light Bulb
Delivery, Inc 12
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 152
L & L Limousine 53
Locks - Locksmith
Piner’s Lock & Safe 106
Mailbox Rental
Postal Annex-1-
Your Home Office 26
Medical - Dental Centers
Bartram Park
Family ENT Back Cover
Borland ־ Groover Clinic 28
CPT - Center For
Physical Therapy 112
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D., PA 144
DLC Dermatology
& Laser Center 150
FOA Florida Oncology
Associates 10
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 102
Levine Orthodontics
Inside Front Cover
Rogozinski
Orthopedic Clinic PA 112
Mirrors ־ Framed - Beveling
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 152
Mohel - Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 43
197
===== PAGE 200 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Sound Systems & Equipment
Florida Sound
Engineering Co., Inc 36
Sports Apparel - Gifts
Football Fanatics 142
Swimming Pool
Equipment & Supplies
Pinch-A-Penny
Pool-Patio-Spa 148
Tile Ceramic ■
Contractors - Dealers
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Tile Market Of San Marco 154
Tile - Stone
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Travel Agencies
Cruise Planners -
Sheree Spriggs 140
Williamsburg
Travel Management 45
Tub & Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 152
Video Production Services
J&R Productions 52
PRI Production 54
Veterianarians
Lakewood Animal Clinic 110
Craig W. Sandler, D.V.M.
Water Filters & Purifiers
Afforable Water 26
Wedding Consultant - Planning
Encore Events
& Entertainment 126
PRI Production 54
Windham Events & Design 56
Wood Flooring
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Real Estate
Al Freidlin - Watson
Realty Corp 106
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc 110
Rental Services
Kirby Rental 58
Restaurants - Cafe’s
Arby’s 110
Athens Cafe 114
Bistro AIX 14
Dave & Buster’s 50
Heirlooms - a culinary café
& market 26
Kan-Ki Japanese
Steakhouse & Sushi Bar 138
Larry’s Gaint Subs 84
Mediterrania Restaurant 36
The Loop Pizza Grill 14
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 154
Restaurant Equipment
& Supplies
E.H.Thompson Co 146
Retirement Living
Augustine Landing 120
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 12
Mount Carmel Gardens 83
Rug Dealers
Jaffe Rug Gallery 154
Safes - Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Safe 106
School Bus Rental
Patten Bus Services, Inc 140
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealer
Berman Bros., Inc 36
Security - Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 108
Solar Power
Bam Solar Power 140
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D 144
Pediatric & Adolescent
Otoloryngology
DLC Dermatology &
Laser Center 150
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O.,P A
Dale R. Charneco, M.D.
Angela Y. Armstrong, ARNP
FOA Florida Oncology
Associates 10
Jeffrey A. Bubis,
DO.,F.A.C.O.I.,F.A.C.P.
Sheldon J. Kaplan,Ph.D
& Associates 104
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D
Rogozinski Orthopedic
Clinic, P. A 112
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 36
Plaques
Crown Trophy 148
Plumbing - Contractors
Watson Plumbing 84
Printers
Just Print It 102
Minuteman Press 156
Postal Annex+
Your Home Office 26
Private Clubs
Epping Forest Yacht Club 40
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 40
The Lodge & Inn 40
The River Club 40
Private Investor
Tommy Mattox 110
Produce
Farmers Market 2
Promotional - Fundraising Items
Crown Trophy 148
Minuteman Press 156
198
===== PAGE 201 =====
Take the Guesswork
Out of Insurance!
Working Locally, Thinking Globally
GREENE-HAZEL
k J & Associates, Inc.
904.398.1234 • greenehazel.com
===== PAGE 202 =====
AN EAR, NOSE & THROAT PRACTICE FOCUSED ON YOUR ENTIRE
• Board Certified Ears, Nose &
Throat, Head & Neck Surgery,
Facial & Reconstructive Plastic
Surgery
•Treating Children & Adults
• 20+Years Experience
• Minimally Invasive Sinus Surgery
• Head & Neck Cancer Evaluation
• Sleep Apnea / Snoring
• Hearing Evaluation & Hearing Aids
Bartram Park Family ENT
is an Exclusive Provider of
LYRIC HEARING
100% invisible
24/7 wear (up to 120 days)
Wear it while you shower & sleep
No battery needed!
Bartram Park Family ENT
i ■ mmm ’it ו
For appointments please call
9191־446־904
JEFFREY SANDLER, M.D., FACS
13241 Bartram Park Blvd., Suite 801
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
(Near the Kohl's/Publix Shopping Center, Old St. Augustine Rd. West of 1-95)
www.jaxfamilyent.com
===== PAGE 203 =====

===== PAGE 204 =====
s./\ ¿
Levine Orthodontics
]EXPEDIENCE. THE DIFFERENCE¡
MITCHELL R. LEVINE
3600 CARDINAL POINT DR.
JACKSONVILE, FL 32257
904-737-4626
904-737-2126 (FAX)
WWW.JAXBRACES.COM
===== PAGE 205 =====
The New Generation of
Luxury and Value
Has Arrived
and only Jack Hanania
has it all.
From value to luxury, Jack Hanania has what
you’re looking for at the most competitive
price possible. We are happy to unveil the
latest collection of 2009 models, including
the new 2009 Audi A4, with a sleek new
design and improved handling built to please
even the most die-hard driving enthusiast.
We are an automotive group based on innova-
tion and customer satisfaction. Stop by any
of our four convenient locations and meet our
friendly, energetic experts to see for yourself
just how easy buying a car can be.
!un!!■־
AUTOMOTIVE GROUP
Audi HYurmm
ACURA
Hyundai of Orange Park
www.hyundaioforangepark.cofn i
The AIJ New 2009
Audi A4
Audi Jacksonville
www.audijax.eom
The All New 2009
VW Tiguan
VW of Orange Park
www.volkswagenoforangepark.com
The AH New 2009
Acura
Acura of Orange Park
www.acuraoforangepark.com
1
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 206 =====
“In all I spent $20 at the farmers״ market The same amount of groceries
would be $40.46 at the local supermarkets. Julia Crowley, First Coast News
Comparison Shopping the Jacksonville Farmers Market, 5¿Z3&8$8
Yes, You Too Can Save up to 50% or More by Shopping at the...
Farmers Market
Home of up to 150 Farmers and Vendors providing the WIDEST selection
of PRODUCE in North Florida ־ arriving FRESH daily.
■ RETAIL - WHOLESALE -
Featuring Organic, Ethnic, Specialty, Seasonal & Unique Agricultural Products and Plants
Open 365 Days A Year - Dawn to Dusk
Convenient Drive-Up Parking
jaxfarmersmarket.com
Celebrating 7/ Years as
Jacksonville’s Largest &
Florida’s Oldest
Farmers Market
- Since 1938 - Newly Rebuilt in 2007-
Located at the Beaver Street Viaduct
1810 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
904-354-2821
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
2
===== PAGE 207 =====
Table of Contents
ADMINISTRATION
Board of Directors 16
Cantor’s Message 9
Center Personnel 13
Officers 17
Past Presidents / Chairmen of the Board 1819־
President’s Message 15
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 5
Rabbi Weiner’s Message 7
Ritual Director’s Message 23
JJC PHONE DIRECTORY 116
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMITTEES
Adult Education 29
Center Cemetery / Hevra Kaddisha 61
Choir, Ushers 25
Men’s Club 32-33
Membership 27
Minyan Captains, Religious Committee 23
Sisterhood 30 31 ־
CALENDAR 157162־
COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION 187 192 ־
COMMUNITY / SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTING 155
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 194 199 ־
DIRECTORY OF SUPPORTERS 117155־
EDUCATION
Day School Classes, Teachers, Activities 94 97 ־
Day School Principal’s Message 91
Early Childhood Director’s Message 85
Early Childhood Classes, Activities 86 88 ־
Educations Milestones 98
Kids Club 90
PTA and Day School Resource Teachers 93
Religious School Classes, Activities 100 101 ־
Religious School Director’s Message 99
Shalom Baby 89
GREETINGS 164 186 ־
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 43 47 ־
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 49 53 ־
Dear Departed 63
Weddings 55 59 ־
MEMORIALS 65 82 ־
SPECIAL EVENTS
JJC Golf Classic 41
Raffle for Education 38 39 ־
Simhat Torah Honorees 37
YOUTH
Camp KiTov 115
Center Youth Commission 103
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 105 109 ־
Scouting 113
Summer Youth Programs Ill
Youth Director’s Message 103
Yearbook Staff
Janis Dorman
Advertising Manager
We want to thank Beth Wolpoff for her work as the
5769 Yearbook Project Manager.
Photographers: Gayle Bailys, Stephanie Teitelbaum,
Lois Tompkins, Lita Poehlman, Talie Zaifert,
Howard Wolpoff, Edith Horovitz and Sharon Herbst
Proofreaders: Howard Wolpoff, Claudia Margolis,
Susan DuBow, Carrie Bielski, David Bielski, Gayle
Bailys, Rabbi Lubliner and Lori Schoettler
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for making this
publication possible, but also for the support you lend to
our many activities. We urge our members to reciprocate
with their patronage.
Advertisers’ claims of kashrut do not imply
certification of such by the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
About the Cover:
The cover was created by Susan Krinsky Lubliner,
who has been creating art all throughout her life. She
graduated from Bennington College, having majored in
Painting and Printmaking.
Susan saw her first ketubah at a wedding she and
her then-fixture husband, Jonathan, attended in -B of
all places — Bennington, Vermont. Subsequently, she
turned to the study of calligraphy, both independently and
with various teachers, including Christopher Calderhead,
Eleanor Winters, and David Moss. During Jonathan’s first
pulpit in Connecticut, Susan opened a studio, specializing
in ketubot and related lettering arts. Among her special
artistic loves are papercutting and collage.
Susan has enjoyed being part of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community since she and her family arrived
in 2004. During that time, she has taught Hebrew
Calligraphy at Camp Ramah Darom, workshops in
papercutting, and has been proud to be called ‘6Picture Lady”
at the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School.
She fives with her husband, Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner,
and their three sons, Avichai, Elior, and Itamar.
Hamsa with Lotus, variation with collage, 2008
Pen and ink, Fabriano and Cansón papers, watercolor pencils.
This piece is an original image whose starting point was a pen and ink
hamsa originally commissioned for Chochmat HaLev, a spiritual com-
munity in Berkeley׳, California. Hamsas symbolize the Creator’s protective
hand.
3
===== PAGE 208 =====
THE AVERAGE COST OF
RAISING HER WILL BE $249,000:
THEN COMES COLLEGE, AND THINGS
START TO GET EXPENSIVE.
Prepare• for 18-r wears WITH WACH0VIA
In the years to come, it’ll cost you more and more to be the parent you
want to be. That’s where Wachovia comes in. As the nation’s fourth-largest
bank holding company and third-largest brokerage, we’re here to provide
advice on all things money. Because wherever you are financially, we’re
right there with you.
VISIT A FINANCIAL CENTER
800-WACHOVIA (800-922-4684)
WACHOVIA.COM/ASPIRATIONS
Wé want you to know:
INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES AND INSURANCE PRODUCTS: '
l NOT INSURED BYFDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY י MAY LOSE VALUE • NOT A DEPOSIT OF OR GUARANTEED BY A BANK OR ANY BANK AFFILIATE[
Wachovia Bank, N.A., Member FDIC, only deposit products are insured, ©2008 Wachovia Corporation 084084
״Source: http//moneycentral.msn.com/articles/family/kids/tlkidscostasp
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
WACHOVIA
===== PAGE 209 =====
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
My Space, Yours And Ours
emphasizes the indispensable role each
person plays in his own redemption.
But the liturgy of the High Holidays also
never allows us to forget the ties which bind
us to others. It is hardly accidental that the
various confessionalsofthepenitentialprayers
are always phrased in the plural. We confess
even those sins we have not committed as a
reminder that our decisions impact on others
and vice versa. As the Talmudic sage, Rabbi
Elazar ben Shimon once noted: “Inasmuch
as the world is judged in accordance with the majority of its
deeds, and the individual is judged in accordance with the
majority of his deeds, if one performs a single mitzvah, he has
tipped his scale and the scale of the world toward merit; if he
commits one sin, he has tipped the scale toward sinfulness for
himself and for the world” (Babylonian Talmud, Kiddushin
40a־b). Each generation repeats Cain’s surly question of
God, “Am I my brother’s keeper?” Time and again, Judaism
emphatically responds, “Yes, you are”.
Electronic social networking is undeniably useful for
those living in isolation from the rest of the world. But as one-
dimensional as the old-fashioned yearbook may be, it offers
an advantage that cyberspace creations like Facebook never
will: it provides a record of what real people have actually
accomplished in tandem with others. Funk & Wagnalls
Dictionary tells us that the English word “virtual” means “the
effect or the appearance, but not the actual form, of what is
specified”. Virtual community cannot replicate what it fails
to achieve in the first place: the presence of people caring for
and communicating with each other face-to-face.
The more wifi and the web cam encroach on our
personal space, the more we will hunger and long for live
interaction with others. That we already possess the power to
create virtual synagogues is indisputable; the real question is
why on earth would we ever want to?
We warmly welcome Hazzan Jesse Holzer and his
wife, Leora, to our community, and look forward to praying,
learning, celebrating and sharing with them in real time. Join
us any day — no collaborative or
social software needed!
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar
join me in wishing you and your
loved ones a New Year of health,
blessing and meaning. May we all
be inscribed in the Book of Life.
שנה טובה תכתבו ותחתמו
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
A;
x \.e
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
few months ago National Public
Radio aired a story about an
!.endangered species: the college
yearbook. With hundreds of millions of
youthful subscribers, social network services
such as "MySpace and Facebook are beginning
to make the old-fashioned yearbook obsolete.
Through the internet, users may chat, send
instant messages, post photographs, videos
and audio clips, and build personal networks
around common interests. Access to these
websites is generally free, paid for by the barrage of advertising
banners that flash across one’s screen. In contrast, a college
yearbook can easily cost more than a hundred dollars, and
lacks interactive capability. Once it’s been looked at what can
a yearbook do, except gather dust on a bookshelf?
Yet these invidious comparisons are rather superficial.
Turn the pages of any yearbook, including this one, and you
will glimpse an entire community in motion, catching sight
of its collective experiences and shared celebrations. On the
other hand, a quick tour of Facebook and its internet cousins
reveals an exercise in electronic narcissism; they are a multi-
sensory paean of praise to all that is “I, Me, Mine”, to quote
the title of a well-known Beatles’ tune.
Thousands of years ago, the great sage Hillel
understood the need to balance self-care with concern for
others. “He used to say: Tf I am not for myself who will be
for me? If I am only for myself, what am I?”’ (Avot 1:14). To
love one’s neighbor as oneself requires a dose of healthy self-
respect, an appreciation of the Divine spark that makes each
of us priceless and unique in God’s eyes. It is this very belief,
however, that enjoins us to cherish others for their equally
precious qualities. A cult of self that cannot connect with
space other than one’s own is idolatry by another name.
The equilibrium that Judaism establishes between
individual and community finds meaningful expression in
the Yamim Noraim, the Days of Awe that begin with Rosh
Hashanah and end with Yom Kippur. There are no days on
the calendar when synagogues are more crowded than the
Jewish New Year and the Day of 131111
Atonement, yet paradoxically, the
message of the season is largely
personal and private. We are
asked to recognize our aloneness
before God, to assume individual
responsibility for our mistakes and
failures. That Yom Kippur only
brings atonement for sins against
others to the extent that we rectify
the wrongs we have committed
===== PAGE 210 =====
Business - Personal י Life - Health
Vandroff Insurance Agency offers you the best
combination of coverage, service and price.
Arnold Vandroff• David Vandroff
Oren Margot
□Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
296-3390
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
6 Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 211 =====
A Message from Rabbi Weiner
Our ancestor Abraham faced ten trials and stood through them all.
our midst. No longer a novelty, Healing
Services have become a regular part of
synagogue life; as attendance grows,
their power to bring solace and support is
intensified. To ensure that all of us receive
appropriate, sensitive spiritual care at area
hospitals, I maintain strong relationships
with multifaith chaplains all over the city.
Sometimes they serve as my chaplains;
In return I do my best to be their rabbi,
available to answer questions, help avoid
cultural and religious gaffes and lead
educational programming. Please help us support you
when you or a loved one is in hospital; we will only be
able to provide a warm embrace if you let us know.
Finally in light of Rabbi Alan Lew’s visit for
last year’s Safer Shabbaton, a number of spiritual
seekers have taken the next step in a journey linking
their meditation practices and their Judaism. Many
participants are new to spiritual practice; others, myself
included, are steeped in the Jewish spiritual practice of
davening; still others are experienced meditators. As a
part of this homecoming, a meditation group takes place
at the Center on the second Shabbat of the month at
9:15 AM. There is nothing quite like the stillness of soul
that one achieves by focusing on the present moment of
breath and body in community. Here the challenge is
not to get too comfortable: As our meditative practice
grows, it should come to enrich other areas of our
personal lives - and the life of our synagogue. All are
invited to partake in this relaxed, informal journey.
As do all of us, Abraham faced and stood through a
number of challenges in his life. Each of those challenges
brought him new insight into his own character as well
as into the nature of the world, of God and of humanity.
I pray that all the challenges we face in this coming year
yield growth and wisdom.
Judith and Joseph join
me in wishing the entire
community a shana tova
umetuka, a good and sweet
new year.
— Rabbi David Weiner
This snippet from Pirkei Avot,
an early collection of wisdom
from Ancient Judaism’s greatest
teachers, stands out from the rest. Usually
these maxims are phrased as advice to
the individual; this one appears to be a
discussion of something that happened to
our ancestor in days of yore. If this is the
case, we ask, what place does it have in
this compendium? Rabbi Shalom Noach
Berezovsky, leader of the Slonimer
Hasidim in Jerusalem’s Old City in the
late twentieth century, sees this teaching through a
different lens.
The Slonimer teaches that each one of us
embodies a bit of Abraham. As a result, we face trials in
our lives much like he did, critical moments when new
challenges emerge and push us beyond our expectations
and notions of where our lives might be taking us. We,
like Abraham, have the responsibility and opportunity
to stand through those challenges.
Quiet times are rare at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, and every year brings new challenges for me.
When Mr. Marc Leventhal announced his departure
from the Martin J. Gottleib Day School, I was invited
to assume responsibilities as Middle School Rabbi
beginning in August. In that capacity, I now teach sixth
through eighth grade about twelve hours each week as
a part of the Judaic Studies faculty, lead and participate
in prayer services with our students and help our
curriculum evolve and grow. Through my teaching, I
hope to help our students find depth of meaning that will
enrich their spiritual journeys and help them solidify
their connection to the Jewish people and way of life.
Alongside this new challenge remain many others.
I retain primary responsibility
for our pastoral care program,
through which we provide
clergy and lay visits and phone
calls to ill and homebound
congregants, and it continues
to grow. In cooperation with
the Jewish Healing Network,
dedicated volunteers from the
Hesed Committee selflessly
reach out to the neediest in
Rabbi David Weiner
7
===== PAGE 212 =====
Kosher is better at Winn-Dixie
If you haven't seen Winn-Dixie lately, you haven't seen Winn-Dixie.
Our quality kosher grocery and meat items, along with guaranteed
fresh produce and friendly service are examples of how we're keeping
our Promises to our customers: Better smiles, better aisles, better
products, better variety, better value, better neighbor.
Here’s a taste of what kosher foods are available
at your neighborhood Winn-Dixie:
• Our San Jose & Loretto location has a large
mix of Israeli-style and traditional kosher
items, including cheeses, meats and a large
selection of frozen foods.
• Our store at University & San Jose offers
our largest selection of kosher meats,
cheeses, frozen entrées and appetizers, as
well as Israeli-style foods.
Use your
Customer Reward Card
and receive:
great community involvement opportunities
additional savings through our Baby Club
• instant discounts on hundreds of items
throughout the store
• automatic participation in special programs
and promotions
Don’t have a card?
Sign up today at your neighborhood Winn-Dixie Customer Service Counter.
Winn/Dixie
Getting better all the time.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
8
===== PAGE 213 =====
A Message from the Hazzan
Shana Tova Umetuka
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
I
Quoting Job 25:2, our liturgy suggests that in the
chaos of our daily lives, we should ask God for protection
and order; for peace. God, referred to here as “the One who
brings peace”, holds an orderly court on high where peace
reigns. Our partnership with the divine grants us a daily
dialogue with God. Each Oseh Shalom means something
different, whether it is comforting those closest to us or
healing the entire world. Creating peace, creating wholeness
in ourselves and in our relationships, is a theme of our day-to-
day lives and, in particular, our lives at the time of our Jewish
new year. May God grant us peace in the coming year, a year
filled with laughter, joy and song.
—Hazzan Jesse Holzer
halom! As your new Hazzan, I am looking forward
to being part of a musical journey together with you
all. My wife Leora and I wish to extend our deepest
gratitude to the entire Jacksonville Jewish Center community
for including us as the newest members of your family. I am
personally touched by the mentorship of the senior members
of the clergy, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner. Leora and
I are especially indebted to the staff and lay leadership who
have made our transition a smooth and delightful one.
I have many hopes for our community in the coming
year. Each day we learn from one another, enriching our
personal and collective Jewish experiences. In that vein, I
would like to take a moment to reflect upon something that
helps structure our daily lives- our liturgy. At the conclusion
of every Amidah, every Kaddish, and every Birkat Hamazon,
the same phrase arises as a parting blessing:
עשה שלום בהרוגיו; הוא יעשה שלוס
עלינו ועל פל ישלאל ואמרו אה ן .
9
===== PAGE 214 =====
VShana Tova
A practice of
■ ׳' JteflMMMPl
■¡TlfllVJ ONCOLOGY
network
www.iconspecialists.com
Partners In Your Cancer Care
If you or a loved one have cancer, it’s comforting to know
that you can get world-class care right here in Mandarin.
T7/^\ A FLORIDA4 *״
ri I I /Jk ONCOLOGY A
JL Vy JL jL associates ^
HernatoIogy&Medksd Oncology ׳»■■ w
Baptist South
14546 St. Augustine Road, Suite 317, Jacksonville, Florida 32258
Phone: 904-9445״260׳ Fax: 9040005׳260׳
At Florida Oncology Associates, we provide expert, individualized care for patients
with all types of cancer and blood disorders. Our physicians are board certified in
Internal Medicine, Medical Oncology and Hematology and have trained at National
Cancer Institute designated cancer centers around the country. We offer our patients
a wide array of treatment options and services including chemotherapy, laboratory
services and access to the very latest in national cancer research trials.
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO., F.A.CO.L, F.A.C.P.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
10
===== PAGE 215 =====
11
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 216 =====
It’s Our
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. That s the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the very
best in quality; selection and service.
Publix.
IT'S BEEN OUR PLEASURE.
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
Incandescent
Flourescent
Quartz Halogen
Metal Halide
High Pressure Sodium
Mercury Vapor
Low Pressure Sodium
Miniature
Sealed Beam
Photo
Stage/Studio
Projection
Fiber Optic
Medical
Scientific
Micrographic
Sockets
Photo Controls
Flourescent Ballasts
Electronic Ballasts
HID Ballasts
Tube Guards
Lighting Lenses
Batteries
Carl Cushnir
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc
144 Stockton Street ״ Jacksonville, FL 32204
Local 904-260-2444 •Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
ASSISTED LIVING • RESPITE CARE
ON-SITE THERAPY
Enjoy life's
simple
pleasures
again.
Assisted Living from
Carriage Club of Jacksonville
Retirement Community.
• Fine Dining
• Medication Management
• Laundry, Linen and Towel Service
• Complimentary Transportation
• Lakes and Walking Paths
• Convenient Southside Location
• More Than 50 Scheduled Activities/Week
Let us take care of the big things so you can enjoy
the simple pleasures that make life worth living.
Call (904) 646600 1 ־ today for details!
#
CARRIAGE CLUB
Jacksonville
Brookdale Senior Living
9601 Southbrook Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32256
WWW.brookdaleliving.com • Assisted Living Facility # 0007464
50630-ROP02-0608
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
12
===== PAGE 217 =====
Personnel
Administrative Staff
Cassie Vichozsky
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
Leslie Manucy Season Vickers
Accounts Receivable Receptionist
Kim Winters
Accounts Payable
Lori Schoettler
Administrator
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Rugy
Catering Directors
Margo’s Catering
Your simcha is in good hands with Margo’s. From planning to
presentation, you’ll appreciate the professional touches that the catering staff
brings to every event. The menus are varied, creative and delicious. The service
is excellent, and the ambiance is always inviting. Best of all congregants can
count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be helpful, friendly and reassuring.
It’s a pleasure to plan a party or congregational program at the Center. Whether
it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah, wedding or other occasion, you can trust Margo’s
Catering to make it memorable.
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
The maintenance and housekeeping staff works diligently to keep our building clean and
presentable at all times. Richard Ford, our facilities supervisor, takes pride in his staff, and
devotes much of his time to taking care of all the physical needs required by the many events
which take place throughout the year. Volunteers, event planners and Center staff appreciate
the special attention they receive from the maintenance department. Richard and his staff offer
invaluable support to the members of our congregation.
Richard Ford
Facilities Supervisor
13
===== PAGE 218 =====
¡■■(I¡■
»••™*!•י
90״ é»/ 1
Lunch • Dinner• Private Dining
its
VV
V
the
Spot
1440 San Marco Blva. tel: 39819419־
£2
#5
m
THE LOOP
1
The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
2210־262 (904)
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e־L00pClub
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
14
===== PAGE 219 =====
A Message from the President
“Does the JJC really need to transform
itself?” I believe it does. I see the JJC as
an organism with hundreds of living souls
guided, in many ways, by the traditions of
thousands before us. It is too easy to become
comfortably numb, continuing to do things
the same way. We need to evolve for fear
of becoming too stagnant, too rigid, too
insensitive and eventually unwelcoming,
even to our most dedicated supporters. This
does not mean losing sight of our mission.
We must absolutely stay true and focused
to our purpose. However, to honor those builders of our
community, we must now step forward and add our layers
to the rich tapestry of the JJC. The prophecy of Joel reminds
us that the old shall dream dreams and the youth shall see
visions (Joel 3:23־). In this spirit let us come together, each
one of us, to build a shul that we can call “home.”
Our shul must not be seen as just an organization to
which people will join. It needs to be recognized as a living
entity to which people feel they must connect with in order
to maintain spiritual vitality. Like any organic process, it
must constantly be renewed through the blood or nutrients
(read yiddishkeit) needed to sustain the individual parts of
the organism, as well as the larger organism itself. When
separated from the kehilla or spiritual body of the Jewish
people, people begin to waste spiritually.
In concert with our klei kodesh and administrative
team, a synagogue transformative process will become the
work of our shul board. I believe it is incumbent upon the
leadership of our shul to insure that all efforts be expended to
encourage and assist our congregants to not only find segues
for connecting with the our spiritual body, but that they find
ways to move up the “sulam” or ladder of Jewish renewal.
We each need to begin thinking of our shul as a place where
anyone can make aliyah. Not necessarily aliyah to Israel.
Instead, this is aliyah of the soul and spirit as we elevate
ourselves and move closer to meaningful relationships with
one another and our creator.
Susan, Stefanie, Kara,
Emily, Jenna and I look forward
to making this journey with you.
We offer best wishes for health
and abundant happiness to you
and your loved ones. Shanah
Tovah u’Metukah.
—Dr. Mitchell L,evine
Hi
Dr. Mitchell Levine
ave you thought much about how
the JJC might look in twenty five
»years? Do you wonder what the next
three to five years might bring and how these
years may impact the landscape of our Jewish
living? What kind of Jewish legacy do we
wish to leave for subsequent generations of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center?
When Moshe Rabbienu sends the spies
to scout out the land of milk and honey, they
come back with reports that they feel like
grasshoppers amongst giants. Most of the
spies would prefer to remain in the wilderness of Paran, rather
than cross the Jordan and settle in Caanan. Like the scouts,
we too can elect to remain in the midbar and occasionally
crane our necks seeking to get a glimpse of what a fulfilling
Jewish life could be. We should not allow the wilderness to
become a self fulfilling prophecy where true renewal remains
just outside our reach. Our congregation stands on the banks
of the proverbial Jordan and now it is time to cross over it.
The transformation of our synagogue will not be a
simple task. It should be evolutionary and not revolutionary;
for it needs to build upon the traditions and the work of those
before us. Too, it ought harness the vitality and vigor of those
who follow us. Pirkei Avot teaches that though we may not
finish the work, neither are we free to desist from it. It is
now our time to start a transformation to build a sacred place
where each of us can find deeper meaning in the time we
spend in and at shul.
The history of the JJC is blessed with leaders and
families who have provided a spiritual and financial harbor.
To be sure we are forever grateful and fortunately there is
a way to pay back debt of gratitude. We must continue the
work of those before us. Change for the sake of change alone,
or changes that occur at blazing speeds risk minimizing the
contributions of those who have built our shul. Rather, we
must see ourselves as the “Yitzhaks” of our generation and
begin re-digging the wells that the “Abrahams” had dug
before us. Each generation must
re-dig the” wells “and find new
sources of Jewish inspiration,
understanding, connection and
meaning. It is fitting that the
children (bnai) continue the work
of the builders (bonai) to create a
shul we can each be proud of.
You may be wondering,
15
===== PAGE 220 =====
20082010־ Board of Directors
Shari Shuman
Joan Waitz
Howard Wolpoff
Morrie Zimmerman
Jack Selevan
Lita Poehlman
Marco Rand
Ellen Rosner
Harris Rittenberg
Jeanine Rogozinski
Andrew Selevan
Ben Setzer
Phyllis Goldberg
Neil Gorden
Joan Levin
Mike Mass
Sonya Morris
Kathy Osterer
Jennifer Plotkin
Debbie Banks
Shirley Bielski
Colman Brodsky
Moti Demri
Dina Fetner
Beth Fleet
Marilyn Garber
Melvin Gottlieb
Advisory Committee
Lawrence DuBow Russell Selevan
Sanford
Zimmerman
Seeman
Zimmerman
Past Presidents
Jack Shorstein
Mark Shorstein
Michael Shorstein
Evan Yegelwel
Wilbur Margol
Charles Mizrahi
Jeffery Morris
Marsha Pollock
Philip Bloom
Lawrence DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Joseph Honigman
16
===== PAGE 221 =====
20082010־ Center Officers
Fred Pozin
VP of House
Michael DuBow
VP of Finance
Dr. Mitchell Levine
President
Sanford Zimmerman
Chairman of the Board
Leonard Setzer
VP of Fundraising
Bruce Horovitz
VP of Ritual
Lara Werwa
VP of Membership
Andrea Mail
VP of Education
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Men’s Club
Joanne Rosenberg
Sisterhood
Beth Shorstein
Secretary
Susan DuBow
VP of Youth
Etta Fialkow
VP of Programming
17
===== PAGE 222 =====
Past Presidents & Chairmen of the Board
Elias H. Pilton*
1911-1922
Max Rubin
1930-1937
Harry Leff*
1949
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
H. Hammerman*
1905
Harry Finklestein*
1927-1929
Joseph Hackel*
1947-1948
Robert J. Gordon*A
1953-1955
Jack Becker*
1966-1967
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Harry Gendzier*
1944-1946
Philip Bork*
1952
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
Max Frank*
1901-1904
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Abe Newman*
1940-1943
Philip Selber*
1950-1951; 1953-1955
1963-1965
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
18
===== PAGE 223 =====
Past Presidents & Chairmen of the Board
T wff
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Sol Proctor*
1982-1984
Jeffery Morris
1990-1993
Michael Shorstein
2000-2002
*In Loving Memory
AChairman of the Board
Charles Mizrahi
1974-1976
‘ *£0’ Hi !
Nathan Krestul*
1980-1982
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Mark Shorstein
1998-2000
Sandy Zimmerman
2006-2008
Jack Shorstein
1972-1974
Samuel “Bud” ShorsteinA
1978-1980
Eugene Kornblum*
1986-1988
Evan Yegelwel
1996-1998
Seeman Zimmerman
2004-2006
Wilbur Margol
1970-1971
Lawrence DuBow
1978-1980
Dr. Joseph Honigman
1984-1986
Stuart Hecht*
1993-1996
Philip Bloom
2002-2004
19
===== PAGE 224 =====
General Electric &
FIRST COAST SUPPLY
for the kitchen designed to work for you.
Many of today’s most interesting kitchens have one
thing in common. . . General Electric appliances.
The reason is simple. General Electric refrigerators,
dishwashers, wall ovens, wine cellars and more offer
almost unlimited possibilities.
Designed for Possibilities ־ General Electric.
At FIRST COAST SUPPLY, we ll work to
make the possibilities come true.
Stanley DCanter
President
2523 Edison Avenue. Jacksonville, Florida 32204. Phone 3881217־
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
20
===== PAGE 225 =====
Join/uy for another bummer of bunny dayy filled/ with/ fun/,
friendship, and/ memories' to layfg/ XífettmeÁ
77xe//un׳beaim׳ Tiam& 15^, 2009!
Call/Camp Virector, Haley Blount, at268~%20Q, e#t. 143,
for more/ information¿
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers 21
===== PAGE 226 =====
Qfáef'fiat'i/ <£c^J/fc& Je/eixm
QRe/iaioU'‘¡ | ícAoo/oftAe
ffac/i'ZonoiA/eJfétois/1 (je/ife/1
Designated as a (USCJ) United Synagogue
for Conservative Judaism “Framework For
Excellence ” school (The only preferred
“Model A ” school in Florida)
Our goal is to instill a love of our rich heritage in a welcoming
and positive family-oriented atmosphere.
A great place to learn basic Jewish literacy:
Hebrew, history, rituals, traditions and
community. Resources include a full-size
computer lab, music with our Hazzan, art,
dance, library, and full use of our amazing JJC
facility. Regular involvement with our clergy.
Small classes and individual tracking allows us
to meet the needs of all of our students.
Contact:
Lois Tompkins, Principal
2684200־, ext. 145
22
===== PAGE 227 =====
Ritual Department
A Message from the Ritual Director
Scott Zimmerman
,
It contains the Law of Moses, we say. Identifying
it with the Temple, the center of Jewish life in the
past; proclaiming it the center of Jewish life today for
ourselves and our people.
We stand in awe of these scrolls, for they have
preserved us as we have preserved them. They are
potent. They are dangerous.
Dangerous if we treat them like icons, like idols
m if we keep the scrolls rolled and look at the jeweled
embroidery; kiss the mantle and forget the words.
Dangerous even if we read the words and accept
them unthinkingly, without understanding, without
interpretation, without love.
Potent to make us seed eternal values in our
temporary lives; potent to set our minds and souls on
the search for God.
These are ourSifrei Torah. In each the God-seeking
path of our people; hundreds of laws, thousands of
years, millions of Jews. May we always read Torah with
wisdom, humility, gratitude and love.
Amen.
I would like to thank the many members of our
congregation who have added their voices to the process
that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we
have maintained a high level of participation in reading
Torah. The commitment and encouragement of our
synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure
that this quality standard will be continued for many
generations to come. I would like to thank all of our
teachers for their continued support and cooperation
and on behalf of Suzanne, Casie, Aron and myself wish
you a happy and healthy new year.
Shanah Tovah,
— Scott Zimmerman
23
Religious Committee
Bruce Horovitz and Marco Rand, Chairmen
n the past year 5768, the Religious Committee, under the
direction and guidance of Rabbi Lubliner, continued its
initiatives in making the Jacksonville Jewish Center a more
welcoming and inclusive spiritual community.
The year included a further transition to a fully egalitarian
congregation. Women are now actively involved in every aspect of
religious life at the Center including full participation in minyanim
and leading services on Shabbat, Holidays and daily minyan.
Again, under the direction of Rabbi Lubliner, the Religious
Committee helped the congregation move forward with a series
of “Keruv” (outreach) initiatives aimed at making our synagogue
a more welcoming community. These included a framework for
participation of intermarried couples at life cycle events, in keeping
with the standards of the Conservative Movement.
A series of alternative services, aimed at attracting new
worshippers, continued during the past year and will be even more
present in the year ahead.
For the coming year, the plan is to have the Religious
Committee take an even more active role in the life of the
congregation. Rabbi Lubliner has developed a blueprint for the
Religious Committee that includes a number of subcommittees
with specific areas of responsibility, all of which are aimed at
enhancing the spiritual and religious life of the congregation.
We are excited to welcome Hazzan Holzer and his wife
Leora to our congregation. Together with Rabbi Lubliner and
Rabbi Weiner, we are poised for another year of great spiritual
growth and commitment.
We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of
the members of the Religious Committee for their service and
commitment during the past year.
Religious committee members for 5768 were: Jack
Bettman, Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Fred Blum, Robert
Bossen, Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis
Fleet, Sheldon Gendzier, Larry Goldberg, Phyllis Goldberg,
Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Joseph Honigman, Wendy
Honigman, Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid, Jack Mizrahi,
Jeffery Morris, Barbara Safer, Elliot Safer, David Schmerer,
Joe Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Mark Shorstein, Karen Southall,
Edward Tannen, and Dan Wohl.
Daily Minyan Captains
Only in the presence of a minyan, a quorum of ten adults,
may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited. Our
dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a minyan twice
every single day of the year. It is because of them that you can
recite kaddish when you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
The congregation’s sincerest appreciation goes to those
who served as minyan captains during the past year: Robert
Bossen, Stella Finck, Ira Grann, Edith Horovitz, Jack
Mizrahi, David Schmerer, Harry Shmunes, Russell Selevan,
Edward Tannen, Arlene Yegelwel, Evan Yegelwel, Sandy
Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a week.
Call Marco Rand at 737-9761 or Bruce Horowitz at 2621087־.
===== PAGE 228 =====
Best Wishes for A
Healthy and Happy New Year
Michael A. Shorstein Brian T. Kelly
Phone: (904) 348-6400
TOLL FREE: (800) 348-6434
www.Adoption-USA.com
You may think you know JNF.
Over the past 106 years, Jewish National Fund has evolved from an organization that was known
for its blue boxes and tree planting into a worldwide environmental leader that does so much
more. The new JNF provides:
• Water Projects: JNF continues building reservoirs to provide viable solutions to Israel's water
shortage. Our 200 projects provide water to 1.5 million Israelis every day.
• Jewish Identity: JNF partners with programs like the Alexander Muss High School in Israel -
a transformative experience that promotes deep-rooted connections between American teens
and Israel.
• Community Development: As part of its 10-year, $600 million Blueprint Negev campaign,
JNF is building 25 new communities in the desert, revitalizing existing communities, and making
great strides towards transforming the city of Be'er Sheva with our River Park project.
• Security Roads: JNF is building and refurbishing security roads along the Lebanon and Gaza
borders to protect Israelis and provide parents and their children safe means of traveling to work
and school.
• Heritage Site Restoration: JNF is committed to protecting more than 250 irreplaceable
historic buildings and heritage sites associated with Israel's rebirth and history.
Join millions of contributors around the world and help JNF continue its vital work in caring for the
land and people of Israel.
Get to know us!
Visit www.jnf.org to learn more about our workor to be involved locally contact
Beth GlickmanMorris at l0099״888-563״ or hfnowis(g)jtif.OYg
life; JNF, for
FORESTRY • WATER • COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT • SECURITY Mj■ JgJJAEL
EDUCATION • RESEARCH • TOURISM & RECREATION • ECOLOGY ^ Wv*»r
NATIONAL FUND IUICVCI.
JNF reservoirs provide much
needed water for Israel's farmers.
JNF is working with Israel's new
pioneers to develop the Negev.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
24
===== PAGE 229 =====
Committees and Organizations
2008-2009 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Lois Gosa, Debby Kaye, Mi-
chael Kuhr, Stevie Levine, Henry Lasris, Lenny Maiman,
Karen Morse, Judy Geller Nevel, David Organes, Peggy
Organes, Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth Shorstein,
Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon and Steve Solomon.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum and Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and Festivals,
ushers help to maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves
the beauty of the service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were our ushers
this past year: Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbaum, Scott
Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris, Carl
Passen, Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman, Sandy
Rosenberg, George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David
Schmerer, Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes,
Randall Smith, Steve Solomon, Tom Spriggs and Leon
Yergin.
200809־ Center Choir
For over 59 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving
liturgical music. Over the years, they have given numerous
concerts featuring members of the choir, and nationally
acclaimed soloists. Many of the current members have
been singing with this group for twenty years or more. New
members are always welcome. Call Raymond Cohen 733־
6979.
Your child’s future begins at the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool.
Our preschool offers an enriching and nurturing program for children
ages 12 months through Pre-Kindergarten. The developmentally
appropriate curriculum encourages exploration, creativity, values, critical
thinking and the joy for learning in a Jewish environment. Over five
resources and enrichment classes weekly including music, technology,
language, art, drama, dance, physical education, science, Judaica and
more. Tuition-free Voluntary Pre-Kindergarten program offered. After-
noon Kids’ Club and hot lunch program available.
Laughter, Smiling and Happy Children...
Learning Has Never Been So Much Fun
ton'
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool
Jtópfc JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
*1;pFPRE SCHOOL
LEARN • DISCOVER • CELEBRATE
Preschool Registration has begun for Fall 2008.
For enrollment information and/or to
schedule a tour, please call Stephanie Teitelbaum
at 268-4200 ext. 143.
Two year old through Pre-K programs accredited by the Florida Kindergarten Council
25
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 230 =====
UPS/FEDEX/USPS
Copy Center
Color Copies
Expert Packing
Mailbox Rentals
Notary
Estate Shipping
Fax Service
Office Service
Resumé Service
Gift Center
Great Service
Stamps
Shipping
PostalAnnb?
TburHome Office®
Tonya & Larry Medlar
1526 University Blvd. West
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Tel (904) 7324900־
FAX (904) 7324991־
M-F 9:00-6:30 Sat. 10:004:00־+
Get fresh with our simply delicious dishes
like Chili Garlic Salmon and Chicken Paillard.
Or, let our fabulous food and catering service
come to you with a special menu exquisitely
prepared by Chef Cheryl and Chef Jamey.
Let us handle all the details of your upcoming
wedding, graduation or corporate event.
Philip H. Bloom
President
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904) 880״ 3667־ FAX (904) 8804667־
CAFE AND TERRACE DINING
־ TAKE OUT MARKET
־ FULL-SERVICE CATERING
at the Take Out Market
^Bring this ad in for
9545 San Jose Blvd. (Beside World Gym)
904.880.2291
www.heirloomsinc.com • M-F: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
License # W-32
é
Free Water Testing
Affordable watf.R
CONDITIONING• SOFTENING- PURIFICATION
CERTIFIED
WATER
SPECIALIST
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
FLORIDA
WILBERT, INC.
Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
and Other Fine Burial Products
5050 New Kings Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
765-2641
BOB HAMM EYEWEAR
"Thanks for your Patronage"
9670 San Jose Blvd.
(formerly Antares Jewelry)
268-5949
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
26
===== PAGE 231 =====
Committees and Organizations
A Message from the Membership Director
Membership Committee
T.
*
long-standing members happily engaged in Jewish life at the
Center. The committee implemented the New Member Host
Program in January. Each new member is matched with an
existing family or individual as soon as they join the Center.
The host acts as a buddy to this new member for the first year
of their membership. The host assures that they feel welcomed
and are invited to a home for Shabbat dinners and holidays.
The Membership Committee is very proud of this program and
welcomes any members to become a part of this meaningful
host program.
The membership committee has also been instrumental
in planning the following successful programming throughout
the year:
• New Member Sunday Brunch at the Center
• New Member Sundae Party at the home of Robin &
Jeffery Morris
• Monthly Congregational Shabbat Dinners
• Holiday Shopping Bazaar
• Hanukkah Dinner & Celebration
• Purim Bash & Coffee Bar for Empty Nesters
• Dance Classes
• “Moonlight & Masterpieces” - An Evening of Art at
R.Roberts Gallery in Avondale
• The Chai Society Group - Monthly get togethers for our
60 plus members
• Father’s Day Sun Splash Party
Membership Committee Members for 5768:
Shirley Bielski, Moti Demri, Susan DuBow, Holly Ernas,
Etta Fialkow, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg, Rhoda
Goldstein, Brad Herbst, Polina Koropova, Mitchell
Levine, Sue Levine, Andrea Mail, Robin Morris, Sonya
Morris, Karen Morse, Harry Peltz, Lita Poehlman, Kate
Robbins, Jeanine Rogozinski, Barbara Safer, Neil Sandler,
Melanie Setzer, Cindy Silverberg, Michele Steinfeld, Beth
Shorstein, Stephanie Teitelbaum, Joan Waitz, Lara Werwa,
Beth Wolpoff, Talie Zaifert and Sandy Zimmerman.
T:
Christina Levine
1 he Torah teaches
the importance
of opening our
hearts to everyone and
treating them like family.
It has been my mission as
Membership Director to
focus my efforts toward continuously providing a welcoming
environment at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. To create
a spiritual center where everyone can feel connected, it is
important to be passionate about opening our doors and
encouraging people to come in to experience all the Center
has to offer.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has been the “center”
of many Jewish lives for over 100 years and continues to
welcome newcomers to become a part of the community. I
would like to thank all of those that have contributed to our
growing membership, whether it was by inviting a friend to
an event or just by saying “Shabbat Shalom” to the person
next to you in services. A special thank you to all who
have volunteered as greeters at special events, holidays
or services. You have all participated in the mitzvah of
hachnasat orchim, the welcoming of guests, which is filled
with meaning and purpose.
I join my husband Mark, sons Ellis and Ethan in
wishing you all a year filled with health, happiness, peace
& spiritual relationships.
Shana Tova,
— Christina Levine
“So you are to love the
sojourner, for
sojourners were you in
the land of Egypt.”
-Deuteronomy 10:19
27
===== PAGE 232 =====
Borland-Groover Clinic Wishes you a Lifetime of Good Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Augusto Lopez-Torrez, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Nydia L Sanchez, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
Murray L. Langfitt, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D., Ph.D
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Melody A. Perez, ARNP
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
John Charles, PA-C
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Hong T.Tek, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Cathy A Schan, PA-C
Borland-Groover has 8 office locations to serve you:
1375 Roberts Drive
Suite 204
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
1883 Kingsley Avenue
Suite 1100
Orange Park, FL 32073
836 Prudential Drive
Suite 801
Jacksonville, FL 32207
1340 South 18th Street
Suite 101
Fernandina Beach, FL
32034
14546 St. Augustine Rd,
Suite 101
Jacksonville, FL 32258
3627 University Blvd.
Suite 705
Jacksonville, FL 32216
4800 Belfort Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
3 Shircliff Way
Suite 400
Jacksonville, FL 32204
Our office hours are 8:30 am to 5:00 pm, Monday through Friday
To schedule an appointment, call 904.398.7205
It is our privilege to be a part of your specialized medical care.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
28
===== PAGE 233 =====
Communities and Organizations
Adult Education
5768
Rabbi Emeritus David Gaffney and his
wife Inga joined us for a wonderful weekend
of ruach and learning Nov. 2-4, 2007. Rabbi
Gaffney’s subject for the weekend Shabbaton
was Jewish Values And Modern Dilemmas:
Choices For These Critical Times. The
weekend was sponsored by a group of Center
families. Elliot & Carolyn Zisser hosted
a reception at their home on the beach on
Sunday morning.
Our annual Safer Shabbaton was held
the weekend of January 18-20 featuring
Rabbi Alan Lew, author of “One God Clapping” as our
scholar-in-residence. Rabbi Lew also known as the “Zen
Rabbi” brought an incredible level of spirituality, humor
and knowledge to what many have said was one of the
best Shabbaton weekends ever at the Center. His Sunday
morning meditation session was a huge success and many
have requested that we bring Rabbi Lew back for another
opportunity to study and meditate with him
Our schools, including our religious school, hosted
Dr. Steven Brown, Dean
and master education at
the Jewish Theological
Seminary for a weekend of
educational training for our
faculty, religious leaders and
lay leadership.
I hope in the years
to come more of you will
participate in the various
classes and programs offered
at the Center. They are such wonderful opportunities for
religious and personal growth.
It has been my honor to serve as your Adult Education
Chair for the past two years.
L’Shana Tova & Todah Rabah for your support and
encouragement during my tenure.
prepared to write this letter, I had
reflect on the words of Rabbi
vid Weiner. His thoughts, ideas
and hopes as we looked toward 5768 surely
reflect what most of us feel is relevant to the
success of our shul in providing exciting and
relevant educational opportunities for our
adults. It would take to much space to cover
all the points he addressed so I will share one
that I feel expresses a need in all of us.
“Adult education programming at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center intends
to help adults feel spiritually enriched and intellectually
engaged by their
Judaism. It builds
on curiosity, wisdom
and knowledge
already present in
each individual by
validating diverse
Jewish connections,
challenging learners
to transcend their
comfort zone and
exposing participants
to a wide range of perspectives. Furthermore, adult education
closes the gap between participants and tradition; increasing
familiarity with Judaism breeds more meaningful practice
as well as deeper understanding. Capacity for greater
involvement and learning expands with involvement, as
participants find that Judaism has something to offer them.”
“If You've Ever Wondered.. An Introduction to
Judaism ”, a 24 session course was taught by our very
capable lay teachers, Karen Hamilton & Judith Weiner.
Edith Horovitz taught the unit on Kashrut. We are blessed to
have such wonderful able and dedicated congregants willing
to commit so much of their time for the benefit of our adult
students.
Lenny Maiman and Moti Demri led another
successful Adult Beginner’s Hebrew reading course. Another
phenomenal success by two who made the class so much fun
for those in attendance.
Our rabbis continued with an
assortment of offerings such as Rabbi
Lubliner’s Monday Morning Mishna,
Monday evening Talmud class, Coffee
& Torah, Rabbi Weiner’s Think Like
a Rabbi, and Healing Service &
Mysticism for Meaning with Cantor
Ben-Moshe.
Lita Poehlman
Chair
29
===== PAGE 234 =====
Communities and Organizations
30
===== PAGE 235 =====
Communities and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
Gayle Bailys
Sisterhood President
2008-2010 Officers
President
Gayle Bailys
Vice President of Education
Janice Knack
Vice President of Membership
Lara Werwa
Vice President of Programming
Beth Wolpoff
Vice President of Ways &
Means
Jennifer Plotkin
Vice Presidents of Torah Fund
Linda Bloom
Jeanine Kogozinski
Ellen Rosner
Vice President of Youth
Kim Glasgal
Corresponding Secretary
Marla Lewis
Financial Secretary
Stephany Levine
Recording Secretary
Rebekah Selevan
Social Secretary
Robin Allerding
Treasurer
Joanne Rosenberg
omen’s League for Conservative Judaism is the largest synagogue
based women’s organization in the world. The mission of Women’s
League for Conservative Judaism is “to strengthen and unite synagogue
women’s groups and their members; support them in mutual efforts to understand and
perpetuate Conservative / Masorti Judaism in the home, synagogue and community;
and reinforce their bonds with Israel and with Jews worldwide”.
As a member of Women’s League for Conservative Judaism, the Sisterhood of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center provides innovative programming designed to educate
and stimulate members of every age. We have customized leadership training to help
our Sisterhood members be the best they can be. Our Sisterhood is dedicated to
creating a vibrant Jewish community with the values of Jewish tradition.
BE INFORMED ... about women’s issues, world communities, the arts, health, the
family, Jewish traditions. Our Sisterhood has programming and activities ranging
from community service and world affairs to Judaic studies.
BE ENRICHED ... by sharing ideas with members of our Sisterhood. Enhance
your personal, family and community life through participation in our wide array of
programs and classes.
BE INSPIRED... and make your personal mark on your community, the Conservative
Movement and the world at-large. Participate in local projects to better the lives of
those in need. Respond to advocacy initiatives.
BE INVOLVED ... as an organization we learn to enrich our Jewish cultural
life, support Israel, encourage social responsibility and perpetuate Conservative
Judaism.
Join our network and become a part of this dynamic organization. We have over
three hundred women who work together to make our Sisterhood strong. We have
women who volunteer their time to make our events and commitments a success.
Add your voice to this large network of synagogue women. Together our many
voices can make a difference.
I thank you for giving me your trust. I thank you for the honor of working with
this new board and for the honor of working for you. I will work with an open mind
and an open heart. With this fabulous group of women, together, I believe we can
accomplish anything. Together, with this new board, the leadership of the past and
our members we will be successful.
L’shana Tovah, a Happy and Healthy New Year to you and your families.
—Gayle D. Bailys
Past Presidents Council
Sybil Ansbacher, Shirley Bielski, Etta Fialkow,
Ellen Freedman, Marilyn Garber, Phyllis Goldberg,
Renee Gordon, Wendy Honigman, Clara Jaffe,
Annetta Kornblum, Kathy Osterer, Marsha Pollock,
Jeanine Rogozinski, Joanne Rosenberg, Maxine Romo,
Barbara Safer, Bonnie Sandler, Shirley Schinasi,
Beth Shorstein, Blanche Slott
31
===== PAGE 236 =====
Communities and Organizations
===== PAGE 237 =====
Communities and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
5769
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Men’s Club
— 2008-2009 —
Men’s Club Officers
President
Dan Wohl
Vice President
Neil Gordon
Secretary
Devon Rubin
Treasurer
Harry Peltz
Board Members
Allan Andrew
Moti Demri
Brad Herbst
Mike Herring
Bruce Phillips
Dave Schmerer
Todd Werwa
Past Presidents
Dave Schmerer
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
“Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life99
This is an organization dedicated to the enrichment of Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish community. The Men’s Club provides an opportunity for
our Center men to work together supporting, sponsoring, and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish
Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs (FJMC), an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities and Center participation
have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards
from FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program is now a model for Men’s
Clubs across the nation. We continue to participate in a wide range of programs and
activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so that every
Congregant can honor the memory of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah. We sponsor
educational programs based on the “Hearing Men’s Voices” series on issues involving
family, religion, career and health for the Jewish man in today’s world.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and Education leaders to
support your children and the Center youth organizations. We are available to lend
a helping hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima conventions.
We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards
that recognize and reward our youth for reading Torah in our synagogue services.
The Men’s Club Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each Spring to one
Teacher in the Center schools who best represents the life commitment necessary
to bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children. We provide hand crafted
Israeli Kiddush cup sets for the Confirmation students and a metal finished Kiddush
Cup for Bar and Bat Mitzvah students. We sponsor and raise funds for the Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to
attend Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who otherwise would not
have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends, have fun, and meet
people from our synagogue as well as our regional Jewish community. Our members
regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play pick-up softball and touch football
games, depending on the season, of course! Over the years, we have gone on deep
sea fishing trips, provided opportunities to meet with local Jewish celebrities, and
have had family outings to the Jacksonville Suns baseball and Barracudas ice hockey
games. In the fall, our annual Membership Kickoff Party features lunch and raffles
while we watch the Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the big screen TV.
We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Throughout the year,
Men’s Club members help with Sukkot and Lag B’Omer programs and we lead and
participate in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. You will find us
ushering at morning services every Shabbat and on Holidays. We are members of
the Board of Directors. We are your children’s teachers. We are your husbands, your
brothers, your friends, your fathers and sons.
If you are at least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center community, membership in the Men’s Club is yours to enjoy. Give us a call.
Come on out to an activity. See what’s new. I think you’ll feel good sharing your time
and lending support with other guys like you!
—Dan Wohli Center Men’s Club President
33
===== PAGE 238 =====
AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL
COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
Combining Voice, Data & Video
• VOICE OVER IP APPLICATIONS
•VOICE MAIL SYSTEMS
• VOICE & DATA CABLING
PBX/KEY SYSTEMS
CTI SOLUTIONS
SECURITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Communications Engineer
Over 37 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
TOSHIBA
Sesi;
BellSouth®
904-363-0033
8917 Western Way • Suite 20 • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
line
uncovering opportunities
• Managed Accounts
׳ Life Insurance & Annuities
׳ Small Business Consulting
׳ Alternative Investments
DIGGER
man.
Ms.
Investment Planning
Retirement Planning
Wealth Management
Hedge Fund Opportunities
• Residential/Commercial Real Estate LLC Partnerships
& Customer Enhanced Buy/Sell Pass-Through Transactions
www.DiggerCapital.com
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Adivisor
Licensed Real Estate Salesperson
(904) 730-7442 direct • (866) 730-7442 toll-free
scott@diggercapital.com
AOL Instant Messenger: DiggerCapital
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year
The Balotin ,s - Scott, Ellen, Casey, Parker & Digger
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
34
===== PAGE 239 =====
Where will your child be after school?
The J JC. Kjds CJub is safe, exciting,
creative, fun and educational
Oet Ready for a
TRIR AROUND
ThL WORLD!
Rassports Ready, R)ags Rached,
Ready to ~Ralee Off!
f7or more information contact £)onna 51 avin,
K^ids CJub d.°ordinator at Z68-^rZOO ext. 1 4־5־
Two/year old through Pre-K programs accredited by the
Florida Kindergarten Council
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
PRESCHOOL
w₪₪₪₪₪₪₪f
CELEBRATE
LEARN « DISCOVER
35
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 240 =====
Florida Sound Engineering Co., inc.
2061 Emerson Street, B
Jacksonville, FL 32207
wuvw.floridasound.com
0444־396 (904)
Specializing in Audio-Visual systems for:
► Conference Rooms ► Houses of Worship
► Auditoriums ► Convention Centers
► Training Rooms ► Stadiums & Arenas
No Job too big or small
Professional Sound & Video System Installation and Service
Compliments of
min
GATE
PETROLEUM COMPANY
9540 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 737-7220
X^ieciiterrania
"“״El RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
* Lt*hl * \jvJl
3877 Baymeadows Road
just of San Jose Boulevard
731-2898
fax 731 -4492
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
AIU064
www.restaurant.com
Three locations
to Serve You:
10325 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
8933־288 (904)
100 N. Laura St.
Jacksonville, FL 32202
3040־421 (904)
12740 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32225
3001־220 (904)
www.jaxbank.com
Jacksonville
TETBank
The Way Banking Should Be.
Waitz & Moye, Inc.
Professional Engineering Services
Civil • Environmental •
Transportation Traffic * Planning
3738 Southside Blvd.
Suite 101
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Telephone (904) 642-8311
Fax (904) 642-8336
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
Berman Bros., Inc.
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 3533694־
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
36
===== PAGE 241 =====
Special Events
5768 Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival of Sukkot.
Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On Simhat Torah, we bring to
a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin anew. An ancient tradition evolved of
honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit.
In our synagogue tradition, we also honor the contributions made by an Ayshet Hayil, “Woman of Valor”.
Susan DuBow
Ayshet Hayil
After leaving
Jacksonville for
New York, and then
Los Angeles, Susan
was a partner in an
80 person public
relations and
marketing firm. Her
clients, and several of the events she
worked on, included Barbra Streisand,
Barry Manilow, Howie Mandel, Jenny
McCarthy, James Brolin, Ed McMahon,
Vanity Fair’s Oscar Party, Entertainment
Tonight’s Emmy Party, In Style
Magazine’s Golden Globe Party and
many more. Susan and her partners sold
the firm in 2000 and she moved home to
Jacksonville.
Upon returning home, Susan has
unselfishly devoted her time to many
worthwhile endeavors. She currently is
serving as Interim Executive Director of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center; she also
serves on the Board of Directors at the
Jewish Federation, Memories of Love,
and the Community Hospice Foundation.
She has chaired the Center Raffle, co-
chaired the River Garden Gala and
created a maj or fundraiser for Community
Hospice for Northeast Florida.
With her generous heart and spirit,
and her tremendous leadership abilities,
we honor Susan as our Ayshet Hayil,
Woman of Valor. Mazel Tov to Susan,
her daughter Shira, her parents and her
entire family.
Scott Zimmerman
Hatan Bereshit
Born and raised in
Jacksonville, from
kindergarten at 3rd
& Silver to
Confirmation,
Scott’s own Jewish
education was
received in the
synagogue and classrooms of the Center.
Who better to teach here, than he who
himself has been taught here?
After graduating from the
University of South Florida, with a
Bachelors in Elementary and Early
Childhood Education, Scott taught
elementary school for six years before
joining his family’s business in 1982.
Scott served on the Board of
Directors, the Youth Commission and the
Religious Committee for many years.
He was the JJC Basketball Commissioner
from 20002004־, and taught Hebrew
School and Sunday School under the
leadership of Rabbi Kentof.
Since 2000, Scott has been the
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School Etgar teacher, JJC Ritual Director
and B’nai Mitzvah Coordinator. He has
trained over 200 children for their Bar/
Bat Mitzvahs and organized over 1500
Torah readings. His dedication to the
Center is unmatched.
We look forward to our future with
this year’s Hatan Bereshit! Mazel Tov to
Scott & Suzanne, children Casie and
Aron, and all the members of his family.
Mitchell Levine
Hatan Torah
Bom and raised in
Miami, Mitch and
his wife Sue moved
to Jacksonville in
1988 from Stamford,
Connecticut. Mitch
graduated from
Vanderbilt
University with a degree in English
Literature, and from the University of
Pittsburgh School of Dentistry with
distinction. He went on to complete an
orthodontic residency at Temple University
in 1986 and earned Diplómate status from
the American Board of Orthodontics in
1996. He is a fellow of the College of
Diplomates and has been in the private
practice of orthodontics since 1988.
Mitch has been on the Center’s
Board of Directors for a number of years.
Presently, he is beginning his term as the
President of the synagogue. A regular
Friday morning minyan attendee, he has
also been a Raffle co-chair.
Mitch has served as both Campaign
Chair and President of the Jacksonville
Jewish Federation. He is the past chair of
the Beit Midrash Hebrew High Program
and was a member of the Board of
Directors for United Jewish Communities
(UJC) as well as a member of the United
Jewish Appeal Leadership Cabinet. A past
recipient of the llene Selevan Young
Leadership Award, he currently sits on the
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation board of
directors.
Mitch and Sue were recently
honored by the Jewish National Fund with
the Tree of Life award, as well as by the
State of Israel Bonds for their commitment
to Israel and the Jewish community.
We extend a hearty Mazel Tov to
Mitch and Sue, their daughters Stefanie,
Kara, Emily and Jenna and their entire
family.
37
===== PAGE 242 =====
Special Events
2008 Raffle for Education
The 33 rd Annual Center Raffle/
Fundraiser for Excellence was a
beautiful celebration of Jewish
education and the Jacksonville
Jewish Center schools. This
wonderful morning was chaired
by Holly and Mark Emas,
Andrea and Steven Mail and
Honorary Chairpersons Edith
and Bruce Horovitz. Along
with an amazing committee
they created an opportunity for
550 adults to attend a beautiful brunch at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. In
addition, 170 children attended the complimentary ‘Mini-Raffle’ which had
fun activities including a puppet show by Joanne Davis. Seventy Center
students participated in the main Raffle event singing HaTikvah, God Bless
America and Its a Small World in Hebrew (Zeh Olam Katan Meod). The
main prize was won by Betsy and Dennis Mizrahi who have two daughters,
Rachel and Evelyn, in the Martin J Gottlieb Day School.
The Rabbi David Gaffney Leadership in Education Award was presented to
Mrs. Zipora Zucker for her dedication and service to our community and
to the students whose lives she touched during her 40 years at the Center.
Fundraising goals were exceeded by the generous support of the community.
All funds were designated to projects which promote excellence in Jewish
and secular education at the Center Schools.
Event Committee
Thank you for your incredible energy and
ideas in making this event a success.
Robin Allerding
Caren Appel
Debbie Banks
Carrie Bielski
Shirley Bielski
Shereen Canady
Shireen Chafetz
Sonya Cohen
Irene Cywes
Meredith Dragon
Helen DuBow
Michael DuBow
Susan DuBow
Yakov Feig
Etta Fialkow
Rebecca Fixel
Amy Freidman
Marilyn Garber
Kim Glasgal
Carole Goldberg
Phyllis Goldberg
Sara Gross
Rachel Haas
Sharon Herbst
Risa Herman
Andrea Hernandez
Karianne Jaffa
Carolyn Krestul
Candace Cooke
Christina Levine
Mitch Levine
Sue Levine
Lynn Marlowe
Michelle Margol
Charles Mibab
Faye Mizrahi
Mauri Mizrahi
Robin Morris
Sonya Morris
Kathy Osterer
Jennifer Plotkin
Cheryl Plotkin
Marsha Pollack
Meryl Rittenberg
Jeanine Rogozinski
Marjie Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Ellen Rosner
Perrin Rubin
Jay Sandler
Shari Saye
Tammy Schemer
Lori Schoettler
Fran Selevan
Debra Setzer
Kandi Shainbrown
Noemi Szoychen
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Talie Zaifert
Lynn Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Jen Zunic
===== PAGE 243 =====
Special Events
2008 Raffle for Education
In-Kind Sponsors
3 Sisters Chocolate Bar & Bakery
d’Orsay
DM Image Design
Alan Nathans Family Chiropractic
Baby Sign-A-Long
Margo’s Catering
Football Fanatics
Stein Mart
Donors
Visionary -
DuBow Family Foundation
Andrea & Steven Mail
Jerry & Anita Zucker & Family
Pacesetter ■
Debbie & Mel Gottlieb
Susan & Mitchell Levine
PEJE Foundation
Debra & Leonard Setzer
Benefactor -
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Selevan Family
Leader -
Holly & Mark Ernas
Frisch Families
Doris & Jeff Goldstein
Kim Glasgal & Peter Levy
Shorstein Family
Zimmerman Family Foundation
The Lodge & Oub at Ponte Vedra
Jax Jugglers
Ken & Sofia Eveiy of the Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra
Puzzles Plus
Heirlooms Bistro
Partner ■
Lawrence Ansbacher, Caren & Larry Appel, Sonya & David Cohen, Raissa & Lazar Finker, Levenson Family Foundation,
Rochelle & David Marcus, Robin & Jeffrey Morris, Debbie & Jeff Parker, Chaim & Jeanine Rogozinski, Reuben Sch-
neider, Mary & Leonard Selber, Carole & Louis Shlipak, Stacie & Larry Wilf, Sandy Zimmerman
Patron ■
Alexandra & Scot Ackerman, Anne Bernstein, Abe & Shirley Bielski, Gabrielle & Jeff Bubis, Kim & Mark Cheiken, Merle
& Ron Cherry, Denise Sherman & Yakov Feig, Dina & Howard Fetner, Linda & Nathan Franzblau, Phyllis & Larry Gold-
berg, Ira E. Goldfield, CLII ChFC, Miriam & Steven Greenhut, Madeline & Stuart Hecht, Risa & Stuart Herman, Sheila &
Leo Jacobson, Jamie & Daren Jaffe, Barbara & Larry Jaffe, Brenda & Ron Katz, Mimi & Mickey Kersun, Debbie Banks &
Garry Kitay, Joan & Ron Levin, Phyllis & George Levin, Eva & Charles Lipman, Oren Margol, Mibab Family, Mauri & Alan
Mizrahi, Judy & Eddie Mizrahi, Faye & Steve Mizrahi, Carol & Joel Morris, Kahty & Morrie Osterer, Barbara Parker,
Cheryl & Jay Plotkin, Jen & Rick Plotkin, Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin, Wendy & Fred Pozin, Meryl & Harris Rittenberg,
Kim & David Robbins, Howard Roey, Marjie & Abe Rogozinski, Ellen & Alan Rosner, Devon & Perrin Rubin, Ellen &
Barry Setzer, Judy & Stephen Silverman, Rorl & Barry Stevens, Rexine & Charles Trager, Cindy & Dan Wohl, Arelene &
Evan Yegelwel, Cathy & Bruce Yergin, Robin & Brad Zimmerman
39
===== PAGE 244 =====
P REMI E R
P O R T F O LIO
OF CLUB $
The Gate Petroleum Company of
Jacksonville is proud to own and operate
four of the most prestigious private
membership clubs in Florida ־־ the
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club, Epping
Forest Yacht Club, The River Club
and The Lodge & Club . From this
premier portfolio of clubs, an exciting
membership has evolved...The Gate
Governors Club.
A membership in the Governors Club
makes it possible to enjoy privileges at any
combination of two or more clubs within
the Gate family. Club combinations are
packaged and attractively priced creating a
tremendous value.
Governors Club members enjoy such
diverse features as a world class marina,
Atlantic Ocean beaches, championship golf,
tennis, fitness and a luxury spa. A variety of
outstanding restaurants and an exciting
social calendar makes this membership a
desirable choice.
For more information on membership
opportunities and benefits available
with the Gate Governors Club,
please call 9047200־739־ or visit
www.gategovernorsclub.com.
Epping Forest Yacht Club
The River Club Ponte Vedra Inn & Club
The Lodge & Club
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
40
===== PAGE 245 =====
Special Events
We Gratefully Acknowledge
Our Community Sponsors
The Gottlieb Family & Jacksonville Bank
Greene-Hazel & Associates
DuBow Family Foundation
Jacksonville Greyhound Racing
Jacksonville Jaguars, Ltd.
Far East Brokers and Consultants
GrayRobinson, P.A.
Nimnicht Cadillac
PetGuard
Promo Depot
TSG Realty
Vandroff Insurance
Wachovia Securities - The Jaffe Group
Audio Video Lifestyles, Inc.
The Parker Family
Liberty Property Trust
Seafood Sales & Service
Party City of Jacksonville
T.C.S. - Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
The Howard Roey Family
Everbank
Mizrahi & Garris Insurance Agency
Ramada Inn - Mandarin
S.E. Joseph & Sons
Shorstein & Kelly Attorney’s at Law, P.A.
9th Annual JJC Golf Classic
The 9th annual Golf Classic, played at the Ponte Vedra Ocean
Course, was not only a great financial success, but a great
time was had by all who participated. Camaraderie was high
and the competition was keen. Congratulations to all.
The credit for this successful program goes to Rick Plotkin,
tournament chair, the committee: Sandy Zimmerman,
Michael DuBow, Jeff Leach, Ben Setzer, Howie Wolpoff,
and Lori Schoettler, Center administrative liaison.
Additional thanks goes to all who helped the day of the
tournament.
The beautiful, Waterford crystal, Horty
T. Gendzier Cup was presented to
the tournament winners Joe Bucher,
John Roberts and Price Schwenck of
Jacksonville Bank.
Horty T. Gendzier was a dedicated
beacon of Jewish education and a
Horty T. Gendzier champion of youth at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and the community. Once
again she was remembered and appreciated when this year’s
Waterford crystal award, the “HORTY,” was presented to
the tournament champions, the team from the Jacksonville
Bank. Proceeds of this fundraising effort directly benefit
scholarships for Jewish education at the Center.
Since 1999, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Golf Classic has
raised thousands of dollars in scholarship money for Samuel &
Esther Galinsky Educational Programs at the Center. Through
the generosity of our sponsors, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is able to offer financial assistance regardless of synagogue
affiliation.
41
===== PAGE 246 =====
Serving the Jacksonville community for over 35 years!
Proud to Be the Exclusive Caterer for the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
♦ Delicious Meals to Go for Shabbat, Holidays or that Special Event
*♦* Bris/Baby Naming
❖ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
♦> Weddings
♦♦♦ Shiva Meals
♦♦♦ Corporate and Private Events
(Full catering, self pickup or drop off)
♦♦♦ Off premise Kosher catering always available
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with
Wonderful Celebrations
Call us today to make your special event truly special!
268-4200 ext. 142 or 130
“Remember, Margo ,s is available for all your catering needs, in your
place or ours! ”
Under Strict Kashrut Supervision by Rabbi Lubliner
— rf
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
42
===== PAGE 247 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Alana Ainsleigh Werwa
October 9, 2007
Parents
Todd & Lara Werwa
Spencer Jacob Goldstein
September 17, 2007
Parents
Jay & Laurie Goldstein
Grandparents
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
Nathan Gedaliah Kugler
August 20, 2007
Parents
Jennifer & Jay Kugler
Grandparents
Ruchel & Steve Broadman
Great-Grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Maxwell Alexander Wolinetz
November 28, 2007
Parents
Galina & Brian Wolinetz
Yakov & Svetlana Goldiner
Kara Jeanne Hoffman
November 27, 2007
Great-grandmother
Hilda S. Lewit
Molly Anne Rudowitz
November 11, 2007
Parents
Marcy & Michael Rudowitz
Grandparents
Ellen & George Rubens
Certified Mohel מווןבי־
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
118 Willow Bend Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
www.fioridamohel.com
MLLOOcN”
Si’E.CMLISfl
Take your next event to new heights!
Gala Affairs/Grand Openings
Corporate Events/Tradeshows
Banquets/Award Ceremonies
Weddings/Receptions
Proms/Reunions/Parties
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Billie Turner (904) 7248553־
43
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 248 =====
weI s )
3802 Beach Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32207
SINCE 1947
904 398-8601
All Major Credit Cards Accepted
WWW.KUHNFLOWERS.COM
r La Tienda Jewelry w ר
6059 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Tel: 904.731.4646
Fax: 904.731.4625
JGraff@LaTiendaJewelrv.com
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Thursday 9:00am - 6:00 pm
EXPERT JEWELRY
AND WATCH REPAIR
Whether you’re looking for an insurance appraisal, jewelry repair, watch
repair, 14K and 18K gold chains, charms, rings and bracelets. Diamonds of
all sizes, precious and semi-precious stones. Seiko watches, silver jewelry
and the largest inventory of gold Judaic jewelry in Jacksonville.
La Tienda Jewelry is your complete source for all your jewelry needs, with
over 30 years of experience!
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
44
===== PAGE 249 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Etai Shaul Dragon
January 17, 2008
Parents
Meredith & Zev Dragon
Kyra Dorona Jaffa
December 17, 2007
Parents
Daniel & Karianne Jaffa
Andrew Zachary Wolpoff
December 11, 2007
Parents
Beth & Howard Wolpoff
Grandparents
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
Adyson Claire Shapiro
April 8, 2008
Parents
Adam & Jami Shapiro
Max Luca Sherman
February 29, 2008
Parents
Freddie & Julie Sherman
Grandmother
Wanda Mikis
Asher Joseph Gottlieb
January 21, 2008
Parents
Aaron & Erica Gottlieb
Grandparents
Mel & Debbie Gottlieb
45
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 250 =====
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
By Appointment only
Ramfis Photographic
Qi\A- 68 ר. maa
lifzv^K
Bar/BatMi tzvah
Capturing your Families Tradition
with an Artist Style for generations to come
Serving Jacksonville's
Jewish Community for
over 10 years
===== PAGE 251 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Jason Benisch
April 19, 2008
Parents
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Grandparents
Ann & Leon Silke
Evan Benisch
April 19, 2008
Parents
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Grandparents
Ann & Leon Silke
Emily Benisch
April 19, 2008
Parents
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Grandparents
Ann & Leon Silke
Daniel Simon Aronsohn
July 11,2008
Parents
Drs. Renee & Andrew
Aronsohn
Great-grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Gabe Ethan Morris
June 26, 2008
Parents
Nicole & Neil Morris
Grandparents
Barbara & Jerry Portnoy
Brooke Rachel Manasse
May 29, 2008
Parents
Dorone & Lisa Manasse
Grandmother
liana Manasse
Jocelyn Brooke Mibab
May 16, 2008
Parents
Debra & Alan Mibab
Grandfather
Perry Mibab
Fun for
everyone...
No experience
needed!!!
Create your own
piece of hand-
painted art.
Great for
I parties, group
I events and more:
BlSÜ
Doing Dishes
5619 San Jose
Blvd.
Jacksonville, FI
32207
904-730-3729
doingdishes.com
ath/s Creations
• Banquets/Weddings
Balloon • Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Decorating | & Class Reunions
• Corporate & Gala Affairs
Professional Balloon
Decorating For All Your
Special Events!
Cathy Harrison,
Owner
5580־904-246
47
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 252 =====
904.398.7668
c£c\s*%s
Em
PHOTOART
Customized Photographic Services
for all your personal and business needsl
www.MitzvahPhotos.com
! Patronizing Our Advertiser
Yearbook
Mention.
===== PAGE 253 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Jacob Michael Hecht
Son of
Rose & Larry Hecht
Grandmother
Tootsie Hecht
November 30 &
December 1, 2007
Elana Michelle Maiman
Daughter of
Lynn & Leonardo Maiman
Grandmother
Beverly Goldstein
November 23 & 24, 2007
David Alan Zhukov
Son of
Svetlana Zhukova
November 9 & 10, 2007
Nicole Ansbacher
Daughter of
Debra Ansbacher &
Lawrence Ansbacher
Grandmother
Sybil Ansbacher
Octoberl9 & 20, 2007
Zachary Sandler
Son of
Dayan &
Jeffrey Sandler
December 7 & 8, 2007
Erica Katzin
Daughter of
Heidi Katzin &
Richard Katzin
January 11 & 12, 2008
Justin Phillip Vitiello
Son of
Robin & Richard Vitiello
January 4 & 5, 2008
Aron Zimmerman
Son of
Suzanne &
Scott Zimmerman
Grandmother
Mary Brissinger
December 14 & 15, 2007
• Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
• Private Parties
• Fund Raisers
"We don't just deliver props,
we plan your event
and create atmosphere"
Raymond D. Scott
904-342-6573
a R D u S
EVENT PRODUCTIONS
49
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 254 =====
Eat. Drink. Play.®
in our Million Dollar Midway, there’s tons
195־ @ J.Turner Butler Blvd.
904.296.1525
daveandbusters.com
of fun for everyone! Big occasions require
big celebrations, so talk to one of our
event planners today!
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
50
===== PAGE 255 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Britney Norton
Daughter of
Missy Frisch & Rick Norton
February 29 &
March 1, 2008
Jared Wolfson
Son of
Lisa & Bud Wolfson
Grandmother
Renee Moses
February 15 & 16, 2008
Alex Wolfson
Son of
Lisa & Bud Wolfson
Grandmother
Renee Moses
February 15 & 16, 2008
Blair DeCrispino
Daughter of
Robin & Scott DeCrispino
Grandparents
Deborah & Alan Fialkow
February 8 & 9, 2008
Katherine Guth
Daughter of
Amy Guth
May 2 & 3, 2008
Avi Rubin
Son of
Perrin & Devon Rubin
April 11 & 12, 2008
Hannah Mizrahi
Daughter of
Steven & Faye Mizrahi
Grandparents
Judy & David Mizrahi
March 14 & 15, 2008
Rebekah Peltz
Daughter of
Sharon & Harry Peltz
Grandmother
Lois Peltz
March 7 & 8, 2008
ntertainment
Anyone Can Viay Music,
We Entertain!
(904) 880-7887
Simchas & Special Celebrations
Start With
Invitations from Marcia Wasserman
33 Years Experience Selling Superb Collections of
Unique and Traditional Personalized Papers
20% DISCOUNT 2463246־
OFF RETAIL PRICE FOR APPOINTMENT
(Your House or Mine)
51
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 256 =====
call 399-5799 andschedy\eyourph>ot&gr<xphy
impute It!
We׳ Cmtt It!
J MC's & DJ's
| J Photography
J Live Entertainment
j|J DigiPix
J Lighting and Production
1J Video
n Complete Event Coordination
407-772-9000
52 Mention the Center Yearbook when ■1
www.jrpartys.com
Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 257 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Michelle Cagan
Daughter of
Leonard & Laura Cagan
May 23 & 24, 2008
Gabrielle Cohen
Daughter of
David & Sonya Cohen
May 16 & 17, 2008
Maci Morse
Daughter of
Todd & Karen Morse
Grandparents
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen
May 9 & 10, 2008
Trudy Morse
Daughter of
Todd & Karen Morse
Grandparents
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen
May 9 & 10, 2008
Jacob Raikes
Son of
Mitchell & Mary Ann Raikes
June 13 & 14, 2008
David Raikes
Son of
Larry Raikes
June 13 & 14, 2008
Joshua Stevens
Son of
Rori & Barry Stevens
June 6 & 7, 2008
Joshua Gordon
Son of
Neil & Minda Gordon
May 30 & 31, 2008
Joshua Schoettler
Son of
Jim & Lori Schoettler
June 27 & 28, 2008
53
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 258 =====
fsalggp
*the event producers
PÜ'CT'IONsmoMT 904.398.81 W
audio visual •■themeras^rops • video production • graphic design
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 259 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Faye Setzer & Ari Schuchman
December 30, 2007
Married in Israel
Parents
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Jessica Osterer & Victor Hassid
December 15, 2007
Parents
Kathy & Morrie Osterer
ÓBeauíifui cJmageó...
(>$eautifuf! Cy^temoUeó.
יווויי
Wedding & Event
Specialists
Since 1993
^¿7 $OC$vesi
PhoKDgraphlc Rrt
Studio: 904-6410213־
Cell: 904-349-6295
kengodwinstudio.com
55
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 260 =====
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
56
===== PAGE 261 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Cassandra Nelson & David Goldberg
June 1,2008
Married in Weston, FL
Parents Carole Goldberg & the late Robert Goldberg
Jennifer Henle & Douglas Davis
March 22,2008
Married in North Brunswick, NJ
Parents Stephen & Judy Davis
liv'r xwist
Mobile Mixology
Complete leverage Catering
Weddings • ¡fiar Mitzvahs • Corporate & Private Parties
We Provide Bars, bartenders
241-6858
Mixers, Glassware <£ All Supplies
■■■■■— "
Fu# !kaisers Fr®׳##*־ s|
Margaritas., B&iqviris, gise.l
&Ig91l91 9t ñ9ñ alc®It®l av*aifabfe T
57
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 262 =====
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
58
===== PAGE 263 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Nicole Beth Portnoy and Neil Howard Morris
July 4, 2008
Parents Barbara and Jerry Portnoy
Todd and Finesse Blumenthal
June 29, 2008
Married in Atlanta GA
Parents Sue Ann Blumenthal &
the late Henry Allen Blumenthal
Choose A ,Fantasy in Flowers as your (Personal Florist
for Weddings, (Bar & (Bat (M itzvahs and all special occasions
98917־ San Jose Boulevard Jacksonville, Florida 32257 904 268-7022 www.fantasyinflowers.com
59
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 264 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE DWAYNE MOORE
President Vice President
Florida’s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
southernmonnment@bellsouth.net
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
60
===== PAGE 265 =====
Burial and Mourning
—Committee 20082009־—
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this important com-
mittee:
Chairperson
Howard Wolpoff
Keith Kupperman
Morrie Osterer
Penny Powell
Nathan Sandler
Jason Schmerer
Blanche Slott
Elyse Whitman
Sumner Waitz
Officers 20082009־
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President /
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Bruce Goldring
Secretary
Naomie Bosssen
Taharah
Committee Chairs
Ava Axelrod
Stacey Goldring
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day
except Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north
on North Main Street to Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and
go until you reach Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New
Cemetery, travel north on North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right on
43rd Street. The entrance is at the next
right, which is Liberty Street.
As part of their studies, Middle
School students of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School and the Etgar
class at the Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School learn about the
respectful care of the dead, including
tending of burial sites. Asamitzvah
project, the students annually visit the
both Center cemeteries to clean and
care for neglected headstones. We are
proud and grateful to these children
for performing an important mitzvah.
Loved ones can be remembered with a memorial plaque, to be placed on the
memory wall located in the Rogozinski Family Promenade, and a tribute in the
annual Yizkor booklets. You can also learn more about purchasing individual
and family plots at the New Center Cemetery. Details are available in the
Center office. Additionally, contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance
and maintain our cemeteries.
Hevra Kaddisha
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death;
yet, it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of
life, of which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our
departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn re-
sponsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated lay-
men from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional duties,
and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process begins
with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the body
for burial. In addition, a Shomer, guardian, will stay at the side of the deceased
reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, un-
der the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment
and dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews re-
gardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
—Nathan C. Sandler, President
61
===== PAGE 266 =====
GIDDENS
HARDAGE
FUNERAL HOMES & CEMETERIES
Sandra Moore
Shannon M. Curry
Gary Alexander
Jennifer Crews
Maurice Phillips
John Sullivan
Larry Flor
Gene Morse
Jett Campla
Linda Collins
Karen Bacchus
Tina Smith
Jacksonville Area
729 Edgewood Avenue S.
2711־388־904
Gordon Hardage, Sr.
Ronald Giddens
Robin Giddens Sheppard
Paul Naugle
Janis Diamond
John Guelde
Shaunda Lawson
Tephi Halverson
Brent Perry
Lauren Pechacek
Corrie Solomon
Kerri Landress
7 Locations in
4115 Hendricks Avenue
3808־346־904
4315 Main Street
6585־356־904
11801 San Jose Boulevard
0025־288־904
850 B, St. Johns Bluff Road 5753 Blanding Boulevard
5727־777־904 9755־641־904
1701 Beach Boulevard
Jacksonville Beach
2374־249־904
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
62
===== PAGE 267 =====
Lifecycle Events
Dear Departed
Jean Cramer
August 31, 2007
Jack Silverman
December 6, 2007
Philip Copans
March 21, 2008
Eloise Bono
July 1, 2008
Barbara Katz
September 4, 2007
Joseph Sandler
January 2, 2008
Dora Hipler
April 10, 2008
Martin J. Wolf
July 6, 2008
Beatrice Mergner
September 19, 2007
Esther Mibab
January 7, 2008
Clarence Ghelerter
April 11,2008
Pearl Kramer
July 8, 2008
Martin Weisstein
October 8, 2007
Lillian Gordon
January 13, 2008
Glorya Weintraub
April 16, 2008
Rosalind Klein
August 2, 2008
Allan Levine
October 11, 2007
Joseph Jacob 66 JJ” Miller
January 12, 2008
Betty Rose
April 17, 2008
Stuart Hecht
August 8, 2008
Daniel Shemer
October 14, 2007
Edwin Held
January 18, 2008
Rita Eller
May 3, 2008
Estelle Sandler
August 9, 2008
Joseph Cohen
November 5, 2007
Alex Sekine
February 5, 2008
Rena Bernard
May 21, 2008
Serafima Kaplan
August 10, 2008
Sylvia Wexler
November 12, 2007
Milton Berman
February 5, 2008
Dorothy Shenkman
May 22, 2008
Irma Sandler
August 13, 2008
Zelda Rosenberg
November 14, 2007
Myra Cohen
February 10, 2008
Harold Gross
May 27, 2008
Janice Meisel
August 19, 2008
George Proctor
November 18, 2007
S. William 66Bill” Goldstein
March 20, 2008
Irving Isadore Dvoskin
June 3, 2008
Northside ^ Wand Ban Southside
4747 Main Street 4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32206 Funeral Homes Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 355-9545 George H. Hewell II Phone 737-4855
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
63
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 268 =====
Goldfield «fe Associates
CHARTERED FINANCIAL CONSULTANT
& INSURANCE ADVISOR
Ira E. Goldfield, clu ciifc
Providing Service in:
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
• Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
״ Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401(K) and Retirement Plans
1 Independent Drive • Suite 2901 • Jacksonville, Florida 32202 • (904) 3543726־
Securities and investment advisory services offered through Lincoln Financial Advisories Corp.,
member NASD, SIPC, and a registered investment advisor.
Insurance products offered through Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. and other fine companies.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
64
===== PAGE 269 =====
In Loving Memory of
Jeffrey Darryl Anchel
Beloved Son, Brother,
Uncle, Grandson & Husband
Forever in our hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Mom and Dad
Lisa, Bill, Christopher, Rachel, Curtis,
Cindy, Allyson, Katelynn and Brandon
Wendy, Jon, Kimberly and Andrew
Craig, Melinda, Michaela, Jacob and Jeffrey
Robyn, Justin, Briahna, Kesha, Devin and Sean
Grandma and Grandpa
===== PAGE 270 =====
*144 ^Üfzzm
In Loving Memory of
Lance Cohen9"1
Devoted
Husband and Father
You will always be loved, missed
and in our hearts forever.
Nancy, Brian and Miri
66
===== PAGE 271 =====
H4¿ cfiyEmsxnltrm^JfiErn
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Gartner
A Wonderful Husband,
Father and Friend
Liz, Tiffany and Jennifer
===== PAGE 272 =====
י’ ^We c^£,msmíj£.z ^Ufizr,
In Loving Memory ©f
Janice Meisel’"’
A Devoted Wife, Mother; Daughter and Friend
You will live in our hearts forever
Parents Doreen and Arnold Goodman
Husband Steve
Children Deborah and Michael
68
===== PAGE 273 =====
(144 cf^sMsmUr&i *ZJtizm.
In Loving MéHÉgij^of
Michael Rolnick^1
Loving Husband,
Friend and Grandfather
Rolnick
===== PAGE 274 =====
(T/l4 ¿Jxín1£,n1(7£Z *ZJtzzm
In Loving Memory of
Marty [Dad, Poppy] Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Elayne and Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda,
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie,
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father; grandfather;
great-grandfather and friend.
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett and Rachel
70
===== PAGE 275 =====
tJ^zrnsmljEX *Ufizm
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elynse Mo$A
Rosanne, Andy,
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kausii^
In Loving Memory ei
Daniel Pollan
Helene Pollan and Sons
Arthur, Irving, Steven and Edward |
and tllíSsífj Families
71
===== PAGE 276 =====
144* ־ c^smsmíjEZ ^üízzm =====
In Loving Memory of
Edwin Presser
Beloved Husband, Devoted Father
and Grandfather
We remember his special love and the wonderful times we shared,
and he is forever in our hearts.
Anne Presser
Marilyn, Stephen, Jeffrey
and their Families
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Beloved Wife, Mother and Grandmother
Jack Price
Ned & Sue Price
Lewis, Genna, Christopher and Brittney
Larry & Susan Price Zenick
Melissa & Anton Equagun
Kingsley and Jonah
Shoshana
Michael Price
David and Elana
72
===== PAGE 277 =====
ÍT44 ¿fKjEsftizmírzz [U/2£.m
In Loving Memory of Our
Fathers & Grandfathers
Jerry Zijcker
Leon Zijcker
Carl Goldberg
Anita, Jeffrey
Jonathan, Laura & Jeremy Eli Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas & Stella Rachel Muzin
In Loving Memory of
Arturo & Consuelo
Garza deGarza
Julio Martinez Nevarez
Irma Villalobos deGarza
Felix & Anna Haizband
Rhoda Jacoby
Al & Ann Rosenberg
Myron Rosenberg
Saul Rosenberg
Frank Rosenberg
Rick, Claudia, Joshua &
Jodie Rosenberg
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
His Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott & Maureen Baker
Reid, Suzette, Ryan,
Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie,
Mathew & Emily Baker
73
===== PAGE 278 =====
<zffen1£,mlj£x *ZJfzzm
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Always a part of our lives
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly Baker
Allen Ruby
Paula & Craig Warner
In Loving Memory of
Sol Gottlieb
Sidney and Anne
Rubens
Martin Gottlieb
Gottlieb and Rubens
Family
In Memory of
My Blessed Parents
In Memory of
Max Hirsch
Paula Eckhaus Hirsch
Marshal Graeer
and
Sigmund & Josephine Reisch
Martin H. Setzer
Wilhelm & Johanna Hirsch
Simon & Pessie Eckhaus
Devoted Fathers
Professor Josef Hirsch
and Grandfathers
Family Members Martyred 1939 - 1945
Josef & Mathilde Eckhaus
Benjamin Eckhaus
Karl Eckhaus
Ellen and Barry Setzer
Oskar Eckhaus
Dena Setzer
Jenny Hirsch Brueckner
Willhelm Brueckner
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
74
===== PAGE 279 =====
(744 ^Utzzm
In Loving Memory of
Ram i Krinsky
Llbliner
Estelle Hellman
Krinsky
Rabbi Immanuel
Llbliner
Rabbi Jonathan &
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior and Itamar
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Evelyn & Ralph
Mizrahi
Ginnette & Charles Mizrahi
Judy & David Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
In Loving Memory of
Annie & Oscar Margol
Rea & Harry
Jarchower
Bessie Gamce
Frieda Katz
Belle Margol
Melvin Margol
Alice Eber
Marilyn & Wilbur Margol
and Family
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Sonya & Jan Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daniel Aron, Daren Joshua
& Shana Leslie
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Shira Rebecca, Aliza Danielle
& Zachary Asher
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
Jerald & Karen Morris
===== PAGE 280 =====
^]/1/e <J^zmzm¡7z1 *HTtzzni
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Mel Newman
Beloved Husband, Dad & Poppop
Our wonderful memories of so much love
and devotion are ours forever.
Jeanette
Simon & Pamela Newman
Drew Newman
Shelley & Jerry Linsey
David & Lauren Linsey
Robin & Paul Lafata
Randy Linsey
Allison & Phil Cuba
Holly & Randi Zanville
In Loving Memory of
Herman and Zelda
Rosenberg
Joseph and Marianne
DeFalco
Jeanine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Debbie Katz
...and in our heart forever!
Joanne and Sandy Rosenberg
Lindsay, Whitney & Jillian
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Judy Price
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishler
Jerry & Florence Schemer
“All professions can boast,
but the teacher taught them all. ”
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved
Husband, Father & Teacher
Clive Andriesse
Freida Andriesse
Sarah & Jason Agidius
Jonathon Andriesse
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Sadie & David Barnett
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Sybil Ansbacher
and Family
76
===== PAGE 281 =====
^]/pk <z/\£)7l£)7l(7£’l kkJíizyn
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
and
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Chary and Michael Greenburg
and Family
In Loving Memory of
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Barbara & Michael Schneider
Lisa and Stefanie
Ivy & Joshua Weingram
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ethel Greene
Ed Jackson & Rose Jackson
Lynne & Alan Greene
In Loving Memory of
“Rita” Griette J. Eller
Feb. 13,1933 - May 3, 2008
Loving Wife, Mother & Grandmother
George Eller & Family
In Loving Memory of
Bernard Heyman
Bobbie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman,
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg
Carole Goldberg
David & Cassandra Goldberg
Eric & Sherry Goldberg
Lane Goldberg
Marjorie Goldberg
■■ ־ :.-■::j
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Mr. & Mrs. Martin Sack, Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
77
===== PAGE 282 =====
(T44 dxknzznzíjzz ^Jízzm
In Loving Memory of Beloved
Wife, Mother, Grandmother &
Great Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
Forever in our hearts, always in our thoughts.
Jack Koolik
Bonnie, Neil, Scott, Laurie, Paul,
Dustin & Frankie Sandler
Susan, Edward, Matthew & Stephen Pilcer
Helene, Emily & Erika Saphire
In Loving Memory of Beloved
Husband, Father & Grandfather
Stuart Lipsky
Bess Lipsky
Bruce, Jan, Jessie & Emma Lipsky
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Krestul
Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Carolyn Krestul and Family
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
The DuBow Family
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents & Grandparents
Blanche & Sam Marks
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Alan, Jo, & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda & Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
In Loving Memory of
Abe & Sophie Marón
Leon Marón
Theodore Weisman
Morris Libby
Francis Libby
Fruma Libby
Winifred Libby
In Loving Memory of
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Wilf
Larry & Stacie Wilf
and Family
78
===== PAGE 283 =====
(T44 ^Utzzm
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Barney and Rachel Margolin
Louis and Rene Roey
David Benjamin
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Scott, Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie & Jennifer Roey
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber,
Beverly Shreiber,
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry,
Charles Cherry,
Ilene Selevan
Merle and Ron Cherry
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Naomi & Larry Lazar
In Loving Memory of
Our Beloved Parents & Sister
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Zach, Leslie & Sarah
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
In Loving Memory of
Phillip Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Margaret Schemer
Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Steven & Wendy Gross
Stephanie, Tony & Noah Arlotti
In Loving Memory of Our
Father and Grandfather
Ronald David Spiwak
You’ll be in our hearts forever!
Joanna, Adam & Sophie Levine
Rachel, Josh, Alec & Alaina Feinman
79
===== PAGE 284 =====
^VPk <zf^zm£m¡j£X ^Uízzm
In Loving Memory of
Ghana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Rose Levine
Joan & Ben Talpalar & Family
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Jonathan, Kim & Andrew Weintraub
Shelly Brewer
In Loving Memory of
Max & Mildred Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
Ilene Selevan
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Samuel H. Taxier
Samuel Gross
Soffie Gross
Theodore Taxier
Minnie Taxier
Mrs. S. H. Taxier
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
In Loving Memory of
Irving Geller
Betty & Harvey Goldring
David Goldring
Cynthia Goldring Freidlin
Beverly Geller & Family
In Loving Memory of All
Our Beloved Departed
Always In Our Hearts
Elayne Brown & Family
In Loving Memory of
Bessie & Manny Goldstein
Mildred & Herman Shafner
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
In Loving Memory of
Alan J. Aston
Max Mendelson
Elaine Aston Mendelson
In Loving Memory of My Parents & Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlam
In Memory of Our Beloved and Very Missed Barents
who are always in our hearts!
Morris and Rose Baumgarten
Harry and Rose (Honeybunch) Sneider
Rita & Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of
Norman Greenbaum
Miriam Greenbaum
Mary & Jacob Wexler
Rose & Morris Gray
Allen & Diane Greenbaum Gray
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Chaim & Riva Bielski
Joseph & Ada Sallick
SHirley & Abe Bielski
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
& Molly Rubinstein
Robin & Stanley Halpern & Family
===== PAGE 285 =====
(T44 ¿fxsmsniljzz ^Utzzm
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
Marilyn, Mike, Ellis, Ellen
& David Mass
In Loving Memory of
Ruth o; & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Jeri and Sam Bernard
Remembering the KaROW FAMILY
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Remembering the S1NGER FAMILY
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Doris Singer
In Loving Memory of
Wanda Organes
Macy A. and Myra Cohen
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
In Loving Memory of ,
Charlotte Z. Lafer, m.d.
Dennis Lafer & Family 1
In Loving Memory at -
Sidney Ralph
Devoted Husband, Father & Grandfather
LouAnn Ralph & Family
In Loving Memory of
Morris & Edie Levine
Bill, Stevie & Samantha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele
In Loving Memory of
Morton Maltz
Yetta & Louis Platt
Augusta Platt
Abraham Platt
Leonard Platt
Edna Maltz & Family
In Loving Memory ®Í'X-,
Leonard & Gertrude Rosenberg
Maurice & Jennie Ida Hollinger
Ruben & Rose Rosenberg
Sharon, AJ. and Jerry
In Loving Memory of
Klara Mezisko
Tamara, Boris & Julia Kufman
Inna & Tim Adler
In Loving Memory of
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic j
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan, Debra,
Aaron and Miriam Mibab
In Loving Memory of
Bernice & Alex Sekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl, Elizabeth & Sarah Sekine
Joshua, Emilie & Naomi Paige Sekine
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby, David, Jake & Rachael Pinsky
Jesse Rauchwarger
In Loving Memory of
Jack Silverman
Molly Silverman and Family
81
===== PAGE 286 =====
(144 D& snz
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman and Mary Singal
Norman and Clara Katcher
Sheldon and Elaine Singal
In Loving Memory of
David Granin
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Annette G. Bernstein
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan & Julie Witten
In Loving Memory of
Lester Greenfield ־ Steven Greenfield
Judy, Scott & Cynthia Greenfield
In Loving Memory of
Mr. & Mrs. Mitchell Lesnik
Mr. & Mrs. Earl Evans
The Lesnik Family
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank and Daphne Woodard
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of
Edward Allen Mervis
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney Norton
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yudowin
Max and Jean Shmunes
Joni, Harry, Adam, Kim
liana and Ross
In Memory of the Greatest Father
Irving Raikes
We miss you everyday - The Raikes Family
In Loving Memory of
Sam Rosenblum
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
Rena Bernard ־ Sam & Etta Harris
Henry & Lillian Bernard
Ed Bernard
In Memoiy of Our Son
Jonathan Roth
And Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal and Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of Beloved Brother & Nephew
Stanley Cohen - Lance Cohen
Anne Presser & Family
In Loving Memory of
Morris Schemer
Hilda Lewit & Family
In Loving Memory of
Jean Cramer
Beloved Mother and Grandmother - An Inspiration of Energy and Humor
Joanne and Leo Davis
In Loving Memory of
Sam Louis Silberstein
Delores Silberstein and Family
In Loving Memory of Leo D1NIN,
Esther Dinin & Leslie Appelbaum Dories
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of Our Fathers
Max Trotz
Milton “Buddy” Sterman
Karen & Phil Sterman
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jason Freedman
Marilyn D. Freedman
In Loving Memoiy of
Philip & Sophia Wilson
Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Loving Memoiy of
Murry Wolfson and Ben & Gussie Baker
Renee Wolfson Moses
In Loving Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memoiy of
Al Zadoff
Pearl Zadoff, Children & Grandchildren
82
===== PAGE 287 =====
. Sometimes
JÉ¡fi¡jf ft־!¡¡¡ keeping the peace
means planning
ahead.
for over 100 years, Evergreen has
been helping Jacksonville families
plan ahead with a variety of
cemetery products, services and
payment options. Help keep the
peace in your family. Come in or
call Evergreen Cemetery today.
If •^h^>pens'j|lte®enl־^e^nietery
arrangements have to be made
and no one knows what his
loved one “would have wanted.”
Then, the arguing begins.
You can prevent this happening to
your family by calling Evergreen
Cemetery today
C E M^E T E R Y
Evergreen Cemetery 4535 Main Street, Jacksonville, FL 32206 3533649־
Mount Gasimel QondenA
EQUAL
HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY
• Housing for Seniors and
persons with verifiable disabilities
• Efficiencies, alcoves, small and
large one bedroom apartments
• Rental includes utilities (lights,
heat and air conditioning)
• Range, refrigerator and fully carpeted
• Laundry facilities available
•24 hour security
• Complete activities program
• Jacksonville Housing voucher accepted
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace Linda Rubens, R.N.N.H.A.
Jacksonville, FL 32216 Executive Director
Telephone 733-6696 • Fax: 739-3512
83
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 288 =====
Thanks to all our customers for making us
Jacksonville’s 66Sub King” since 1982!
Home of the BIG ONE
־lOO Locations and Growing like Mad!
Call Corporate Office
904״ 9069־739־ Visit us on the web
to rind your N63rost Location www.larryssubs.com
Catering
Available
Residential • Commerical • Industrial
Repairs
Watson Plumbing
The Watson Way
(904) 737-6337
fax (904) 899-6827
www.watson-plumbing.com
CFC 057664
>ad \
4456 Sunbeam Road
Suite 200
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
84
===== PAGE 289 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool
Located in the Selevan Preschool & Day Care Center
A Message from the Early Childhood Director
for others, goodness, kindness. Song,
dance and hands-on activities introduce
Jewish customs and holidays, giving
children a positive feeling about
themselves and their place in the world.
We seek to create a stimulating and
enriching educational environment for
each and every child. We are devoted
to helping children learn socialization
skills, building their self-confidence and
teaching them the preliminary skills to
explore and experience the world. Our
goal is to provide children with the early foundation
and framework to prepare them for the transition to
elementary school. In addition, we seek to ignite a spark
in each child to lay claim to his/her Jewish heritage and
commit him/her to a lifetime passion for learning.
We consider ourselves partners with the parents
in their child’s preschool development. We want parents
to share in their children’s early learning experiences.
Parents are urged to communicate with the teachers.
They are also invited to join our Preschool Parent
Association, family get-togethers and parenting
workshops.
Stop by our preschool to see all the wonderful,
sweet faces, messy hands and busy feet! We are having
fun, learning and growing! Come share in our joy!
On behalf of the JJC Preschool faculty, staff, and
my own family, I wish you a Shana Tova U’Metukah, a
Healthy and Happy New Year.
— Shereen Canady
A
Shereen Canady
Director
t the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Preschool we see each child as a
unique and precious gift entrusted
into our care. This concept is what governs
our school’s educational approach. Our
emphasis is placed on the individual child
and on encouraging each child’s innate
inquisitiveness and thirst for knowledge.
When you walk into our preschool
you immediately feel at home, so welcome,
and so comfortable. You have entered an
exciting world! We are a preschool family,
and our entire staff works together to create a warm,
nurturing environment for our children.
If you peek into some of our rooms you may see
a group of moms and babies enjoying song time during
our Shalom Baby, mommy & me class. In another room
you might see a group of children experimenting with
paint. In the room across the hall, you might see Morah
Rachel leading a group in morning prayers or Morah
Miriam building an edible Noah’s Ark. You can smell
the sweet scent of honey cake coming from Ms. Joni’s
class or hear ducks quacking in Ms. Cheryl’s class. In
Ms. Haley’s class they might be building the city of
Jerusalem in the block center, while the children in Ms.
Amit’s class might be embarking on a nature walk to
find pine cones. Music time with Ms. Zina fills our
halls with song. Everyday you will find each room and
our playground buzzing with excitement and the joy of
learning.
Our children are taught basic human values- respect
Donna Slavin
Administrative Assistant
85
Michelle Margol and Robin Morris Stephanie Teitelbaum
Judaica Teachers Pre-School Admissions
Director
===== PAGE 290 =====
Early Childhood
Playtime and Special Activities
===== PAGE 291 =====
Early Childhood
STAFF: Back Row-Haley Blount, GailKeil, Cheryl Gartner,
Jennifer Katz, Suzanne Chacon. Middle Row - Robin
Morris, Meghan Shellman, Shereen Canady, Director,
Ellen Balotin, Eve Goldberg, Robin Vitiello, Esther
Ohayon, Zina Levitsky, Hanna Bendit, Amit Homsky.
Front Row- Michelle Margol, Shirley Thacker, Stephanie
Teitelbaum, Shana Gutterman, Miryam Corbett, Alla
Makhtina, Joni Shmunes, Rucha Pathak.
Not Shown-Deanna Verboort and Denitra Green
DOOBONIM: Back Row- Amit Homsky, Teacher, Ella
Haas, Shelly Kats, Jacob Gross, Jake Yaksich, Veronica
Turchin, Denitra Green, Assistant. Front Row - Sophia
Milian, Joseph Weiner, Talia Zagagi, Evan Wolpoff,
Joshua Katz, George Setzer, and Dante Gaviglio.
Not Shown - Madison Ruckh, Jacob Rutansky, Maria
Bezverkh and Harrison Manin
KOFIMI: Back Row- Cheryl Gartner, Teacher, Eva Gridley,
Elad Homsky, May Amoyal, Zipporah Goldberg, Jake
Yaksich, Zev-Adi Goldberg and Ellen Balotin, Assistant.
Front Row - Samantha Gross, Ava Jaffa, Maxwell
Gross, Brooke Trager, Elli Trager, Andrew Herbst and
Alexandra Selevan. Not Shown: Anna Feig and Joshua
DeBardeleben.
KOFIM II: Back Row- Eve Goldberg, Teacher, Eden
Ben-Moshe, Jason Saperstein, Rachel Stillword, Grant
Beyer, Ashley Zunic and Suzanne Chacon, Assistant.
Front Row- Mason Teitelbaum, Elizabeth Rutansky, Danny
Bubis, Daisy Handmaker, Ariel Ohayon and Abby Cross.
87
===== PAGE 292 =====
Early Childhood
PARPARIM: Back Row - Haley Blount, Teacher, Abigail
Fixel, Issa Zhukov, Leah Zimmerman, Ronen Marlowe, Lial
Amoyal, Julia DeBardeleben and Esther Ohayon, Assistant.
Front Row - Gabriel Widens, Jonathan Gur, Allie Bielski,
Jack Hernandez, Anastasia Leonard, Jacob Alalof and
Jacob Sommers. Not Shown: Brandon Ruckh
TZEEPORIM I: Back Row - Joni Shmunes, Teacher,
Miryam Corbett, Assistant and Meghan Shellman,
Assistant. Middle Row- Shane Rubin, Joshua Miller, Lia
Friedman, Alexa Verboort, Ethan Plotkin, Julia Canady
and Crey Thacker, Front Row- Noah Gutterman, Sydney
Herbst, Orli Gutterman, Rebecca Burstein, Jeremy
Zaifert, Emily Teitelbaum and Jagger Leach.
TZEEPORIM II: Back Row- Gail Keil, Teacher, Zach
Mizrahi, Nathan Shcherbakov, Nicolas Dmitriev, Jeffrey
Girjel, Maiah Jaffa, Samuel Sirotkin and Hanna Bendit,
Assistant. Front Row - Elizabeth Stillword, Eli Every,
Daniel Fedchenko, Veronica Bryant, Jonathan Kats,
Camryn Cross and Noah Dresner
TZEEPORIM III: Back Row- Sydni Rudowitz, Samantha
Zimmerman, Grace Beyer, Benjamin Chafetz, Jacob
Selevan, Aidan Perkel and Robin Vitiello, Assistant. Front
Row- Abbey Lantinberg, Emma Lantinberg, Ali Shapiro,
Kayli Corbett, Elad Ohayon and Eliana Jaffa.
Not Shown: Deanna Verboort, Teacher
TZEEPORIM IV: Back Row- Shana Gutterman, Teacher,
Ayden Israel, Rebecca Katz, Gabrielle Morris, Jasmine
Mail, Aaron Potter, Evan Levy and Alla Makhtina,
Assistant. Front Row - Madison Chwast, Griffith Werwa,
Jonah Widens, Ori Dragon, Bailey Daigle, Arin Nathans
and Ethan Leftkowitz. Not Shown: Parker Balotin
88
===== PAGE 293 =====
Shalom Baby;
Mommy & Me with a Jewish Twist
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool’s Shalom Baby program has been operating for two years now. Classes meet
weekly to offer mommies and babies an environment to play and learn. Each class has a Jewish twist to it... either in story, song,
craft or circle time. Each class also has an exciting topic to bring moms together for discussion.
Shalom Baby offers its classes following the Preschool’s calendar and also the camp schedule to make it easily available
to moms or caregivers with older children in the Preschool or Day School.
If you are interested, please stop by the Preschool office for more information, or call Jennifer Katz (Class instructor) at
268-4200x143. Hope to see you soon!
89
===== PAGE 294 =====
Kids Club
JJC Schools’ Kids Club -Extended Day Program
Around the World in 180 Days, Or Bust!
Donna Slavin
Kids Club Coordinator
learn to write our names in Chinese and eat with chopsticks.
As we travel Down-Under we will hop like kangaroos during
our Hop-A-Thon, discover the beauty of the Great Barrier
Reef and dance and sing with the Wiggles. In January we will
take a trip to the Arctic and discover snowflakes while in our
home-made igloos. Next we will travel to South America and
explore the wonders of the Rain Forest. A visit from real live
critters will make this a hands on experience for the children.
Finally it’s “Home Sweet Home” as we head back to North
America, home of cowboys, dolphins, alligators and how
could we forget, baseball.
We look forward to a great year!
—Donna Slavin
Kids Club Coordinator
am so excited to be the new Kids Club coordinator this
year and together with the Kids Club staff have planned
an action packed adventure exploring the continents
as our theme. All children enrolled in Kids Club will be
taking a fabulous trip around the world, visiting all seven
continents. There will be so many places to go, languages
to learn, music and dances to enjoy, foods to eat, and crafts
to make. Here is a preview of some of the fun activities
we have planned. While in Europe we will build cereal box
castles, eat spaghetti in Italy and learn to dance the flamenco
in Spain. Africa will be a safari adventure and in Egypt the
children will be transformed into mummies. Moving to the
Middle East, we will visit Israel and experience the ancient
and modem culture of the Jewish homeland. In Asia we will
celebrate the Olympic games complete with cookie medals,
90
===== PAGE 295 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
Located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
A Message from the Principal
A good school has formal procedures
in place to evaluate its program, standards,
faculty, and administration, primarily to
ensure that the specific learning and physical
needs of the students are being met. A great
school has these formal procedures in place,
but it will seek other methods to evaluate
whether its students’ spiritual, social, and
emotional needs are also being met. Such
a great school will evaluate what has been
learned by providing ways for children
to apply their learning to real life. These
less formal evaluations sometimes present themselves
during unexpected occasions. One such occasion was
during Shavuot, when some of the confirmands, who
áre former day school students, were reading their
essays, written in response to a prompt asking them to
design their own synagogue. These essays, so proudly
read by our future leaders, were most thoughtful, with
reflections on their own experiences and upbringing.
At the top of their lists was including a day school in
their “perfect” synagogues. For them, having a place to
live and leam Jewishly every day was a most important
priority. As I listened with hope in my heart to these
essays, I thought to myself how fortunate it is for our
students that our devoted parents, our very involved
Rabbis and Cantor, our extraordinary teachers, and our
dedicated Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center are so committed to the future of our great day
school.
Wishing you and your families a good and sweet
year‘ — Carole Goldberg
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School,
housed within the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, is one of
seventy-five schools in the country
affiliated with the prestigious Solomon
Schechter Day School Association,
which operates under the umbrella of
the United Synagogue of Conservative
Judaism. Our day school offers a
comprehensive bilingual education in
Judaic and General Studies, including
resources in music, art, technology and
physical education, for kindergarten through eighth
grade students.
Visit the Jacksonville Jewish Center during the
week, and walk the halls and grounds where you will
hear the varied sounds of our students: singing, and
sometimes dancing, to their prayers; skip-counting in
line on their way to a resource class; quizzing each other
at their lockers before a demanding test; squealing with
delight over a well-placed basketball shot; giggling as
butterflies, nurtured in their classroom, flutter about
and land on noses and ears. Listen to the other sounds
of learning from students and teachers, in Hebrew and
in English, and see the serious looks of thoughtful
discussion and the wide-eyed expressions during the
“aha” moments. Note the use of technology, particularly
our new SMART Boards, integrated into all aspects of
learning. Watch and listen to the countless preparations
for mitzvah trips and projects, allowing our students to
actively make the world a better place. You will sense
that you are in a great school.
Carole Goldberg
Principal
Jessie Roman
Administrative Assistant
91
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
Executive Assistant
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of the
Middle School
===== PAGE 296 =====
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Special Activities
===== PAGE 297 =====
ן— 2008-2009
PTA Officers
Presidents:
Sue Levine and
Perrin Rubin
Past President:
Debbie Banks
Preschool Parents
Committee Liaison:
Gabrielle Bubis
Teacher Liaison:
Shelly Zavon
VPs Fundraising:
Risa Herman and
Sam Levin
VP Membership:
Christina Levine
VP Programming:
Tammy Schemer
VP Services:
Debbie Goldstein
Treasurer:
Sara Gross
Secretary:
Alyse Nathans
Jay Sandler
Music
Shannon Gutterman
Art
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Parent-Teacher Association
The PTA of the schools of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is committed to being the leading
source of parent involvement in our schools. Parent involvement is crucial to our children
and allows them to not only perform better in school, but also more easily navigate through the
challenges of growing up.
The PTA of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and the Preschool Parents Committee work
together to provide many wonderful programs for our children, strengthen our schools through
fundraising, and work with our teachers in every way to show our appreciation for their dedication
to nurture and educate our children. We also provide opportunities to better educate ourselves as
parents.
Some of the outstanding programs provided by PTA are Red Ribbon Day (Drug Awareness),
Mystery Reader, Vision Screening, Holiday Observance, Shabbat Boxes, and the publication
of our yearbook, The Pride. Our annual Kaleidoscope Day provides a day of arts and cultural
education for our children.
One of our most successful programs and fundraisers this past year was our Chai Walk, which
raises monies to benefit all the Center schools. Our magazine sale is another important annual
fundraiser and we invite all of you to participate. All new magazine sales and renewing magazine
subscriptions benefit the schools. We would like to thank our many sponsors, families and friends
for coming together and supporting our schools in such a generous way. Successful fundraising
benefits every classroom in the preschool and day school, as well as provides for enhancements
as requested by our principals.
We hope you will join us as a volunteer or come to one of our programs, as we work together to
create a future community of knowledgeable and responsible Jewish citizens.
Sue Levine and Perrin Rubin
PTA Co- Presidents
200809־ Resource Teachers
Liza Furman
Physical
Education
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Coordinator
Andrea Hernandez
Technology
Coordinator
liana Manasse
Judaica Staff
Coordinator
Kathy Stark
Mitzvah Program
Assistant
Louise Leonard
Librarian
Kim Glasgal-Levy
Technology Assistant
Jo Ann Kagan
Academic Resources
93
===== PAGE 298 =====
MJGDS 2007-08 Classes
KINDERGARTEN
Teachers:
Mindy Rosendahl, General Studies
Liat Walker, Judaic Studies
Marlene Watkins, Assistant
Students: Jamie Bielski,
Rebecca Bubis, Julia Canady, Ari Goldberg,
Savonnie Gonzalez, Yoni Homsky,
Ethan Levine, Elior Lublinor,
Itamar Lubliner, Zoe Mail, Evelyn Mizrahi,
Ilai Pipemo, Zachary Shainbrown,
Karl Stillword, Yaelle Szoychen,
Haley Thomas, Jolie Weiss
FIRST GRADE
Teachers:
Bonnie Loeser, General Studies
Rebekah Selevan, Assistant
Robin Morris, Judaic Studies
Hanna Bendit, Assistant
Students: Casey Balotin, Cayla Canady,
Danielle Fetner, Barbie Goldstein,
Benjamin Greenhut, Brianna Grossman,
Naomi Herman, Lily Hernandez,
Shoshanna Howard, Rachel Levy,
Talya Pames, Jacob Saperstein,
Gil Sapolsky, Sarah Schemer,
Gillian Shapiro
SECOND GRADE
Teachers:
Carla Bernard, General Studies
Edith Horovitz, Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Kathleen Hopson, Assistant
Students: Shira DuBow, Hannah Elder,
Joshua Feig, Lilian Goldberg,
Hannah Gross, Allie Israel, Ellis Levine,
Sabrina Mail, Zarra Marlowe, Max Mizrahi,
Daniel Nabert, Rachel Olive,
Montgomery Phillips, Lance Schlecter,
Samuel Sommers, Carly Thomas,
Claire Thompson, Shelby Weiss,
Allison Wolfson, Reesa Zaifert,
Joshua Zimmerman
94
===== PAGE 299 =====
MJGDS 2007-08 Classes
THIRD GRADE
Teachers:
Marjie Rogozinski, General Studies
Liat Walker and Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Laura Hakala, Assistant
Students: Matan Dragon,
Samuel Goldstein, Ari Howard,
Julia Kahn, Aaron Kitay, Jordan Levine,
Avichai Lubliner, Benjamin Miller,
Jonathan Mirensky, Ryan Mizrahi,
Jared Plotkin, Joey Plotkin, Sonya Pulley,
Elan Sandler, Liam Wirsansky
FOURTH GRADE
Teachers:
Andrea Raitt, General Studies
Liat Walker and Rivka Cohen, Judaic Studies
Angela Mungin, Assistant
Students: Joel Cohen, Jacob Fetner,
Steven Finker, Seth Goodman,
Hana Gottlieb, Matthew Herman,
Samantha Katzin, Jenna Levin, Eli Mizrahi,
Douglas Nabert, Rebecca Nathans,
Jakob Pollan, Brooke Sapolsky,
Samuel Schiller, Ilyssa Ward, Talia Wind,
Joey Zimmerman
FIFTH GRADE
Teachers:
Shelly Zavon, General Studies
liana Manasse, Judaic Studies
Wendy Gaff, Assistant
Students: Michael Appel, Justin Clevette,
Gabrielle Cohen, Shira Ferman,
Scott Goldstein, Sydney Gross,
Eliza Israel, Jenna Levine, Sarah Miller,
Rachel Mizrahi, Orly Ohayon,
Ivan Pulley, Micah Rubin, Sarit Sandler,
Leslie Schemer, Ariel Szoychen,
Rachel Walker
95
===== PAGE 300 =====
MJGDS 2007-08 Classes
SIXTH GRADE
Homeroom: Judy Reppert
Students: Michael Ansbacher,
Hannah Gendzier, Alex Gottlieb, Ron Gur,
Shira Kitay, William Leonard,
Victoria Levine, Shaina Plotkin,
Mami Sapolsky, Sanford Vining,
Tyler Williamson
SEVENTH GRADE
Homeroom: Deborah Kuhr
Students: Michelle Cagan,
Andrew Clevette, Gabrielle Cohen,
Jacob Hecht, Lauren Jaffe, Hannah Mizrahi,
Trudy Morse, Britney Norton, Avi Rubin,
Ari Sandler, Alexandra Witten,
Alex Wolfson, Jared Wolfson,
David Zhukov, Aron Zimmerman
EIGHTH GRADE
Homeroom: Susan Burkhart
Students: Nicole Ansbacher, Nikki Bailys,
Michael Cheiken, Jonah Kitay, Maci Morse,
Harrison Phillips
96
===== PAGE 301 =====
MJGDS Middle School
97
===== PAGE 302 =====
Milestone Events
Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School Graduation
Wednesday, May 14, 2008
The graduation ceremony for the 7th grade Etgar class
marked the completion of Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School and promotion to Beit Midrash Hebrew High.
This year’s graduates from the Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
are: Blair DeCrispino, Charlie DuBow, Jeffrey Goldring,
Joshua Gordon, Katherine Guth, Erica Katzin, Elana
Maiman, Charles Pett, David Raikes, Jacob Raikes,
Joshua Schoettler, Joshua Stevens, and Justin Vitiello.
had prepared on the theme “If I built my own synagogue I
would...”. As is customary, the Center Sisterhood gave each
participant a Tanakh and booklet of mazel tov greetings
from members of the congregation. The Center Men’s Club
presented a Kiddush cup to each Confirmand.
This year’s Confirmants are: Molly Appel, Michael
Appelbaum, Richard “Richie” Bailys, Alyssa DeCrispino,
Aliza Goldstein, Matthew Kingson, Eric Levenson,
Kara Levine, Charles “Charlie” Raitt, Zach Rogozinski,
Gabriel Rosner, Manny Shapiro
Hagigat HaSiddur - Consecration
Shabbat Morning, February 2, 2008
First Grade students of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School celebrated a Haggigat HaSiddur ־ Consecration
marking the beginning of their formal Hebrew education. To
celebrate the 60th anniversary of Israel the students presented
songs and readings about many aspects of Israel.
Mazel tov to the consecrants and their families: Casey
Balotin, Rose Blumenfeld, Cayla Canady, Alex Cywes,
Claire Cywes, Jacqueline Emas, Danielle Fetner, Tyler
Fishman, Lilian Goldberg, Barbara Goldstein, Benjamin
Greenhut, Madison Grosse, Brianna Grossman, Naomi
Herman, Lily Hernandez, Shoshana Howard, Rachel
Levy, Ellis Levine, Talya Parnés, Julia Plotkin, Jacob
Saperstein, Gil Sapolsky, Sarah Schemer, Gillian Shapiro,
Samuel Sommers, Sydney Teitelbaum, Abigail Zilberman,
Sabrina Zilberman, Bennett Zimmerman, Brooke
Zimmerman, Wendell Zimmerman & Alyssa Zunic
Shavu’ot - Confirmation
6 & 7 Sivan 5768, June 8- 10, 2008
Shavu’ot celebrates the receiving of the Torah and
Ten Commandments. It is fitting that this festival should
acknowledge the accompanying sense of commitment to
Jewish life that Confirmation represents.
Throughout the festival, our Confirmands demonstrated
the knowledge they had gained through completion of the
Beit Midrash Hebrew High program by fully participating
in Shavu’ot services. In addition, students read essays they
98
===== PAGE 303 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Education Programs —
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism Framework for Excellence School
A Message from the Religious School Director
Jewish education that prepares them to
enter our community as capable young
adults.
Grades K, 1 and 2 attend for 2 hours
on Sundays only. We offer six full hours
for 3rd through 7th grades by adding
two weekday afternoons (Mondays
and Wednesdays), which allows us to
present an in-depth language and prayer
curriculum as well as the involvement
of our clergy on a frequent basis. Our
students are regular participants in
synagogue-wide programs, services,
and special events. Parent Education
programs, if desired, are also available at
convenient times. Small classes allow our children (and
parents!) to form life-long bonds and nurture a love of
our rich Jewish heritage.
Shanah tovah!
— Lois Tompkins, Principal
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
e are once again looking
forward to a new and
exciting year at the Bernard
& Alice Selevan Religious School. We
have intensified our Hebrew program
and added several new dimensions to
our curriculum, including: a highly-
successful spiritual component led by our
Rabbis, an accelerated program designed
to challenge our advanced students,
musical involvement with our new
Hazzan Jesse Holzer, and an expanded
art and computer element. An individual
tracking and assessment system is now
in place to assure that each and every
student progresses at their own pace with their Hebrew
reading, language, and prayer skills. A special-needs
professional is always on hand to give support as
needed to individuals and groups. Rounded out with
a strong Judaica curriculum, including Torah, Mitzvot,
History, Life Cycle, and Holiday, numerous family
programs, and a dedicated and nurturing staff, our
award-winning Religious School provides a complete
-Youth Congregations■
Meet Shabbat Mornings
11a.m. to Noon
Gan Shabbat
5 years and under
Mini-Minyan
Kindergarten 1־st Grade
Junior Congregation
Grades 36־
99
===== PAGE 304 =====

===== PAGE 305 =====
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
Classes of 2007-2008
FIRST GRADE ־ ALEF
Rose Blumenfeld, Alex Cywes, Claire Cywes,
Jacqueline Emas, Tyler Fishman, Jerry Gomer,
Madison Grosse, Julia Plotkin, Hannah Silverstein,
Sydney Teitelbaum, Sabrina Zilberman,
Brooke Zimmerman, Wendell Zimmerman, Alyssa Zunic
THIRD GRADE ־ GIMEL
Jennie Gordon, Danielle Oko,
Julian Rubin, Taylor Rudowitz
SIXTH GRADE ־ VAV
Julia Allerding, Benjamin Cooper, Talia Fetner,
Samuel Fleisher, Noah Levin, Josh Nevers, Jackie Phillips,
Sam Yarish
KINDERGARTEN
Amelia Emas
& Julia Katzin
SECOND GRADE ־ BET
Joel Margol, Abigail Zilberman,
Bennett Zimmerman
FOURTH GRADE ־ DALET
Jessie Friedman
FIFTH GRADE - HAY
Harrison Andrew, Hailey Berger, Martin Cohen
Kevin Brandon Corbett, Eden Margol, Rachel Nevers,
Lee Safer, Carly Stevens, Rachel Dranetz
101
===== PAGE 306 =====
BDT Concepts, Inc.
w w w, bd ico n cep t$. co m
Brian Williams
bwilliams@bdtconcepts.com
New & Compatible Toner Cartridges
Printers • Fax Machines • Point of Sale
Sales • Service * Supplies
5121 Bowden Road, Suite 305 • Jacksonville, FL 32216
(904)262-2590 • (800)736-5199 • Fax:(904)262-2565
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
3844391־ JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
ESTATE PLANNING
RETIREMENT PLANNING
BUTENSKY & COHEN
FlNANCIAi- SECLIiUTY, INC.
I I , Jem D. Butensky
- Allan A Cohen, CFP, CPA/PFS
893-2324 (800) * 9850־273 (904)
»IHEBUIENSY&COHENBUHIHNG
110PROFESSIONAL DRIVE • PONTEVEDRA BEACH, FL32082
Ijxalci in Panic Vedra Inks Professional Path • www.butcnskycohen.con1
\ustPrint It!
9825-26 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-4644
r.262-4738(904) ״
email justprintit@bellsouth.net
5858 St Augustine RcL
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-7314177
jk Tanning Products
Brushes & Combs
• Multi/Full Color
Printing:
Newsletters Letterhead
Brochures Envelopes
Forms Business Cards
Catalogs Reports
• Layout & Design
• High Volume
Duplicating
• Custom Binding
& Finishing
• Typesetting
• Fax Services
יו
Nail Polish
Shampoos
&
Conditioners
□Process YtXaeter,
i־**era M. Daalarelliiii a/ Carnal Ci•fm/Iii#sa ~ !filar/na
Car# A Restoration of Carpet • Furniture • interiora
Home of the
“Big Clean”
Spring Cleaning is our Specialty!
Specializing in
Tile & Wood Flooring
MARK TOLLESON
0440־725 (904)
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
102
===== PAGE 307 =====
Center Youth Department
A Message from the Youth Director
that they will carry with them forever.
Through our advisors, your children
learn to be responsible, resourceful, original
and creative. Those adults are committed
to youth groups rich in Jewish values and
traditions. They serve as true mentors,
instilling a sense of pride in all our young
people.
We, at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Youth Department, strive to grow along with
our children. We must encourage them to
continue their Jewish and community social
action participation and guide them in their efforts to
become educated, open-minded Jewish adults.
I continue to look forward to helping guide our
children in these important endeavors. Thank you all for
another wonderful year.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families.
— Gayle D. Bailys
Growing up at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center provides our
children with many fine
opportunities to be productive members
of their community, both inside and
outside the building. We are proud to
contribute to that growth.
One of our main goals is to teach
the children the importance of giving
back. That is repeatedly accomplished
through the many projects and programs
the Center Youth Department offers.
They not only learn to put smiles oh other people’s faces,
but we’ve seen plenty of smiles on our kids’ young faces as
well. The memories created by these moments are, as the
commercial says, priceless.
The interaction among the children is also a special
part of life in the Youth Department. They often don’t
realize that they are learning and growing as they have so
much fun. The friendships they make and the relationships
they mold with the leaders of the Center are, again, things
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and
programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The
committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of our clubs
and caring Center members who believe that the future of Conservative
Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue
summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY ־ on ־ Wheels, Ramah
Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities for our children to share
wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth Commission
assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to the synagogue and community.
Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring warm wishes and
promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing
and email addresses.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and development
within a Judaic environment. To oversee
these activities, the Youth Commission and
Youth Director, sets the standards and
policies for these programs.
103
===== PAGE 308 =====
noaRk spíoak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Mornings & Nights All Levels - 3 to Adult
•GYMNASTICS
•ACROBATICS
•CHEER DANCE
SUMMER CAMP
Preschool Combo Classes
for 35־ year olds
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos. 2 ־V2 yrs. old
BALLET•POINTS
CHARACTER
JAZZ •TAP
HIP HOP •MODERN
PRIVATE CLASSES
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
FRUIT COVE
287-4619
445 N. State Rd. 13,1/2 mile
south of Julington Creek Bridge
JULINGTON CREEK PLANTATION
230-7778
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
Corner -Racetrack & Flora Branch
MANDARIN
268-3583
3740 San Jose Place
Behind Long John Silver’s
^liztdon Q. D^ajjtan £/ל2.£{־
& c/f-te0aiat£,1
When the world seems to big
and you don't know which way to turn...
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
— Since 1973 —
• Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Familes
396-2666
3601 Hendricks Avenue
FL. Lie. PY0002334
Tumble - Be Fit
This Is Our Kid!
Qymnaótica, fJumMing, <£ &itne66
c£u00e0 fax, JCida
Gait pvt■ Mat ctaaa.
(Hum Space. Í4 limited T
CLgo /6 month to
Cjtementasuf SchaoC CLgo
ffivtthday, ZPcvUieo cutaiiaMe
Conveniently located in Julington Creek area off Race Track Rd.
next to Mark Spivak’s Dance Extension
For schedule and forms please visit
markspivak.com
Discount applied to Mark Spivak’s Institute & Dance Extension students
106 Julington Plaza Dr.
230-6291/230-7778
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
104
===== PAGE 309 =====
Center Youth Groups
Chalutzim
Grades 4 and 5
»pig 20082009־ —
Chalutzim Officers
Board President
Jake Fetner
Vice President Programming
Eli Mizrahi
Viee President Social Action
Julian Ruben
Secretary
Avichai Lubliner
Members at Large
Jenny Gordon
Joey Plotkin
Matan Dragon
Liam Wirsansky
===== PAGE 310 =====
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
FLEET & ASSOCIATES
ARCHITECTS/PLANNERS, INC.
4041 Sunbeam Rd. Jacksonville FI. 32257
(904) 730-8103 FAX 7308105־
AA C001226
(904) 398-1646 i££dboo
Fax 904^3984981־ —
ARCHITECTURAL PROGRAMMING SITE ANALYSIS
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGN SITE PLANNING
FEASIBILITY STUDIES REZONING/PUDS
SITE DEVELOPMENT EXCEPTIONSA/ARIANCES
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
ROBERT S. FLEET, AIA JANIS K. FLEET, AICP
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility
3599 University Boulevard S. Suite #804
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office:904-737-2290
346-3333
Cell: 9046005־635־
Fax: 903.7314517־
Home: 9045315־731־
E-mail: alfreidlin@WatsonRealtyCorp.com
Watson Realty Corp. REALTORS*■
Far East Brokers
and Consultants, ■nc.
6871 Belfort Oaks Place • Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Phone: 904-332-9006 • Fax: 904-332-9007
febac@fareastbrokers.com
u8esi wishes Jar a Jfealihy and Jfappy QCea> year
The Zimmermans
Charles & Elyne
Morrie, Chase, Bennett & Wendell
Kim & Charlie
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
106
===== PAGE 311 =====
Center Youth Groups
KADIMA
2008-2009
Kadima Officers
President
Blair DeCrispino
Vice Presidents Programming
liana Maiman, Avi Ruben
Vice Presidents Social Action
Aron Zimmerman, Jacob Hecht
Treasurers
Shira Ferman, Sidney Gross
Secretaries
Talia Fetner, Jenna Levine
Members־at־Large
Julia Allerding
Michael Appel
Hannah Mizrahi
Shaina Plotkin
Micah Ruben
Alex Wolfson
Jared Wolfson
Sam Yarish
Grades 6, 7, 8
107
===== PAGE 312 =====
A
ATLANTIC
FORMERLY
־westec pi
SECURITY
SECURITY COMMUNICATIONS AUDIO/VIDEO
LIGHTING CONTROL ASTRUCTUREDWIRINGACCTV
ACCESS CONTROLACENTRAL VACACONNECTED HOME
since 1968
one mission “Quality”
sales • service • install
1714 Cesery Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
FL: (904) 7438444־ GA: (912) 2648679־
Fax: (904) 7438466־
LIC. EF0001226 LIC. LU405163
Jerald I. Seebol, CFP
Senior Vice President — Wealth Management
Cltl smith barney
(904) 858-2347 — (800) 446-6044
Certified Financial Planner
THE
ICE
MAN
We Deliver 50 lb. Bags
of Cubed Ice
24 Hours a Day
We also Lease Ice Machines
Fast
Deliveries
stocks — bonds — mutual funds
financial and retirement planning
education funding plans
IRA accounts — 401 (k) plans
1301 Riverplace Blvd., Suite 600
Jacksonville, FL 32207
FAX (904) 8582390־
jerald. i .seebol@smithbarney.com
www.fa.smithbarney.com/jerald_seebol
Restaurants
Lounges • Motels
Special Events
Parties
384-2013
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
108
===== PAGE 313 =====
Center Youth Groups
United Synagogue Youth
Grades 912־
- 2008-2009 -
U.S.Y. Officers
Presidents
Michael Applebaum, Kara Levine
Vice Presidents Programming
Alex Block, Emily Levine
Vice Presidents Social Action/
Tikkun 01am
Sam Leach, Sara Plotkin
Vice President Religious Education
Mitchell Wohl
Vice Presidents Communications
Alyssa DeCrispino,
Shira Rittenberg
Vice Presidents Membership
Stephanie Hecht, Amy Shuman
Vice Presidents Israeli Affairs
Charlie Raitt, Gabe Rosner
Secretary
Rebecca Appel
Members־at־Large
Richie Bailys
Sam Bernard
Brad Goldring
Mandy Gomer
Ralph Landau
Steven Lewis
Laurie Lynch
Gabrielle Magid
Maci Morse
Max Rogozinski
Sam Whitman
Jacob Wolfson
109
===== PAGE 314 =====
נסי]"
י1
11
Ü
/ Sfvano.ft' Tow/o
Cra/p, ñ/ataik, Arid, Sarít dr Cían Comdder
LAKEWOOD ANIMAL CLINIC
Craig W. Sandler, D.V.M.
(904) 733-4447
6030 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery
At
North Florida Eye Clinic
George W. Sweat
Florida Certified Dispensing Optician
,3020 ׳ Hartley Road, Suite 190
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Phone (904) 292-0004 Fax: (904) 292-0005
Best Wishes!
All Locations
We Are At Your Service
Barry Goldstein § Linda Goldstein
Scott Goldstein • Eric Hall
SPECIALIZING IN
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
A WINNING TEAM
THÁT PRODUCES RESULTS!
Experienced, Knowledgeable, and
A Proven Performance Record
Sales • Leasing • Management
Consulting • Acquisitions
Income & Investment Properties
GOLDSTEIN
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, INC*
Licensed Real Estate Broker
3753-1 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Telephone 3670009־ • Fax (904) 367-0220
I WILL BUY YOUR HOUSE
TODAY
Having A Hard Time Selling?
• Divorce • Need Cash • Moving
Behind in Payments • Facing Foreclosure
Call
Tommy Mattox
Private Investor
730-9074
MANDARIN
• 11524 San Jose Blvd.
Mai-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 1Gh6
1965־262
JACKSONVILLE
• 5645 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
6330־771
Hardwares
& Nurseries
1tCE
“N.E. Florida’s
Largest Garden
Centers”
LAW OFFICES
TERRELL HOGAN ELLIS YEGELWEL, P.A.
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
2424־632 (904)
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
110
===== PAGE 315 =====
Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that more than 45 of our youngsters participated in United Synagogue summer
programs. Scholarships to attend these programs are made possible through the generosity of the Abe Selber Trust Fund,
Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Men’s Club’s Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, Center Israel Scholarship Fund, Center Sisterhood, Center Youth Department, Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program,
Myra Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah Fund, Sylvia Shortstein Scholarship Fund and many anonymous contributors.
CAMP RAMAH-DAROM
Michael Appel, Rebecca Appel, Gabrielle Erin
Cohen, Gabrielle Hope Cohen, Joel Cohen, Hannah
Elder, Hannah Gendzier, Bradley Goldring, Jeffrey
Goldring, Joshua Gordon, Stephanie Hecht, Garrett
Jaffe, Lauren Jaffe, Aaron Kitay, Jonah Kitay,
Shira Kitay, Steven Lewis, Avichai Lubliner, Elior
Lubliner, Itamar Lubliner, Laurie Lynch, Gabrielle
Magid, Jonathan Mirensky, Hannah Mizrahi, Sarah
Neadle, Josh Nevers, Rachel Nevers, Leah Robbins,
Danielle Rogozinski, Avi Rubin, Micah Rubin, Ari
Sandler, Brooke Sapolsky, Marni Sapolsky, Alex
Wolfson, Jacob Wolfson, Jared Wolfson, Samuel
Yarish, Ali Wolfson.
POLAND/ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE
Lillie Anderson, Richie Bailys, Eric Levenson, Kara Levine,
Charlie Raitt, Zach Rogozinski, and Gabe Rosner participated in
the USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage.
U SY-ON-WHEELS
USY on Wheels, sponsored by United Synagogue of
Conservative Judaism, gives teenagers an opportunity
to travel around the United States seeing landmarks,
historical sites and national parks. In addition, they
meet Jewish youth in the cities in which they stay.
Noah Pozin and Sam Whitman joined other USYers
from around the country.
Ill
===== PAGE 316 =====
U Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace,
Healthand Happiness be yours
throughout the Hew Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
3529־733 (904)
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
8133־733 (904)
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
112
===== PAGE 317 =====
Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 has been a part of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center youth program for 69
years and is the oldest pack in northeast Florida with
a continuous charter. Scouting continues to create
global leaders with strong abilities while enjoying
wholesome outdoor activities with friends and
family.
Boy Scout Troop 14
Boy Scout Troop 14 had yet another great year of scouting adventure and advancement. The troop hiked, fished, white
water rafted during numerous camping trips throughout this year, achieving important merit badges for advancement.
Eagle Scout is the highest rank a Boy Scout can achieve.
Troop 14 had three scouts attain this rank, including Benjamin
Gatewood, son of Vicki and Steve, Jacob Hecht, son of Rose and
Larry and Harrison Safer, son of Ilisa and Steven. Among rigorous
requirements, these scouts earned 21 merit badges and completed
community projects.
This year, the Scouts went all over the United States for their
summer camp experience, including Camp Daniel Boone in North
Carolina and Philmont in Cimarron, New Mexico. Locally, many
attended Camp Echockotee in Orange Park. They all earned merit
badges to achieve higher ranks.
The scouts ventured into many leadership roles within
the troop. Harrison Safer, elected by the other scouts, took the
leadership role as Senior Patrol Leader. He was responsible for
leading and organizing the scouts during our meetings. Under
Harrison’s leadership, Joey Dametz headed the Shark patrol and Zachary Sandler was in charge of the Tiger patrol, both elected
positions. These scout leaders were responsible for troop planning, activities and patrol participation. Harrison, Joey and
Zachary were excellent leadership role models for the Boy Scouts and Troop 14.
Next year, our Troop will celebrate its 90th Anniversary. We look forward to seeing the Center’s scouts at the celebration.
Look in the bulletin for upcoming details about this event.
Troop 14 looks forward to continuing its proud tradition of providing Jewish youth with a Boy Scouting experience. If
you enjoy camping, sports and a variety of outdoor activities, and are between the ages of 11 and 18, we invite you to attend
our meetings!
—Bruce Goldring, Scoutmaster
113
===== PAGE 318 =====
Fine Family Dining
©rr3>־
Family Owned
Greek Cuisine
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Station
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH 733.1199 ־ FAX 733.1269
□ pen & Days a Week
LUNCH: DINNER
Mon. - Fri Mon. - Sat
11:00־5:00 2:30־11:00
MORRIS & MORRIS PA, CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
To Your Needs
• ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
•ESTATES AND TRUSTS
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 7374241־
Pay less for the details
that make all the difference.
Everything, Everyday, 20% to 60% off
department store prices.
SIajuvuGIaaI¿
Roosevelt • Mandarin • University • Beaches • Fleming Island
Baymeadows • Harbour Village • 1-888-Stein Mart • www.steinmart.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
114
===== PAGE 319 =====
Recreation
A Summer filled with Great Adventures
Rest up and
get ready for
another exciting and fun-filled summer at Camp Ki Tov 2009!
—Haley Blount, Camp Director
cqm
KweV
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Haley Blount
Camp Ki Tov Director
Summer at Camp Ki Tov was an amazing experience
campers will forever remember with a smile! The
eight weeks were filled from beginning to end with
fun activities for all ages. Campers enjoyed exciting
daily camp activities such as sports, swimming, arts
& crafts, and even drama. New friendships were
formed, old ones were rekindled, and a great time
was had by all!
Each week campers participated in activities
revolving around different themes. A few of the
favorites were “Hooray for Hollywood”, “Weird Science” and “Around the World”.
Campers had a blast dressing up their counselors, competing in Color Wars, and splashing
each other at FlagPOOL. Both campers and counselors enjoyed the songs and
costumes during the Camp Zimriah and the laughter could not be contained at
our carnival.
Field trips included a day at World Golf
Village, Diamond D Ranch, Marineland,
St. Augustine Alligator Farm, The
Jacksonville Zoo, MOSH, and more!
Electives, such as cooking, computers,
and guitar were a huge hit. Middle school
campers enjoyed creating their own video
games during Computer Camp. ls,-5th
grade campers learned lots during Lego Camp and our youngest campers
created fabulous dishes during Cooking Camp!
Of course, summer camp would not be complete without sleepovers and undemights. Our Chaverim (lst-8th grade)
campers become night prowlers when they spent the night
at the Jacksonville Zoo and our Rishonim (1-5 year olds)
campers turned
into movie stars
at our Talent
Show.
Thank you to
a wonderful,
enthusiastic
staff for a
fabulous
summer!
115
===== PAGE 320 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you want.
The main number for the JJC switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits
are busy, a recorded message will offer step-by-step instructions to the
extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department or
person, simply dial: 268-4200 and follow the recorded instructions. If your
party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity to leave a voice message or
return to the switchboard.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL EXTENSIONS: Dial 268-4200, then ...
110
Season Vickers, Receptionist
142
Margo’s Catering
111
Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Manager
143
Preschool Office
Donna Slavin, Administrative Asst/
112
Executive Director
Kids Club Coordinator
151
Kim Winters - Bookkeeping Dept.
144
Shereen Canady,
117
Leslie Manucy, Bookkeeping Dept.
Early Childhood Director
114
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
145
Religious School & Youth Department
146
Lois Tompkins,
115
Cassie Vichozsky,
Religious School Director
Rabbi Lubliner’s Secretary
116
Jesse Roman,
148
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring, Administrative
Galinsky Program’s Secretary
Assistant
113
Lori Schoettler, Administrator
150
Richard Ford, Maintenance Supervisor
118
Carole Goldberg, Principal
133
Christina Levine,
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Membership Director
120
Day School Computer Lab
152
Sisterhood Judaica Shop
121
Day Care
149
Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
122
Haley Blount, Camp Ki Tov
153
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
127
Library - Louise Leonard, Librarian
224
Scott Zimmerman, Ritual Director
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Coordinator
134
Rabbi David Weiner
116
===== PAGE 321 =====
Supporters of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 Fax: (904) 268-5292
This directory is for informational purposes.
It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of July 1,2008
—A— Mfe % —B—
117
===== PAGE 322 =====
Stay in one of our spacious two-room
suites, each with a private living
room and separate bedroom. Kick off
your shoes and relax, because this is
your home away from home.
Enjoy a COMPLIMENTARY, full
cooked־to־order breakfast and
COMPLIMENTARY Manager’s
reception in our breathtaking atrium.
Come see why
Embassy Suites Hotel is
Jacksonville’s premier hotel!
Call for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Weddings,
Rehearsal Dinners, Birthdays,
Anniversaries, Corporate Events,
or just count on us to handle your
special night out!
Experience an exceptional dining
adventure in our
“Omaha Steakhouse.”
Take advantage of our indoor pool,
whirlpool and fitness center.
We provide local transportation for
a small fee for our guests to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
EMBASSY SUITES
HOTEL®
9300 Baymeadows Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone:(904)731-3555
Fax: (904) 448-6933
www.embassysuites.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
118
===== PAGE 323 =====

===== PAGE 324 =====
Your life, ^u0e*u£!v ¿^veLucted/.
Visit us today for your complimentary meal and tour
They say friendship is the spice of life. We couldn’t agree more. At Augustine
Landing, we offer our residents plenty of spice - with 114 neighbors and friends.
And if your friends include those with fur (that bark or purr), not to worry... we
like pets, too. Sound good? It is. Won’t you join us?
Augustine landing
Independent Retirement Living
904-880-1 I 16
10141 Old St. Augustine Rd., Jacksonville, FL 32257
www.augustinelanding.com 'mA
HOLIDAY
© 2008 HOLIDAY RETIREMENT 2200 . RET,REMENT
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
120
===== PAGE 325 =====

===== PAGE 326 =====
Bloch Publishiup
Since 1854 ־ifflT
5875 Mining Terir^|
Suite 104
Jacksonville, FL 32257־
Phone: 866-532-3977
Fax: 904-880-7307
E-mail: Blochpublishina@bellscaM^B_
Shop-On-Line at: http://BlochPubJMh
Judaic Publishers and Booksellers
1 Patronizing Our Advertisers
Mention the Center Yearbook i
===== PAGE 327 =====

===== PAGE 328 =====
124
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 329 =====

===== PAGE 330 =====
S's Most Memorable
Celebrations
are Encore Events
Full Service Event Planning:
• Weddings
• Bar Mitzvah
• Bat Mitzvah
• Corporate Themed Events
• Holiday Events
• Casino Nights
• Fundraisers
• Entertainment for Any Occasion
• Motivational Speakers
T
Jacksonvil
www.encoreevents.com • lsmith@encoreevents.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
126
===== PAGE 331 =====

===== PAGE 332 =====
My chance to treat all my guests like family.
My Homewood.
While you're planning for that special day, do something memorable for those who'll
be joining you. Have them stay in a relaxing suite with a fully equipped kitchen and
enjoy a complimentary Suite Start® hot breakfast buffet daily at the Homewood
Suites by Hilton® St. Johns Town Center. Visit homewoodsuites.com or call
1-800-CALL-HOME®.
Jacksonville/South
St. Johns Town Center
10434 Midtown Parkway
Jacksonville, FL 32246
Í' *Some hotels have audio suites. ,Monday through Thursday, subset to state and local laws. ©2006 HBtoh Hospitality, Inc,
TheHdbnRmuJy Hilton HHonors
MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME.™
HOMEWOOD
SUITES
(904)641-7988
www.jacksonvillesouth.
homewoodsuites.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
128
===== PAGE 333 =====

===== PAGE 334 =====
Best Wishes
for a Healthy, Happy
and Prosperous New Year
Linda Diamond Weinstein
Commercial Lines Account Executive
Jacksonville’s Protector
COINSURANCE
3342 Kari Road, Jacksonville,
Phone: (?04) 268-7310 j Fax: (904) 268-2801
www.jppeny.com
COMMERCIAL LINES » PERSONAL LINES
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS • FINANG¿tL'áÉWIGM
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
130
===== PAGE 335 =====
—K—
-J-
131
===== PAGE 336 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, inc.
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 388-2696
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CFC09184
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS
TELEPHONE: (501) 220-6977
GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
DAYTONA FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (386) 546-6039
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
132 Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 337 =====

===== PAGE 338 =====
4887 Belfort Road Suite 105 I Jacksonville, Florida 32256
904.332.7227 or 800.737.5622 assessment-tech.com
Assessment
Technologies
Group
M
easy-to־understand reDortlna. You'll aet
answers about talent, structure, and culture
auickly. A Dhone call or email Is all you
need to aet started.
WE SPECIALIZE IN:
> Sophisticated Technology
> Online Assessments
> Easy-to-Understand Reporting
> Unique Person Job Match
> Executive Development
> Team Effectiveness
Utllizlna decades of Industry exDerience,
we combine scientific practices and
state-of-the-art technoloay with concise,
As a full service industrial/oraanizational
consultancy, Assessment Technoloaies Group
provides analysis that powers better human
resource decisions. Whether you are evaluating
a job candidate or focusina on imorovina
employee performance, our team of
osycholoaists and Ph.D. organizational
consultants is ready to support your efforts.
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
134
===== PAGE 339 =====

===== PAGE 340 =====
BH
136
===== PAGE 341 =====

===== PAGE 342 =====
COCKTAIL LO
• TEMPURA
• Sushi Bar vChildrepr Menu • Teppanyaki Tholes
Meeting>8rOtherXunctions • Wedding Rehearsals
Private Parties • Private Banquets
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK
Southside: Mon-Fri. Lunch & Dinner Sat. & Sun. Dinner Only
Eagle Harbor & Mandarin: Mon-Sun. Dinner Only
Reservations Accepted, All Major Credit Cards, Gift Certificates Available
Mandarin
2400־292
11148 San Jose Blvd
Southside
2626־642
4483 Southside Blvd
Eagle Harbor
269-3003
2009 East West Parkway
Beach Blvd
Southside
Blvd
*Kan-Ki
JT Butler
1-295
Kan-Ki*
San Jose
Blvd
KÜ&
Kan-Ki*
CR220
c ■
CO
<1
1-295
s<
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
138
===== PAGE 343 =====

===== PAGE 344 =====
246-3085
247-6778 Fax
PATTEN BUS SERVICES, INC.
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, Florida 32233
JUDY PATTEN
RICHARD PATTEN
Cruise P1annerss
Award Winning Agency
SHEREE SPRIGGS
Cruise & Travel Agent
Visit: www.CruisesEverywhere.com
E-mail: shereegaie@aol.com
Local: 904-612*8850
Fax: 904-268-1035
independently Owned & Operated
Associate of Julia Aliseo
m
Ha
ARDUS
design
group
1550-3 Hendricks Ave.
Jacksonville, FI. 32207
904-342-6573 F201-1982
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
140
===== PAGE 345 =====

===== PAGE 346 =====
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Phone (904)6209130־
Fax (904)642-0224
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd. S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
The Ultimate Team Superstore
ORANGE PARK MALL
269-0639
AVENUES MALL
0099־519
VISIT WWW.FOOTBALLFANATICS.COM
‘BTST’WQStfTS TOR 51
oMtty & rtmxrMr *!Jew ytrr
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
142
===== PAGE 347 =====

===== PAGE 348 =====
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., RA
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ear, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 262-7“ E NT” (7368)
www.ent4kids.net
Compliments of
FORD, BOWLUS, DUSS, MORGAN,
KENNEY, SAFER & HAMPTON, P.A.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
Robert M. Morgan
Eliot J. Safer
3652 Crown Point Court
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 2687227־
(904> 8805352־ Fax
10110 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 2687227־
(904) 2623337־ Fax
www.flfirm.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
144
===== PAGE 349 =====

===== PAGE 350 =====
we not only promise you a good haircut,
we guarantee it.
ASHFORD SERVICES
Total Floor Maintenance & Restoration
YOUR SMILE REFLECTS IN THE QUALITY OF OUR SERVICES
The *Preferred Floor Specialist of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
2180 Emerson Street, Jacksonville FL, 32207
(904) 396-7090 • Toll Free: 866-390-7090 • Cell: (904) 333-7594
www.ashfordservices.net
Hair cutlery
Cuts • Color • Style
www.raircuttery.com
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
E.H.Thompson Company
“Food Service Equipment and Supplies Since 1912” ,״innovatiVe
North Florida’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer FOODSERvjSi
NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Heavy Duty
Cooking Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Products
* China, Glass & Silver
• Kitchen Supplies
• Bar Equipment
* Chemicals
* Refrigerators ¿ ! • Furniture
• Bakery Equipment j^1 wr • Custom Fabrication
TOLL FREE: 358-1555 Fax:
1 -800-780-1555 4655 Lenox Avenue (904) 3544448־
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
146
===== PAGE 351 =====

===== PAGE 352 =====
TROPHY
CROWN
11700 San Jose Blvd - suite 6 Jacksonville, FL 32223
(904) 2604871־ email: crownjacksonville@gmail.com
website: www.crowntrophy.com
We Offer a Variety of Award !Products:
*Trophies for every occasion
*Sport/Academic Medals & Sport Dog Tags
*Plaques (Corporate, Team, Sponsor, etc)
*Engraved Glass & Acrylics
*Ribbons & Pins
As Well As Customized Qift Items:
*Engraved Wood Cutting Boards, Spoons
*Religious Gifts - Plaques, Glass, Acrylic
*Desk Accessories - Pen sets, Name Plates
*Christmas Ornaments ־ Glass, Acrylic
a
Ramada
Conference Center
* Bar/Bat Mitzvah Parties
*Shabbat Dinners
*Weddings/Receptions
*Any Special Occasion
The Ramada Conference Center and the Pozin
And 9/Cany Other Items:
*Banners - Digital Full Color or Vinyl
*Plastic Signage
*Engraved & Color Badges
*Promotional and Fundraising Items
*much, much more...
**Think of u$ for your next award or gift purchase**
* Visit our Beautiful showroom -
- CctCC or email us to receive a free catalog -
family invite you to come and be our guest at a
family owned and operated local hotel with
newly renovated rooms. We send our Best
Wishes for a Happy and Healthy New Year.
fíeehMsportationéiKidfimée
synagogue for hotel guests.
1-295 & San Jose Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32257 (904) 268-8080
www.jaxramada.com
f PINCH-A*PENNY ץ
V pootPATto-sPA 1
The Perfect People For A Perfect Pool
.YOUR POOL & PATIO SUPERSTORE !
11200 San Jose Blvd.
268-9561
Serving Mandarin
for 23 years!
No* offering *eeMy poof service/
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
148
===== PAGE 353 =====

===== PAGE 354 =====
Dermatology
& LASER
C\. E N T e R
BOARD CERTIFIED DERMATOLOGISTS
N Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA, Medical Director
Mark A Cohen, MD, MOHS Surgeon
Bruce Paley, DO • William Garvin, MD (ret)
Angela Y Armstrong, ARNP
Diseases, Laser and Surgery of the Hair, Skin and Nails
“Specializing in the Comprehensive Treatment for
Sun Damaged and Aging Skin”
Tumescent Liposuction • MOHS Surgery
The Quicklift MD- mini face, neck & brow lifts
Intense Pulse Light Laser for Sun Damaged Skin
Chemical Peels • Laser Resurfacing
Laser Hair Reduction and Laser Removal of Vascular &
Pigmented Lesions & Wrinkles
Botox1™ • Juvederm1™• Sculptra1™• Restylane1™
*Designated a Platinum Botox Injector since 2004
“Expertise, Experience and the Latest Technology
FOR ALL YOUR SKIN CARE PROBLEMS״
2055 Professional Center Drive
Orange Park, FL 32073
4500־276 (904)
www.dermatologyandlasercenter.net
irs Easy ns 1-2-3
TO Be PEST FREE.
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
CUSTOM OESIOHJB
one-of-hind
mm IH ML
INVITATIONS BY !
award winning designer/illustrator
UNIQUELY DESIGNED JUST FOR YOUR
■Bar/Bat Milzvah !Wedding
■Anniversary ■Engagement
■Birth Announcement
and Other Special Occasions
WANT TO KNOW MORE? CALL
RAYMOND COHEN 904-737-8645
email: raycohen@bellsouth.net
Walts¿
ptom
Pests
• Ants !Poaches | Fleas
• Cá^enter Ant Specialists El if A JtlltC
• Anfually, Quarterly, Monthly ■II if flllfllw
, * Guafanteed Annual
|S firesknt Program
for Lawns
Termites
•!Subterranean
•¡Formosan
•iDrywbod
•¡Pre-Construction Wood
& SoilTreatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
M¿Cuntír tf-l&dda
BRANDON
Pest Control
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
TERMIDOR* 2941 Dawn Rd. | Jacksonville FL 32207
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Official Kosher Meat Suppliers of
Margo’s Catering
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
www.PESTFREE.com
Palm Coast 447.0013
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
150
===== PAGE 355 =====

===== PAGE 356 =====
Unique gift packaging
Handmade truffles and
chocolates
Caramel nut corns
Homemade pastries
Wholesale and retail
CHOCOLATE
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
9122־262־904
fax: 904-292-9559
www.3sisterschocolate.com
& T£0g0laasfc
msotfs Tto
CARPET • WOOD •CERAMIC & PORCELAIN TILE • LAMINATE
VINYL• COMMERCIAL • VCT • NATURAL STONE & MARBLE
RESIDENTIAL & COMMERCIAL SALES & INSTALLATION
•COMPLETE REMODELING•
Office: 904-751-2604
Carpet/Wood: 904-338-4276
Fax: 904-751-0546
Email: jrgtile@aol.com
(904) 737-1344
Lexus GS - Hummer
Infinlti FX45 - QXS6
Excursion ־ Magnum
Land Yacht -- 300
07 Escalade with Spa
Swffe got ft Gof»V 4m,— . 4 .
At Sw5lc5Un10.com
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
SINCE
1926
For all your
glass needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
With Lee and Cates Glass...
“Your going to see a big difference!”
20 North Florida - South Georgia Locations
to better serve you.
Our Family Focus
Is Our Greatest Strength
:ív jl The Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities, LLC (left to right) Raquel Zisman PIM Portfolio Manager Financial Consultant¿
Sandy Zimmerman Senior Vice President Investments, Barbara Jaffe Managin Director Investments,
W'ú Braá Zimmerman Senior Vice President Investments and Diane Pauly First Vice President Investments
For more than two decades, the Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities, LLC has helped some of Jacbonville's
most successful individuals and families focus on what really matters in their lives.
Whether it's your children's or grandchildren's education, hitting your target date for retirement, or fulfilling
| a desire to pass on what you've built, the Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities
ו S offers personal service, perspective and insight —no matter what the markets are doing.
mOHOVIA.
Securities
Uncommon Wisdom
The Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities, LLC
■ 225 Water Street, Suite 2000
, Jacksonville, FL 32202
ÉÉÉ& • 904-3934646־
SECURITIES AND INSURANCE PRODUCTS: NOT INSURED BY FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVENRMENT AGENCY - MAY LOSE VALUE - NOT A DEPOSIT OF OR GUARANTEED BY A BANK AFFILIATE
Wachovia Securities, LLC Member SPIC, a registered broker-dealer and separate affiliate of Wachovia Coproratlon. © 2008 Wachovia Securities, LLC 65870 09/08
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
152
===== PAGE 357 =====

===== PAGE 358 =====
RUGS TO FIT EVERY STYLE
TRADITIONAL
TRANSITIONAL
CONTEMPORARY
CUSTOM DESIGNS
CLEANING • RESTORATION
APPRAISALS
Over To Years Experience
ש
RUG GALLERY
8206 PHILIPS HIGHWAY • JACKSONVILLE, FL
904.730.2121 • jafferuggallery.com
LATHING - PLASTERING -STUCCO
METAL STUDS - DRYWALL - DRYVIT
ACCOUSTICAL TILE - FLOOR COVERING
1703 LAMBERT STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32206
PHONE
(904) 359-0314
Bill Page
1728 Hendricks Ave.
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
Phone: 904-854-0747
Fax: 904-854-0750
Cell: 904-553-2688
T
www.tilemarket. net
181
11׳
of San Marco
Vito
Italian Restaurant
The One and Only
The Original Family
owned and operated
authentic homemade
Italian Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
Serving Jacksonville for
25 years at the same location
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
www.vitosjax.com
vitosjax@comcast.net
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
154
===== PAGE 359 =====
Quick Guide to Jacksonville's
Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Jacksonville Jewish Federation 448-5000
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation 3940720־
Jacksonville Jewish News 2621971־
Jewish Community Alliance 7302100־
Jewish Family & Community Services 4481933־
Mount Carmel Gardens 7336696־
River Garden Hebrew Home/
Wolfson Health & Aging Center 2601818־
Beth Shalom Congregation 2680404־
Beth־El The Beaches Synagogue 2739100־
Chabad-Lubovitch 2626641־
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 7337078־
Etz Chaim 2623565־
155
===== PAGE 360 =====
■nateman
m ss. —isas
The First
g In Printing
MÉÉp'la■
!ן it iן&ן
>üflai1S6^Wív jiífíméi
#gf||ifí!fffíii;
•Faxes
• Advertising Specialties
• High Speed Copying
• Rubber Stamps
•Wedding Invitations
• Holiday Cards
¡!*!■P¡gf
• Envelopes־'/
• Newslettc^siwilHi
• Brochures * f■:;
• Carbonless Forms
• Books
• Business Cards
iHm!
• On-Line Ordering
===== PAGE 361 =====

===== PAGE 362 =====
- December 2008 January 2009
December 2008 »■ ז■ ׳ * 8 : ז, f, s
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
m 1 a■• AA ■p■ ■ 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
Kislev 5769 - Tevet 5769 m ®יו til
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursdav
Friday
Sat/Sun
Kislev 4 December 1
5
6 3
7 4
8 5
9 ............ J
11 8
2
12 9
7:00pm S’hood Program
13 10
—aia^iüB
5:08pm Candle Lighting
■■■■■■■■■
■■■■■■■■■
12:30pm Executive
Meeting
9:30am Middle School
Play
7:00pm Middle School
Play
5:09pm Candle Lighting
Tiyyul to Shul
9:00am Synaplex Activities
10:00am Havurat Shalom
11 ׳■
10:00am R/S Hanukkah
Program
18 15
19 16
20 17:
21 ■ • 18
■ 21
7:30pm General Board
Meeting
11:00am Chai Society
5:12pm Candle Lighting
5:45pm Family Service
24 ׳wmms;sm
First night of Chanukah ־
Candle lighting
■■MB8BIMBBM
27 24
28 25
29 26
sc ■l . 1 '»־:׳־ m
Cha
1ukah
5:00pm Hanukkah
Program
5:16pm Candle Lighting
Rosh Chodesh Tevet
Tevet 1 ■■■■IP” 28
Chanukah
Chan
Likah
4
New Years Eve
w₪₪KMB₪H₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪m
msmm₪₪amj₪₪₪mm₪₪₪₪₪m
Last Night of Chanukah
January 2009
January 2009
S M T W T F S
February 2009
S M T W T F S
12 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10
1 2 3 4 5 6 7
D n >411 44 40 4^'' ׳!
Tevet 5769
11 12 13 14 15 16 17
18 19 20 21 22 23 24
25 26 27 28 29 30 31
o 9 1U 11 14Í 14
15 16 17 18 19 20 21
22 23 24 25 26 27 28
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
5 January 1, 2009
6 2
7 3
New Years Day
5:20pm Candle Lighting
10:30am Alternative Family
Service
W₪₪₪₪₪₪₪M
40 r\
9 סו
14 10
10:30am S’hood Board
Meeting
12:30pm Executive
Meeting
Fleisher
BMitzvah
5:25pm Candle Lighting
15 11
16 12
17 13
18 14
■ו■■■■■■
7:30pm General Board
Meeting
11:00am Chai Society
6:00pm D/S Science Fair
Allerding
BMitzvah
5:31pm Candle Lighting
5:45pm Family Service
M 18
10:00am Congregational
Forum
23 19
24 20
■■■■■i
28 24
Cooper
BMitzvah
5:37pm Candle Lighting
IP■■■■■■■■■■■■■!!
Torah Fund Event
Shvat 1 HHH 26׳
2 27
3 28
4 29
W₪₪₪₪^^₪M
6 31
Rosh Chodesh Sh’vat
Safer Shabbaton
5:43pm Candle Lighting
6:00pm Synaplex Activities
m₪₪₪₪m₪₪₪₪m₪m₪₪m
158
===== PAGE 363 =====
2009 February 2009 March
*, ״. ז,::? :::;1 *. •, 2009 February
s :1 '1. ü ג : ״ ־■ 1 ״ ״ ■ • _ ' _ . m
28 27 20 25 24 23 22 21 20 19 18 » 16 15 C /Cil
31 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 Uv ן V#fllVCll
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
7 : FebMH■
Safer Shabbaton
8 2
9 3
10 4
HIHHHHHHI
6
13 7
10:30am S’hood Board
Meeting
5:49pm Candle Lighting
Consecration
14 8
15 9
■■ ■■■ 10
17 ■■■H
18 ■■■
11׳ ₪₪₪₪₪₪
Tu B’Shvat
Plotkin
BMitzvah
5:55pm Candle Lighting
7:26pm Havdalah
21
^TUOOamSra
Congregational Forum
■flHINflHSEile
W₪₪₪₪₪& n
24 18
25 19
26 20
27 IMMIllfcl21 ׳
4:00pm Executive
Meeting
11:00am Chai Society
5:45pm Family Service
6:00pm Candle Lighting
Shabbat Shekalim
Sisterhood Shabbat
10:30am Alternative Family
28 22
9:00am Family University
29 ■
30 ■
Adar 1 25
1——i
—
Rosh Cho
1esh Adar
Fetner/Le1
rin BMitzvah
6:06pm Candle Lighting
. March2009 April2009 :' ^ ^
!,1;f ׳ * 8 8, / ׳. *. :f י■ 2009 March
11 10 9 8 7 6 5 14 13 12 11 10 9 8
18 17 16 15 14 13 12 21 20 19 18 17 16 15 m _ __ ^ m mm
״!55;! ”־*:״ 5769 Shvat 5769 - Nisan
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
W₪₪KK₪₪₪t₪₪₪₪KKm
5 v. r:mmm₪₪m₪m
6 iBBil 2 7 3 8 4 9 ¡1 MBB g n H¡¡¡¡¡| • .:7
10:30am S’hood Board
Meeting
Rabbi David Gaffnev
Honorarium Weekend
6:10pm Candle Lighting
Shabbat Zachor
•\2m₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪mwm
13 9
Ta’anit Esther
6:30pm Purim Family
Service
14 10
Purim
8:30am Purim Breakfast
15 11
Shushan Purim
12:30pm Executive Meeting
16 12
17 13
7:15pm Candle Lighting
18 14
Shabbat Parah
IP■■———1|
Shabbat Parah
Center Raffle
19 ׳ 23 18 22 17 : 21 16 . 20
24 2025 21
27 23
28 24
^m
11:00am Chai Society
7:30pm General Board
Meeting
!BIB 1 i 26
Yarish
BMitzvah
5:45pm Family Service
7:19pm Candle Lighting
—1^——
'W₪₪₪₪₪₪l₪₪l₪₪k
Rosh Chodesh Nisan
7:24pm Candle Lighting
10:30am Alternative
Family Service
m₪a^₪₪₪₪₪₪m
ן■ ■ ן ■ 1 ׳31׳ ׳ 30:6 ׳ * | 1*
159
===== PAGE 364 =====

===== PAGE 365 =====
s
M
June 2009
T W T
F
S
s
M
July 2009
T W ‘
1
2
3
4
5
6
1
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
5
6
7
8
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
12
13
14
15 1
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
19
20
21
22
28
29
30
26
27
28
29
June 2009
lyar 5769 - Sivan 5769
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
saHSm
Sivan 9 June 1
16 8
10 2
17 9
11 3
12:30pm Executive
Meeting
18 10
12 : 4
13 5
8:07pm Candle
Lighting
20 ■ 12
8:10pm Candle
Lighting
23 15
24 16
25 ■
26 18
27 ■
2S־•;־ ■Ü W₪₪₪ti
7:30pm Annual
Meeting
5:45pm Family Service
8:12pm Candle
Lighting
"יי־""■ "■"י
30 22
Tamuz 1 23
2 24
3 ■
4 ■
27
Rosh Chod<
jsh Tam muz
8:14pm Candle
Lighting
29
8 I
III
————1
July 2009 August 2009
July 2009 8 ■ז r; 1: 8 ■ ׳ *-^
5 6789 10 11 2 3 45678
Tamuz5769 ־ Av5769 j*5!ss: i|l®«il
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
■
9 July 1
10 2
11 3
12 4
8:14pm Candle Lighting
m₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪m
■a
16 ■iW₪₪₪₪i
17 9
18 10
w₪₪₪₪₪₪₪₪t
Shivah Asa
• B’Tammuz
20 12
8:13pm Candle Lighting
21
22 14
23 ■₪₪₪₪₪₪₪
24 16
á©•■- ■■■■■■i
5:45pm Family Service
6:30pm Synaplex
Activities
8:11 pm Candle Lighting
27 19
28 20
29 21
Av 1 22
Rosh Chodesh Av
8:08pm Candle Lighting
Shabbat Flazon
5 26
ו■■■■■■■■■
liMIM
■■■■ ■■■■
<0: ■ ■■■ ■■
Tish’a B’Av
8:03pm Candle Lighting
w₪₪₪₪₪₪m₪₪₪₪₪₪m
161
===== PAGE 366 =====
September 2009
T W T
August 2009
3 4 5
10 11 12
22 23 24 25 26
$
M
T
W
T
f
S.
$
M
2
3
4
5
6
7
1
8
5
7
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
13
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
14
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
20
21
30
31
27
28
August 2009
Av 5759 - Elul 5769
Sat/Sun
Friday
Thursday
Wednesday
Tuesday
Monday
11 August 1
Shabbat Nachamu
12
8
י™
718
6 17
7:58pm Candle Lighting
19
25
RMit7vah
14
Margnll
«ייי
2
ds BMitzvah
7:51pm Candle Lighting
21
Philli
Elul 1
desh Elul
20
Rosh Che
29
9
BMitzvah
5:45pm Family Service
7:44pm Candle Lighting
8 28
Kitay
mm
10
7:37pm Candle Lighting
5 16
23
12
30
19
26
4 15
22
11
29
18
25
14
21
10
28
■
24
13
20
27
October 2009
September 2009
$
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
M
T
W
T
F
$
1
2
3
4
5
1
2
3
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
27
28
29
30
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
September 2009
Elul 5769 ־ Tishrei 5770
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sat/Sun
12 September 1
13 2
14 3
15 4
16 5
Berger
B’Mitzvah
7:28pm Candle Lighting
18 7
19 8
*MM—
23 12
7:20pm Candle Lighting
SELIHOT
25 14
26 15
27 16
28 17
29 18
Tishrei 1.5770 19
Erev Rosh Hashana
7:11pm Candle Lighting
Rosh Hashana
p 90
Rosh Hashana
W₪₪₪₪₪₪₪M
4 22
5 23
BiliBÉWIWiiiiiiWl
MM——
8 28
Tzom Gedaliah
7:02pm Candle Lighting
Shabbat Shuva
9 27
Erev Yom Kippur
10 28
11 29
12 30
Yom Kippur
162
===== PAGE 367 =====
Congratulations !
Phyllis Goldberg,
WLCJ International Vice President
2008-2010
küra Werwa and Barbara Safer
WLCJ International Board Members
2008-2010
We are so very proud of you, Maze¡ Tov!
Barbara Safer, Marsha Pollack, Phyllis Goldberg
Bast Florida Branch Presidents
Toddah Rabbah for aft your dedication and hard wodt.
Sylvia Lubliner, Chair, International Israel Affairs
2006-2008
YasherKoach or* a job well done.
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
&The Jacksonville Jewish Center Sisterhood
===== PAGE 368 =====
CP'Q!»ama
Beit WiitteA, in the New- *If east,
Sid & Anita Garfinkel
Barry, Dana & Elisa Garfinkel
Jeffery Garfinkel
Steve, Brenda, Scott & Jennifer Albert
Michael, Joni & Samantha Albert
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
Dr. Bobby, Joanne, Blake, Alec,
Olivia & Chloe Garfinkel
Kim, Doug, Lauren
& Heather Diamond
===== PAGE 369 =====
Ji'Shana *looa!
WuhitUf AIL a¡ C)un tf-nien&i a
JiealUuf, & tyulfilUtuj, Neta *Ifeasi
A Special Welcome
to- (Dun New- tf-amiliei at the
fJcudzActtuiUe fjeuuilt Qenteol
Andrea & Steven Mail
Sabrina, Zoe & Jasmine
===== PAGE 370 =====
B&d Wake¿
to- Sve/ujone fjo^i
Jtapfuf,, eAeaUlufr Sweet
New ,If eon,
a
Jl 'Sltcata *Joua
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Nina & Sophie
===== PAGE 371 =====
&e¿t Wibltei
¡psi a Jíealtluj,
cuuí rJlapfuj, New *l/eGA,
The Selevan Family
Jack
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
===== PAGE 372 =====
9*t fyousi cMean¿.. .Jlaue
9*1 Ijausi cMame.. .<Jí0ypfU*ve¿A,
941 *lite. l/Üosdcí.. .Peace,
The Zimmermans
Elli & Charles and
Kim & Charlie
Chase, Morrie,
Bennett & Wendell
===== PAGE 373 =====
Jl'SltCUtG. *J04MZ
Waiting *fou a cMap^uf, and
cM-ecdtluf New flfea¿
Harriet and Ernie Brodsky
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Ansley and Ashton Brodsky
/ie¿t Waive¿ Ip¿ a
JleaUluf. & <Jlapp*f> New■ ílfea¿
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Lynn, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Robin, Joshua & Samantha
===== PAGE 374 =====
Qood Jlealtli, Jtafiyuueü & Peace
to■ ,Lfou and youAi
*Htnouyhxiut the yean,
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
May the Qominy yean,
fininy to you alt the PtebMnyi
ojf stealth, Peace and Qoy
The Shorstein Family
170
===== PAGE 375 =====
Matf> if0*ts1 New yea* be ai ¿meet
ai the apfdei and honey we eat
at tkU time of¡ the yeaA
The Werwa Family
Todd, Lara, Griffith and Alana
He¿í Waited
jpsi a cJíealtluf, & otfapfuf,
New tyean
Merle & Ron Cherry
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
4||m & Amy
Marc, Jenny, Ethan,
& Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
&&it Waited
jpsi a <Jlexdtluf, &
N&ua *If eon,
Dave b Phyllis Anchel
Lisa, Bill, Christopher, Rachel,
Curtis, Cindy, Allyson,
Katelynn b Brandon Klingner
Wendy, Jon, Kimberly
b Andrew Kiepek
Craig, Melinda, Michaela,
Jacob b Jeffrey Anchel
Robyn, Justin, Briahna, Kesha,
Sean b Devin Ewing
===== PAGE 376 =====
cP'QUniva *tíoya
feeit OiJiiUei.
Sincene. OfJiihai
fan a JleaWuf. & Jtafuptf,
fan a, JtealUu/,,
Neut Ojean.
Aleut Ojean,
The Fletchers
Julius & Charlotte
Maxine & Jerry Funk
Dale
Amy, Chris
Gary, Sandi, Brad & Todd
& Jordan Petersen
Debbye, Juan &■ Jason
Aleu* Ojean,!
fceit OViiLei fan. a
JlapjUf, & JleaUluf,
Gail, Paul
& Liza Furman
Aleut Ojean
and
Nathan, Diane,
Sylvia Gottlieb
Elizabeth, Emily
& Laura Goldman
===== PAGE 377 =====
Qe&t ,liJillte¿■ fast a ¿loppy.
& cMealtluf, New. *IfeaA,
Renee & Alan Gordon
Ronnie 6 Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natali# 1
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Ellie Ctwi^fj
| Dana, Steve, Jack & Georgia
May the GonUny yean
feniny you fjoy
S <tlayxfUneiir
Qood JleaUh S Peace.
Bruce, Edith,
Sam & Max Horovitz
Jd 'Shona *Iowa!
לשנה טובה ומתוכה
We wUlt all 044S1 fyiiendi
*U/cnme¿t wülte¿ fab a
and tielaUue¿, a
and healthy Neut *If eon
Itappy & ¿meet New *Ifean.
Garry & Debbie Kitay
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
Jonah, Shira & Aaron
===== PAGE 378 =====
היום תאסצנד
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
m NI Mys^lftpp' >£;€J
/1 *Ijeab &jj Peace and
MebUnxj, ta all the Membebí
e¡ the Genteb Qanuhf,
שנה טובה
Shana *leva,
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan,
Avichai, Elior,
& Itamar Lubliner
Jl'Shasta *Josami
Drs. Jeffrey & llene
Levenson
Annie, Brian & Eric
<Jlap*p4f, & Jle&Uluf.
New IfeaA,
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay,
Whitney & Jillian
Rosenberg
WiiUiiKf■ Cve/u/om a
V&uf, Jlcupfuf, & JleaWuf.
New IjeaA.
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Jáy, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
& Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
& Ethan Plotkin
===== PAGE 379 =====
"> I c4>׳Ci|m«\a ¿5׳
לשבה טובה תכתבו
Beit Watte¿ jo¿ a
cMecUUuf, & jj04fQ44¿
New■ ,Ifeast
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew & Dede
Morry & Rachel
Ellen & Robert Schnipper
David Schnipper
Lauren Schnipper
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi, Sara & Louis
:life Greg, Sofia and
Alexander Maidman
Beit Wlikei je¿ a
Jtapfuf■ & JleaJtluf•
fietm If eon.
Beit Wiittei
jo¿ a cMeaitluf, &
Jlaftpy Men* yea¿
Ellen, Barry
Leonard, Debra
& Michael Setzer
and
Benjamin, Melanie
Dena Setzer
& George Setzer
Faye & Ari Schuchman
175
===== PAGE 380 =====
cp'OLn^a rJovo
Re&t Wiblt&i jjon, a
L’Shana Tova
cJlcufifUf, & cJlealtluf,
Neat yean,
,U/iblusUf ,Ifou a
Wand&ijjul and
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
JleaWuf ,if east.
Josh & Carly
Edward, Millie, Sam
& Jonathan Tannen
tf-on, the New yean,
l/ÜíiUe¿, jpsi a
and AluÁCUf¿...
JlealUt, JlcupfUnaii
and Peace
¿a you cutid y&uAA,
eJlafifUf & eMeaUluf,
New• tjeaA.
The Weitzen Family
Jerry & Dianne
Sandy, Lynn,
Michael, Mangala
Brooke & Leah
Maya & Joseph
Zimmerman
Leah & Tim Seymour
Mandy & Jeremy Harris
===== PAGE 381 =====
£' Shasta *lava to■ oust
tf-amily gsuH fyrUend¿.
May you¿ yea¿ be jjiUedt with
much nacha¿ and many ¿¿mocha¿.
Jason & Sarah Agidius
Freida Andriesse
Jonathon Andriesse
Wiihisty Svestyosvc
a cJiapyisy & Jtealthy New- *Ijea¿
The Berger Family
Brad & Ruthie
Eric, Tori & Hailey
JtaftfUf. New IfeoA
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
& Jodi Schneider
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth,
Emily & Laura Goldman
JlapfUf. New IjeGSi
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Jodi Schneider
£'Shasta *losta
Leo, Joanne & Mary Davis
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley & Izabella
Brian, Amy & Charlotte
May ,If044, All cMcutc a *If east aj
cAealth, JlanpssueAA, & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny, Ethan, Samuel,
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina, Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
Ji'Shana *lova
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
Jrap^uf■ New IjeGA.
p!o*n Qua. fyanUhf to■ ,IfouAi!
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline
& Amelia Ernas
===== PAGE 382 =====
,IfJiblUnxf *f044 a *L/ea/i 0]
Jlealtlt S cJlappineAA,
cMap^uf, S Jlealtluj, New *l/ean,.
Peace 04t Sa4Ut la AIL
Michael, Ava, Leia
& Julia Fixel
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
Be¿t *WülteÁ,
]04, a *l/ean, billed with
Jleoltlt, dlap^Uwe¿¿, S Peace
A dlapfuf,, cMealtluj,
S Peaceful New- !jean,
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Cara
Emily & Erik
Chary & Michael Greenburg
and Family
*h/aAsneit l/Uuhei ]04, a *l/eaA,
]filled with JlealtU, dlcup^iine¿¿,
and Peace
The Levine Family
Christina, Mark,
Ellis & Ethan
Be¿t Wake¿- ]04, a JlafifUf,
S Jlealtluf, New *If eon,
The Levines
Bill, Stevie & Samanatha
Aaron, Angela & Margot
dl'Shana *loaa
Jan, Bruce,
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
WaltUuj, *1/044, a Sweet
S dleaUtuf, New *l/eab
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
& Gabrielle Margol
178
===== PAGE 383 =====
cp'OKniiva *xSovg
Qua &e¿i Wultei fpA a
cMeoltluj, & cMafLfUf, New- l^eaA
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda & Ben Linsky
Jennie & Mark Gailey
Beit Wiiltei fpA, a
& cJtealtluj,
Aleut 'IjeaA
Elaine Aston Mendelson
Beit 1WiiJtei fpi a
Jl&pfUf & cMeoltluf. Aleut 'Ifea'i
Robin, Jeffery, Shira,
Aliza & Zachary Morris
A1 Jleattluf, and
P^uaipeAxtuA, Aleut eaA
The Mosias Family
Steve, Irene, Stefanie,
Daniel & Mark
lAJülusiCj, ifou the
SweetueH ¿j a New, *l/eon,
L’Shana Tova
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
Beit *Wiiltei fan. a
JleaWuf, Jlaftfu, Aleut IfeoA.
Mary & Leonard Selber
Lillian Friedman and
Roselyn Selber & Family
Qua, lieit *Wultei jpA a
JlapfUf, & tJlecdtluf, Aleut fyeoA,
Judy & Steve Silverman
Beit Wake¿, Jj3a, a ,If eon a¡
Peace,, (Jtecdtlt & JtapfUnebi
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
===== PAGE 384 =====
SPSkavvo.
,WolUnc^ ,l/ou a *l/easi
tf-lLLed witlt Many lileAAitUfl
Beit Wiihei fon, a
Jlealtluf, & AfcupfUf, New yean,
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family J
Evan, Arlene,
Esther & Tania Yegelwel
Beit Wiihei fon, a
& etleattluf, New yean
Laurie, Linda, Susan, Shira,
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie DuBow
A Jlappy & cMealtluf, New yean to (Dun
fynieuAi, fyanULf, & Chavunah
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
A Alap^uf■ & Jleatttuf, New yean
Linda & Lester Edelstein
Sandra & Barbara
Dr. Walker, Mindy & Rachel Whaley
Wiihuuj, you. a tJtapfUf,
& Jleattluf■ New■ yeas¡,
Larry, Carla, Josh, Jeri & Sam Bernard
A AfaftfUf■ & Jteattluf, New yean to AIL
Martin, Betty, Angela
& Joshua Edwards
Beit Wiihei ft7n the■ New yean
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
Beit 1Wiihei■ fon a
Ala^ifuf■ & Jlealtluf■ New yean
Ben & Pat Frisch
Adam, Mark and Steven
May youA yean. Be fyiltect
witlt Jleatth, ctlafifuu&iA & Peace
Abe & Shirley Bielski and Family
Beit Wiihei■ fon a
Jtapfuf, & etleattluf■ New yean
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
Beit Wiihei fon, a yean, of
Peace, Ateatth & AlafifUneii
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Beit Wiihei. fan a yean of
Peace, Alealth & AlapfUneii
Carole Goldberg, Lane Goldberg
David & Cassandra Goldberg
Eric & Sherry Goldberg
Beit Wiihei. to All Oun fynieuAi
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
Jlcqxfuf■ New yean
The Goldstein Family
Jeff, Doris, Ellen, Max & Aliza
180
===== PAGE 385 =====
May you He BleUed with Qood Jlealth
Peace & <Jlcupy2ineii in the New■ yean
Leslie & Eric Held
Kim, Jon, Eliza, Allie & Ayden Israel
Beit Wiihei ¿on a
Peaceful & dlealthy New yean
The Krestul Family
JB'&hana *loaa
Bobbie Heyman & Family
Beit Wiihei ¿on a
Jlealthy & dlapyuy New yean
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
Beit Wiihei ¿on a
JlapfUj, & Jlealthy New yean,
Ben Hoffenberg
Beit Wiihei ¿on a yean o¿ Peace,
cMeolth & JlayifUneii
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
Beit Waite¿, fan. a JlapfUf, & tMeolthy New yean.
Rhoda & Norman Kagan
Donna Falyn
Jonathan & Lance Buring
New yean'i Qneetinyi
Kal & Judith Levinson
We Walt you All
a etlap^xy Jlealthy New yean
Sheldon & Harriett Kaplan
Lee & Kevin
Beit Wiihei ■¿on a
ahealtluf, & cMopyny New yean
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Wahiny you a etlap^ny & cMealthy yean
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof
Tali & Zach
Dr. Gil, Leigh & Josh Kentof
Wanmeit Wiihei ¿on a
Jlapfuf, & Jlealthy New yean
Barbara & Bennie Margol
Jl'Shana *Jova
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh &Tara Kornblum
May the Qominy yean he a Jlapyuy One
¿on you & youni
Marilyn & Mike Mass
Marie & Irv Kowitz
Pat & Csaba Orban & Litsa
Hazzan Mitchell & Linda Kowitz
Joshua, Michael Benjamin, Shelly Marie,
Logan & Kyle
Wiihiny you & youni
a yean o¿ ulfiUment & Peace
Jewel & Herman Miller
181
===== PAGE 386 =====
Don’t B#
Don’t B b
Just B h
Love, 1
Judith Anne Naftulin Geller Nevel
WiiltUuf you a yean a¡ Qood Jtealth & Peace
The Rubens Family
George & Ellen, Joshua, Cara & Jacob
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly
jR'Shana *Joaa
Kathy, Morrie & Ashley Lois Osterer
Matalie, Eli & Shira Menaged
Jessica & Victor Hassid
Melissa & Douglas Storch
A eMapyiy & Jtealthy New yean
The Ruby Family
Margo & Stanley
Andrew, Catrina, Jessica & Jacob
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee & Mischa Pollock
\*UJidJuuy you a dlealtluf. and
tAcupfuf, New yean
Rubye Safer, Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
,U/iLlUtUf you a \IjeGA.■ of (food cMealtk,
cMcyifUue¿¿., Gouteutmeut & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
Redt ,lOultei fan a yean
0Jj Peace, dtealth 8. dfapfuueil
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa & Ashley Zunic
Vi/anmedt Wahei fain a
dtafifuy & Jteatthy New■ yean
Julia, Jay, Arthur & Corey Portnoy
May the Gonuuy yean tiniuy you joy &
díapyUueii, Qood dtealth & Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul
Laurie, Dustin & Frankie
A dtayipy & dieatthy Neut yean
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
JR 'Shana *Java *Jihatauu
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Lisa & Stefanie
Ivy & Joshua Weingram
Reit Widhei, Qood dteatth & dtcyxfty New *If eon,
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol, Douglas, Zita
& Shmuel Chaim Weinstein
fyan the New yean & Atwayi
dtealth, JtafLfUueM & Peace
Dr. Kenneth & Sheryl Sekine
Joshua, Emilie & Naomi Paige
Elizabeth & Sarah
RedtWidhei faina
cMealthy & dlapyiy New yean
Alan, Ellen,
Rachel, Adam & Gabriel Rosner
Reit Wuhei ■fan a
cMealthy & dfapfty New yean
Rochelle Shainbrown
===== PAGE 387 =====
a
Jt'Bltana. *Joaa *Jikatauu
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Jl'Sltana. *lova
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan & Julie Witten
Be¿t '¡/Oiilte¿. to- tf-onubf, £ tf-Aiend¿
foA a JlapfUf £ Jleaitluf New. *If east
Joni & Harry
Adam & Kim, liana and Ross Shmunes
Beit ,Wnlte¿ f0A a Jlappuf,
Jleaitluf. New yeaA
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex,
Jared & Ally Wolfson
'¡UiiltLnxf 044A. fyanuiif and tf-Aiandi
a Jleaitluf, Jlapfuf, Peaceful
£ P/iaipeAoui. New 'LfeaA
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
JlapfUf New yeaA
Anita, Jeffrey,
Jonathan, Laura & Jeremy Eli Zucker
Andrea, Nicolas & Stella Rachael Muzin
Beit ,¡Unite¿ f0A a
Jleaitluf £ Jlapfuf New yeaA
Carole & Barry Sinoff
New yeaA¡i. QneetUtCfi
Dr. Mark, Roz, Rachael & Alexandra Abramson
B'Sltana *tova *likdtauu,
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Beit Wnlte¿ foA a
Jleaitluf £ Jlapfuf New 'IjeaA,
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
JlapfUf New yeaA
Marsha Berdit & Family
QAeetintf i. & Beit Wiihe¿.
Edward E. Bernard
WiilUnKf. you a fynuiiful yeaA
Quit of Hove. & Jlapfuue¿¿
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael
and Hilda Warfield
Beit ÍUnite¿. f0A a JlapfUf New yeaA
Annette & Leon Bernstein
Beit ¡/Unite¿ foA a Jlapfuf £ Jleaitluf New yeaA
Philip, Linda, Lauren & Sasha Bloom
A Jlapfuf £ Jleaitluf New yeaA.
Esther Weiss & Family
,Wiiiuutf you a Jleaitluf £ Jlapfuf New yeaA
Naomie & Bob Bossen
Beit '¡Ulilte¿ foA a Jleaitluf £ Jlapfuf New yeaA
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
Jt'Sltana *Joaa
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Stephanie, Kyler & Taryn
Beit 'Uliiltei. foA a Jleaitluf New yeaA
Becky Bromberg
Beit ,¡Unite¿ foA a Jleaitluf £ JlapfUf New yeaA
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
183
===== PAGE 388 =====
A cMeaUluf, & otfafifuf New ,Ifea¿
David, Sonya, Gabrielle & Joel Cohen
Neil Waite¿ fa¿ a Jtap^up & Jleallluf. New ,Ifea¿
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
*la one. and all, Itaue a wonde¿ful New If eon.
Jerry & Kathy Cohn
Neil Wake¿ fa¿ a JlafifUf. New Ifea¿
Arthur Hurwitz
Neil Waite¿ fa¿ a Jfapfuf■ & JleaUluf. New ,Ifea¿
Jack & Anita Dittman
Ricky, Elaine, Lauren & Erica Mack
Neil Waite¿ fa¿ a Jlealllup New ,Ifea¿
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
Beil Wilhe¿ fa¿ the New ,Ifea¿
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Donziger
Waltincf ,Ifon a New ,Ifea¿ tilled willt mantf,
Nleiiintf¿ of Peace, Jteallh & JlapfUnei¿
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
cJlap^uf, & Peaceful New ,Ifea¿
Sue, Fred, Mitchell & Brett Eaglstein
¿fapfuf. New ,Ifea¿
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Jl'Sltana *leva
Judy & Saul Eisen & Family
A JlapfUf, & Jlealiluj. New ,Ifea¿ to All
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
Jl'Sltana *loua to All
The Ferman Family
A JlapfUf., Jlealiluf, New ,Ifea¿
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsch Kravitz
Jl'Sltana *leva
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
Jl'Sltana *loua
Hank, Ellen, Lauren & Jessica Kopp
and Phyllis Fried
A ¿loppy & tJleallluf, New ,Ifea¿ to All
Beverly Geller & Family
Ou¿ Neil Waite¿ fa¿ a Jlap^uf, JleaJlluf New ,Ifea¿
Naomi & Larry Lazar
¿loppy New ,Ifea¿
Bonnie Gelman
JlapfUf. New ,Ifea¿
Bernie & Joan Marón & Family
Jl'Sltana *Java
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
ellafifUf■ New ,Ifea¿
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
Jl'Sltana *loua
Sol & Hilda Goldman
JloftfUf. New ,Ifea¿
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg
and Sharon Michaels
Jl'Sltana *Java
The Goodman Family
Jl'Sltana *Jooa
Dr. Edward & Judy Mizrahi & Family
A JlaftfUj, & Jlealtluf, New Ifea¿
to mu fyamilu & ¿}¿¡end¿
Use Gottlieb
Jlap^uf New ,Ifea¿
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Sara, Dena, Jonathan & Debra
A Jlapfuf. & Jlealtluf, New ,Ifea¿
May Grann & Family
Jl'Sltana *leva
Steven, Faye, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi״
Jl'Sltana *Joaa
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
Neil Wiilte¿ fa¿ a JlapfUf, New ,Ifea¿
Jeanette Newman & Family
===== PAGE 389 =====
a (rTo^p^j
Jl'Skana *lova u J Metnkak
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
Beit Wake.1 fail a cMeoltky New 'Ifedi
Nathan & Thelma Schneider
Beit Wakei fan a Jtapyuf, & Jteattky New 'Ijea'i
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
dtapyxy New ,Ifecn
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
Peace, díapfUneü & dlealtk to■ AIL
Anita & Allan Perlman
Ann, Leon & Arlene Silke
Cheryl & Greg Benisch Family
Wendy, Ron G Lauren fpnberg
dlapyuneii, Peace & Qood Jteaitk
Ron & Lita Poehlman
Jtappy. & Jteottky New ,Ifeae to ¿)■amity & ¿)niendi
Doris & Fred Singer
Beit Wiikel fan a dtapyxy & dteolthy New ,Ijeao
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Beit Wake.i fan a Peacefad New ,Ifecn
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
Beit Wake¿ fan a eMapyuf, & cMeolthy New ,Ifem
Arlene, Jerry & Jason Rademan
Alyssa & Matthew Siegel
A «Nappy & dteattky New ,Ifecn
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Wokina a dtapyui & Jíealtky New ,!tea*,
to aiL the j)GG fyamitiei
The Raikes Family
JL'Bkana *leva, 'Ifatt
Karen & Phil Sterman
Jtafifuf, & JteaLthy New 'IfeaA■
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
WakUty CoeOyone a «Nappy & Neattky New ,Ifecn
Joan & Ben Talpalar
Beit Wake.1 •fate a Peaceful New Ijeasi
Rick, Claudia, Joshua & Jodie Rosenberg
A Nappy, Neattky & Peacefad New ,Ifecn to AIL
Harry & Dot Verstandig
WakUuj, Zo&ufone a ¿loppy & Jte&ltky New 'IfeoA.
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Beit Wake¿ fan a Nappy & Neattky New ,Ifecn
Sumner & Joan Waitz
A dfappy & diealtky New ,Ifeast.
Bernard & Celia Sachs
A Nappy, Neattky & Peacefad New Ifecn
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow & Family ^
Jtanfuf, New ,IfeaA,
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair,
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
Nappy New ,Ifecn
Daniel, Lathy, Lite, Mari,
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
May *7ka New IjeaA. B>Uny dtappinei¿ & Peace to
1^044■ and *Ikobe ,Ifon Jtoue
Frances Schemer & Family
Beit Wakei fan a Nappy & Neattky New 'IfeaA-
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
A 'Lfea/i in which
AIL yom fyon&eit dtopei Gome *leue
Margaret Schemer, & Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Beit Wakei fan a Neattky & Nappy New ,Ifecn
Edward & Bunny Witten
Wakiny Zoesiyone dtoppineii and
Qood dtealtk •fra the New ,Ifeae
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Beit Wakei fan a Nappy & Neattky New ,Ifecn
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin & George Setzer
David, Priscilla, Jason,
Matthew & Shoshana Schmerer
Nappy & Neattky New ,Ifecn
Murray & Chickee Yegelwel
185
===== PAGE 390 =====
Sffíkavva
rea/ vfeasi
Peace, Qood JíeaWt & <Mapp4*teb&. foe the A<
Elsie Yellin
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik & Family
Phyllis Paul Lewis &• Family
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Hilda Lewit & Family
Clara & Milton Mann
Hilda Mazo & Family
Lillian Meizlik
Dr. David & Judy B. Mizrahi
Ira & Evelyn Peck
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
Leon Robins & Family
William Rose
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Minnie Schreiber
Mr. & Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
Leah & Iris Solomon
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier & Family
Barbara Teitelman & Family
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Thompkins
Jean Weinberg & Family
Alan & Sandy Weiss
Sandy & Martin Weiss & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Benjamin Zimmerman
Zipora Zucker
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler & Family
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Anne Benjamin & Family
Brian & Judie Benwick
Pollie Copans
Barry, Linda, Greg, Jayson & Brenna Dacks
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Sandi Driben
Harriette Ehrlich
Ruth Fagan
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Helen Goldman & Family
Roz & Faye Goodman
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Diane & Allen Gray & Family
Julie Halpern & Family
The Honigmans
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Li I Koegler & Family
Walter & Syliva Kraemer
Dorothy S. Legum
Paula Lerner
186
===== PAGE 391 =====
Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
4485000־ • Fax: 4485715־
www. j ewishj acksonville.org
The officers, board members and staff of Federation wish the members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a Happy and Healthy New Year!
The Jewish Federation is the only organization in our community conducting an
annual campaign benefiting the JCA, River Garden, JFCS, the Jewish Foundation,
all local synagogues, the Jewish Agency for Israel and the Joint Distribution Committee. All
synagogues in Jacksonville receive an allocation from Federation.
One of Federation’s priorities is support of Jewish education. We are proud to fund the
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School and to work together as co-sponsors of Family University.
Federation funds the Torah Academy of Jacksonville now in its 5th year of operation. This fall
marks the third year for our Jewish community’s Hebrew High program, Beit Midrash, to fall
under Federation.
Journeys to Israel for our youth make all the difference in the world. We are proud to
support the Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program and birthright Israel.
Community Relations, Missions, Leadership Development and planning make up the
Federations’s agenda.
We pray this will be a wonderful year for the members of our Jewish community and our
fellow Jews living in Israel and throughout the world.
Leonard Setzer, President Alan Margolies, Executive Director
-Executive Committee-
President
Leonard Setzer
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Gary Perlman
Vice Presidents
Debbie Parker
Michael Solloway
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Francine Kempner
Treasurer
Larry Appel
Secretary
Leonardo Maiman
Women’s Campaign Chair
Rori Stevens
Immediate Past President
Leslie Held
Presidential Appointee
Mitchell Levine
Foundation
!—Board of Trustees—ן
Fiscal Year 2008 - 2009
Richard Sisisky, President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Loretta Cornelius
*Michael Donziger, Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards, Sec.
Dr. Ronald Eünoff
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq., V.P.
*Mel Gottlieb, Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Kenneth B. Jacobs, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe, CIMA
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Marsha Pollock
Neil Presser, CPA, Trustee
*Stephen Silverman, Trustee
Stacie Wilf
Sandy Zimmerman
Barry Zisser, Esq.
*Past President
Of Blessed Memory
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees wishes you and yours
“L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year.’
This year, while you are contemplating your blessings, consider the many programs of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. What a better time than Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, when
we are looking into the eyes of those we love and thanking G-d, to make a commitment to
perpetuate a family tradition off supporting Jewish causes.
Please remember the Jacksonville Jewish Center while doing your estate planning.
Contact the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation to learn more about the many opportunities to
include the Center and other Jewish causes you care about in your estate planning and in your
will.
Call (904) 394-0720 to create your Jewish legacy.
P. O. Box 24847 • Jacksonville, Forida 32241
Phone: 904*394*0720 Fax: 904*394*0956
187
===== PAGE 392 =====
Community Agencies
A/. S^cirv
Jewish Community Alliance
on40/ ׳ 'PtvlA&l׳ (Jewish C4yrvwvvM*\tjtt^
8505 San Jose EQvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 7302444־, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
The JCA offers so many wonderful new Jewish programs and activities. We continue
to serve the Jewish community more completely and better each year. We strive to welcome
all and share our Jewish traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to strengthen Jewish life, serve as a common meeting
ground, and enhance the quality of life of the entire community. To aid us in that mission,
the JCA has a 4,500-square-foot, state-of-the-art fitness center with more than 100 pieces
of strength and cardiovascular equipment, a remodeled adult lounge, a new pottery and arts
studio, a new aerobics area and additional classrooms for the Early Childhood Education
program.
The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high-quality programs for
people of all ages including: accredited summer camp and preschool, Mommy and Me, after
school care, young family programs, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer, J Institute, mature adult
activities, youth theatre, fitness and recreational programs, Machón Aviv, Young Concert
Artist series, All Things Jewish, culture and arts programs, and by providing a place for
family, “neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other 10-
cal synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and celebrations.
Some of the fabulous programs include: Ask the Rabbi, Jewish Book Festival, special film
showings of “Look to the Sky” and “A Life Apart - Hasidism in America,” and Celebrate
Israel celebration.
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to
be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to all.
Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs -- after all, YOU ALREADY
BELONG.
The JCA is the common meeting ground for the entire Jewish Community.
Shalom!
JCA
2008 - 20009—
Executive Board
David C. Miller
President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Jan Lipsky
Vice President
Katie Kight
Secretary
Charles Berman
Treasurer
Suzette Allen
At Large
Malcolm Bloom
At Large
Brian Mendelson
At Large
David A. Stein
Honorary Chairman
Steve Sherman
Past President
Kenneth B. Jacobs
Past President
Myron Flagler
Executive Director
188
===== PAGE 393 =====
Community Agencies
*gk River Garden
Excellence in Adult Care and Services
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • 2601818־ • www.rivergarden.org
Governor’s Gold Seal Award for Excellence in Long-Term Care
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long...” It was this
commandment, which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home
in 1946. It was this commandment, which nourished the love, and care that
for more than sixty years has made River Garden a nationally recognized
model of excellence in its field. It was this commandment that made it
necessary to create a Home that is welcoming to families and encourages the
use of it as an extension of family space. River Garden residents are part of
the community not apart from it.
River Garden Hebrew Home is the anchor of a growing system of elder
services including the Home, The Coves, The Therapy Center, Resident Care
Services Program and Home Health Agency. The success of River Garden
is based on the tradition of meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community
needs and of serving rich and poor alike with excellence. The River Garden
Foundation accepts donations to help River Garden continue to meet its
mission. This would not be possible without substantial charitable support
from the community and the work of The River Garden Foundation to
stimulate planned gift annuities, trusts and bequests.
River Garden’s programs of short-stay rehabilitation, respite care,
long-term residential care, Alzheimer’s/Dementia care, Adult Day Program,
and outpatient therapies serve hundreds of people a day. These programs are
guided by a devoted, professional full time staff of over 275. Staff includes
physicians, nurses, certified nursing assistants, social workers, pharmacists,
activities specialists, beauticians, physical, occupational and speech
therapists, dieticians, and other support staff. In addition, scores of dedicated
volunteers help create a special caring community.
River Garden’s 35-acre Mandarin campus containing lush Florida
landscape, private lake, and meandering walking paths is the perfect setting
for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community where people live,
love and care. It is a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content,
and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the
Fifth Commandment.
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Fred Tromberg
Vice President:
Ron Elinoff
Vice President:
Michael Greenburg
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Secretary:
Allen Gray
Treasurer:
Edward Grenadier
River Garden Hebrew Home
President:
Janis Fleet
Vice Pres./Admissions: Mark Lodinger
Vice Pres./Admissions: Skip Willbach
Vice President/House: Jack Price
Secretary:
Judy Paul
Treasurer:
Cindy Demri
River Garden Foundation
President:
Stacie Wilf
Vice President:
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President:
Debby Harris
Vice President:
Curtis Hazel
Secretary:
Veronica Maybury
Treasurer:
Jeffrey R. Edwards
The Coves Board
President:
Michael Lissner
Vice President:
C. Donald Romo
Vice President:
Lois Schlesinger
Secretary:
Shirley Bielski
Treasurer:
Dennis Lafer
River Garden
FOUNDATION
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established
to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services.
This elegant yet affordable retire-
ment community is located on River Gar-
den’s 35 acre campus in Mandarin.
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit River
Garden Holding Company, The Coves
offers comfort, security, clubhouse living
and the opportunity for continued growth
during the retirement years, in a Jewishly
sponsored environment.
189
===== PAGE 394 =====
Community Agencies
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
6696־733 (904)
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide comfortable
and pleasant surroundings. From the
initial concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens
has strived to create respectable
living, providing more than housing.
Mt. Carmel Gardens offers a 17-story
building on a beautifully landscaped
site, 24-hour staffing, community
facilities, and planned programs, all
of which were developed as part of
an overall concept ... a concept of
responding to the desires of retirees for
security, comfort, safety, independence
and the enrichment of stimulating
social-recreational activities shared
with others.
JEWISH
FAMILY&
COMMUNITY
SERVICES
Changing lives for better tomorrows
6261 Dupont Station Court East
Jacksonville, FL 32217 • Phone 448-1933
Jewish Family & Community Services is here for you
JFCS is here to provide needed services to
Jacksonville’s Jewish community and beyond. Members of
our Jewish Community are always our priority.
Our goal is to fully meet the needs of the Jewish
community while providing significant services to the
broader community in the Jewish tradition of tikkun 01am.
JFCS provides services for every phase of the life cycle, from birth (adoption)
to end of life (Jewish Hospice) and for all the life challenges in between by offering
counseling, support groups, children’s programs, financial assistance and senior
services including, Jewish Healing Network and our new Medical Advocate Program
(MAP). The positive impact of these programs is seen and felt by members of the
Jewish community who come through our doors everyday.
The programs JFCS offer tie threads together to change a life. And that one
life will touch many others. On behalf of our board, staff and clients we are offering
sincere thanks to our Jewish community for making it possible for JFCS to provide
services to our Jewish citizens, of all ages and backgrounds.
Thank you.
Iris T. Young
1—JFCS Officers—ן
2008 - 2009
President
Isabel Tanenbaum
First Vice President
Howard Caplan
Vice Presidents
Bruce Glassman
Erica Jolles
Francine Kempner
Anne Lufrano
Glenn Ullmann
Chairman
David Garfinkel
JFCS PROGRAMS FOR THE JEWISH COMMUNITY
Mount Carmel Gardens
is conveniently located, with
transportation, shopping, hospital and
doctor’s offices nearby.
Mt. Carmel Officers
and Board of Directors
President
Ben Lewis, DDS
Vice President
Helen Werking, E.D.
Memories of Love Foundation
Secretary
Anne Storch
Board Members
Neil Ambrus
Louise Axelberg, LCSW
Dolores Dworetsky
Jerry Harward
Ardene Halpern
Galina Voloshin
Older Adult Services
• Geriatric Care Management
• Support Groups, Counseling and
Educational programs
• Community Kosher Nutrition Program
• Kosher Kart
• Transportation (CALL2G0)
Jewish Healing Network
Healing Gatherings
Hospice
• Jewish Hospice Connection
• Haven Hospice Program
Adoption
NEW PROGRAMS
Medical Advocate Program (MAP): MAP pro-
vides a Geriatric Care Manager to accompany
individuals to their medical appointments,
advocate for them, take notes and provide a
summary report to the senior and/or family,
and ongoing follow up.
Koleinujax: An info sharing web-site for par-
ents of Jewish children with special needs.
Counseling - Workshops - Groups
• Bereavement Support
• Club Sandwich - Caregiver Support
• Two Faiths One Heart - Interfaith
Support Group
• “Minds in Motion!” - Supportive
educational services
Career Directions
Camp Scholarships
College Loans
Emergency Financial Assistance
• Rent • Deposits • Utilities - Case
Management
• FANN (Feed A Needy Neighbor)
• Indigent Burial Service
For additional information visit our web-site at www.jfcsjax.org or call 448-1933.
190
Board Members Emeritus
Jack & Helene Coleman
===== PAGE 395 =====
Community Organizations
Hadassah
We are the largest Jewish, the largest volunteer, the
largest women’s membership organization in the United
States with 300,000 members and associates in every state,
each Congressional District, and in more than 30 countries
around the world. Hadassah is dedicated to educating and
empowering women about their health, their rights, their
religion, and Israel by providing leadership and training in
every community through our extensive network of 1600
chapters and groups.
Our educational activities include Jewish and women’s
issue-oriented programs, study groups, and educational and
leadership training institutes and academies such as Youth
Programs ^SAl Galgalim and Wheeling On which offer
holiday based programming for children and their families
teaching them how to celebrate Shabbat and the Jewish
holidays together. Other activites are Check It Out® which
are breast and testicular health awareness programs for
teens and adults, the Education and Action for a Healthy
Tomorrow program for the prevention of osteoporosis, heart
disease, breast/colon cancer, and HPV (human papilloma
virus), and the Read• Write*N0w volunteer tutoring programs
to improve reading and writing skills in grades 1-6.
Hadassah’s projects are the Hadassah Medical
Organization (HMO), which provides state-of-the-art health
care to nearly a million patients a year regardless of race,
religion, or nationality, Hadassah College Jerusalem, Young
Judaea, Youth Aliyah/Children at Risk and the Jewish
National Fund. Please visit our website www.hadassah.org
for more information on these incredible projects.
The Jacksonville Chapter of Hadassah consists of four
groups throughout the city and the beaches. It would be my
pleasure to discuss which group would best suit your interests.
Feel free to contact me, Lin Pomerantz, at 904.923.8030
or linpomer@comcast.net.
American Friends of Magen David Adorn ־־ ARMDI
Founded as a First Aid Society in 1930, Magen David Adorn
is continually evolving. The INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS
has accepted MDA as a full member and ARMDI added American
Friends of Magen David Adorn to it’s official name in the United
States.
MDAresponds to all medical emergencies, from pregnancies^
heart attacks, strokes and illness to traffic accidents, work-related
injuries and terror attacks - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, year
after year. Within minutes, one of MDA’s rescue units arrive on
the scene. Trained volunteers and professional medical responders
administer immediate help or transport the patient to a hospital.
They continually train to upgrade and maintain their skills and to
keep abreast of the latest technology.
In Jacksonville, we raise needed funds. Mishloach Manot
cards and Cards & Certificates proceeds have been used to replenish
MDA ambulances and First Aid Stations in the Hadera-Eiron
Region with replacement equipment, Bandaids and Bandages. Vera
& Mort Benjamin, 387-9372 can offer suggestions and then send
them for you. Each $1 donated to our puzzle project also helps. If
you would like to make a contribution to this fund, please send a
check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4543 Rock River Road W, Jacksonville
FL 32224; your name will go on the back of a puzzle piece donated
to a local shelter while the funds go directly to Israel.
Our annual raffle helps the MDA National Blood Service
Center meet 100% of the blood and plasma needs of the IDF
and 95% of the rest of the country. It is currently undergoing
modernization and expansion of its research and blood storage
facilities. Without the help of volunteers like Ray Hardy this would
not be possible.
The MDA Israel Cord Blood Bank Center removes stem
cells from the cord blood donated by parents of healthy babies,
as well as tests, types and store these to be primarily used to treat
cancers and blood disasters.
With a fiscal year of 1 Jan - 31 Dec - it’s the same as the
calendar year. Show your support for the State of Israel for only
$25 or $200 Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh
by joining today and be paid thru 31 Dec 2009. Mail to Mitzvah
ARMDI, 10323 Docksider Drive E, Jacksonville, FL 32257
For us its only a check, for them it could mean life itself
2008 2009־ Presidents
Chapter
Lin Pomerantz
Aronson Health Care Professionals Group:
Sondar Resnikoff
Shir Li:
Lisa Bergman
Tammy Shuman
Tikva:
Joanne Rosenberg
Yamit:
Judi Robert
Susan Sidle
2008 2009־ Officers of the
Mitzvah Chapter Magen David Adorn-
Wendy Honigman & Joan Waitz
Hana Schindler
Elisheva Shields
Dr George Glossman
Sandra Resnikoff
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Vera & Mort Benjamin
Ray Hardy
Publicity: Michael Lewyn
Bulletin: Pricilla Schmerer
Raffle: Meir Cohen
Retention: Deb Hanlon
Board: Dr. Joseph Honigman,
Carol & Harvey Matoren, Dr. Andrew Sauer,
Naomi Lazar, Penny Powell
Emeritus Board: Ilse Gottlieb, Drs. Chiel & Olga Wind
Co-Presidents:
Executive Vice-President:
Membership Coordinator:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Cards/Donations:
Outreach:
191
===== PAGE 396 =====
Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
Preschoolers, River
Garden and Mount
Carmel residents,
recipients of shelach
manot delivered by
the Martin J. Gottlieb
Middle School Mitzvah Program for Purim 2007, Community
Yom HaAtzmaut celebration and Family University, as well
as other community events.
Many thanks are owed to the many volunteers who
continue to give freely of themselves to make this program
so successful.
The group is always looking for new trainees and
hopes to sponsor additional training sessions for both adults
and teens in the sixth grade or older during the coming year.
If you are interested, please contact Vivo at lenjorge@
comcast.net or Gigibell at gigi-18@comcast.net
The goal of the
Jacksonville Mitzvah
Clowns is to create
a self perpetuating
corps of local Mitzvah
Clowns available for
periodic visits and special programs at local facilities, as well
as participation in local programs which serve the Jewish
community and the general community. The Mitzvah Clown
program seeks to bring smiles, companionship and cheer to
sick and aged people while at the same time enhancing self-
confidence and creating a joy of doing mitzvot among the
Mitzvah Clown participants. The program also seeks to instill
in the participants a level of comfort when performing the
mitzvah of bikkur holim.
The Jacksonville Mitzvah Clowns have participated
in various community events during the past year including
bringing laughter with their crazy antics to Center
192
===== PAGE 397 =====
Directory of Advertisers
Ford, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney, Safer & Hamptom, P.A. ־
Robert M. Morgan
Eliot J. Safer ...........144״
Freidlin, Al -
Watson Reality Corp ........106
G
Gate Petroleum Company ..36
Gay, W.W. ■
Mechanical Contractor, Inc. 132
George H. Hewell & Son
Funeral Home 63
Goldfield & Associates - fra E.
Goldfield, CLU, ChFC 64
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc. ...110
Greene - Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Curtis Hazel Inside Back Cover
Grenamyer, Liz Catering by 58
H
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 146
Hall’s ־ Ace
Hardware & Nurseries 110
Ham, Bob Eyewear 26
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries ....62
Hartman, Blitch &
GartsideCPA 36
Hazel, Curtis ־ Greene ־ Hazel &
Associates Inside Back Cover
Heirlooms ■ a culinary café
& market 26
Hewell, George H. and Son
Funeral Homes 63
Homewood Suites Hilton ־
St. Johns Town Center 128
Hyundai of Orange Park 1
I
Invitations By Raymond 150
Impressions 45
J
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group.. 1
Jacksonville Light Bulb
Delivery, Inc. 12
193
Citi Smith Barney ־
Jerald I.SeebolCFP 108
Claude Nolan Cadillac 124
Cohen, Raymond ־ Invitations ...150
CPT ־ Center for
Physical Therapy 112
Crown Trophy 148
Cruise Planners -
Sheree Spriggs 140
D
Dan Harris PhotoArt 48
Daniel LWohl, M.D., P.A.
Pediatric & Adolescent
Otolaryngology 144
Dave & Buster’s 50
DeLand Entertainment 51
Digger Capital Management, Inc.
Scott M. Balotin 34
DLC Dermatology & Laser Center
N. Fred Eaglstein D.O..P.A.......150
Doing Dishes 47
E
Eaglstein, Fred N., D.O..RA.
DLC Dermatology &
Laser Center 150
E.H. Thompson Company 146
Embassy Suites Hotel 118
Encore Events &
Entertainment 4126.״
Epping Forest Yacht Club 40
Evergreen Cemetry 83
Evolution ־ The Salon Source 102
F
Far East Brokers &
Consultants Inc 106
Farmers Market 2
Favorite Studios Photography 52
Fickling Brothers 154
First Coast Supply .20
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc 106
Florida Sound
Engineering Co., Inc 36
Florida Wilbert, Inc. 26
FOA Florida Oncology Associates ־
Jeffrey A. Bubis
DO.,F.A.C.O.I.,F.A.C.P. ...10
Football Fanatics ..142
A
AA Susies Limousine,Inc 152
Abramson, Mark L. M.D..P.A 106
Acura of Orange Park 1
Acuvision Fine Eyewear
Gallery 110
A Fantasy in Flowers 59
Afforable Water ...,.״ 26
AgriProcessors South 150
AIC American International
Communication, Inc. 34
Arby’s Restaurant ....110
Ardus Design Group 140
Ardus Event Productions 49
Ashford Services 146
A Social Affair - Production
& Entertainment 58
Assessment Technologies
Group ......134
Athens Cafe 114
Atlantic Security 108
Audi Jacksonville 1
Augustine Landing 120
B
BackYard Carnivals 136
Balloon Decorating Specialists 43
Balotin, Scott M. ■ Digger Capital
Management, Inc. 34
Bam Solar Power 140
Bartram Park Family
ENT .......״.״ Back Cover
Barzak, Rabbi Israel J. - Mohel 43
BDT Concepts, Inc 102
Berman Bros., Inc 36
Bistro Aix 14
Bloch Publishing Company 122
Blosam Constructors, Inc 26
Bob Ham Eyewear 26
Borland-Groover Clinic 28
Brandon Pest Control .150
Bubis, Jeffrey A.,
DO.,F.A.C.O.I.,F.A.C.P.
Florida Oncology Associates .... 10
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 102
C
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 12
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 58
Cathy’s Creations 47
===== PAGE 398 =====
Directory of Advertisers
j
J P Perry Insurance ־
Linda Weinstein 130
J&R Productions 52
Jaffe, Barbara G. -
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
Jaffe Rug Gallery .....154
Jason’s Tile & Flooring ....152
Jewish National Fund 24
Just Print It! 102
p
Terrell Hogan Ellis Yegelwel, P.A.
Evan J. Yegelwel
.110
Party City ־ The Discount
The Jaffe Group of Wachovia
Party Super Store
....58
Securities, LLC
Patten School Bus
Barbara G. Jaffe
Services, Inc
..140
Brad Zimmerman
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa.
..148
Sandy Zimmerman
.152
Peer's Lock & Safe
..106
The Ice Man
.108
Pontevedra Inn & Club
....40
The Jacksonville Bank
...36
Postal Annex+ -
The Lodge & Club
...40
Your Home Office
....26
The Loop Pizza Grill
...14
PRI Productions
54
The River Club
...40
Process Master, Inc
..102
Thompson, E.H. Company
.146
Publix Supermarkets
12
Tile Market OF San Marco
.154
Tumbling Kids
,104
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 6
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 154
Volkswagen of Orange Park 1
W
Wachovia Bank, NA 4
Waitz & Moye, Inc. 36
Wasserman, Marcia ־ Invitations ...51
Watson Plumbing ...84
Watson Realty ■ Al Freidlin 106
Weinstein, Linda -
J P Perry Insurance 130
Willamsburg
Travel Management 45
Windham Events & Design .56...״
Winn Dixie .״.«.......,...........i,i^t....8
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D., P.A. ־
Pediatric & Adolescent
Otolaryngology 144
Y
Yegelwel, Evan J. - Terrell Hogan Ellis
Yegelwel, P.A .......110.....״
Z
Zimmerman, Brad ־
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
Zimmerman, Sandy ־
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
R
Ramada Conference Center 148
Ramfis Photographic 46
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D. 102
Rogozinski
Orthopedic Clinic, RA 112
S
Safer, Eliot J. ־
Ford, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney, Safer &
Hampton RA. ...............144
Sandler, Graig W. D.V.M. -
Lakewood Animal Clinic 110
Sandler, Jeffrey M.D..FACS ־
Bartram Park Family ENT
I .....Back Cover
Seebol, Jerald I. -
Citi smith barney 108
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D
& Associates 104
Shorstein, Michael A. -
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys
At Law, P.A. ..*4^, 24
Southern Monument
Company Inc 60
Spivak’s, Mark Institute of Fine
Arts Dance Extention 104
Spriggs, Sheree ־
Cruise Planners 140
Stein Mart 114......״..״״
T
3 Sisters Chocolate 152
TCS-
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc 142
K
Kan-Ki Japanese Steakhouse
& Sushi Bar 138
Kaplan, Sheldon J., Ph.D
¿Associates 104
Kelly, Brian T. ־ Shorstein & Kelly
Attorney’s At Law, RA 24
Ken Godwin Studio
Photographic Art 55
Kirby Rental 58
Kuhn Flowers ! 44
L
Larry’s Giant Subs 84
La Tienda Jewelry 44
Lakewood Animal Clinic 110
L & L Limousine .....................53
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 152
Levine Orthodontics -
Mitchell R. Levine
Inside Front Cover
M
Marcia Wasserman - Invitations ....51
Mark Spivak’s - Institute of
Fine Arts Dance Extension 104
Margo’s Catering 42
Mattox, Tommy ־
Private Investor 110
Mediterrania Restaurant 36
Minuteman Press 156
Morris & Morris PA., CPA 114
Mount Carmel Gardens Inc 83
0
OlivY Twist Mobile Mixology 57
194
===== PAGE 399 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Candy - Confectionery
3 Sisters Chocolate 152
Carpet - Rugs - Service
JaffeRug Gallery 154
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Process Master Inc 102
Catering
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 58
Heirlooms - a culinary café
& market 26
Margo’s Catering 42
Cemeteries
Evergreen Cemetery 83
Ceramic Products - Decorative
Doing Dishes 47
Communications
AIC American International
Communications, Inc 34
Atlantic Security 108
Computer - Parts - Service ־
Software & Service
BDT Concepts, Inc. ........״ 102
Counseling
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D &
Associates 104
Dancing Instruction
A Social Affair ־ Production
& Entertainment 58
Mark Spivak’s Institute of
Fine Arts Dance Extension 104
Decorator Linens
Kirby Rental ..58..4:,״.״
Dentist
Harris L. Rittenberg D.M.D. 102
Levine Orthodontics -
Mitchell R. Levine
״^44;}״״^ ת,...Inside Front Cover
Drywall
Fickling Brothers ...154 ״,״ג
195
Automobile Dealers
Claude Nolan Cadillac 124
Jack Hanania’s Automotive Group... 1
Acura of Orange Park
Audi Jacksonville
Hyundai of Orange Park
Volkswagen of Orange Park
Award Products
Crown Trophy 148
Balloons - Novelty & Decorative
Balloon Decorating Specialists ....43
Cathy’s Creations 47
Party City -The Discount
Party Super Store 58
Banks
The Jacksonville Bank 36......״.*.״
Wachovia Bank, NA ......4
Bathroom Restoration
Ashford Services 146
Beauty Salons ־
Services ־ Supply
Evolution - The Salon Source 102
Hair Cuttery
Creative Hairdressers 146
Beverage Catering
Oliv’rTwist Mobile Mixology ...4.57;״
Birthday Party Inflatable Rentals
BackYard Carnivals ..136.״״.״...״
Builders ־ Construction ־
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors Inc 26
W.W. Gay Mechanical
Contractor, Inc 132
Burial Vaults
Florida Wilbert, Inc. 26
Business Consultants
Assessment
Technologies Group ..134
Calligraphers
Impressions 45
Accounting Services
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside CPA 36
Morris & Morris PA, CPA 114
Acoustical Contractor
Fickling Brothers 154
Adoption
Shorstein & Kelly ־ Attorney’s
At Law P.A 24
Air Conditioning -
Heating Commercial
TCS Total Comfort
Solutions, Inc 142
Apparel Children
Stein Mart 114
Apparel Men
Stein Mart 114
Apparel Women
Stein Mart 114
Appliance ־ Sales ־ Service
First Coast Supply 20
Architects ־ Planners
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc 106
Robert S. Fleet, AIA
Janis K. Fleet, AICP
Attorneys
Ford, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney Safer &
Hampton P.A 144
Eliot J. Safer
Robert M. Morgan
Shorstein & Kelly
Attorney At Law P.A 24
Brian T. Kelly
Michael A. Shorstein
Terrall Hogan Ellis
Yegelwel RA 110
Evan J. Yegelwel
Audio ־ Visual ־ Equipment
Renting & Leasing
PRI Productions 54
===== PAGE 400 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Hardware
Hall’s ־ Ace Hardware
& Nurseries I .110
Hotels
Embassy Suites Hotel 118
Homewood Suites Hilton ־
St. Johns Town Center 128
Ramada Conference Center 148
Human Resources
Assessment
Technologies Group 134
Ice & Ice Machines
The Ice Man .....108
Importing - General
Far East Brokers
& Consultants Inc. 106
Insurance
Goldfield & Associates 64
Ira E. Goldfield CLU,ChFC
Greene - Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Curtis Hazel .....Inside Back Cover
J P Perry Insurance .....130
Linda Weinstein
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc. 6
Arnold Vandroff
David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Investment Advisors
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc ....102
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen
Citi smith barney 108
Jerald I. Seebol CFP
Digger Capital
Management, Inc. 34
Scott M. Balotin
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovica Securities, LLC 152
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Invitations & Announcements
Impressions 45
Florists
A Fantasy in Flowers 59
Encore Events
& Entertainment .........126
Kuhn Flowers 44
Floor Maintenance ־ Restoration
Ashford Services 146
Food Service & Equipment
AgriProcessors South 150
E. H. Thompson Company 146
Fund Raisers - Services
Ardus Event Productions 49
BackYard Carnivals 136
Encore Events
& Entertainment 126
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell & Son
Funeral Homes ......״״״ 63
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
& Cemeteries 62
Gifts - Antiques - Specialty
3 Sisters Chocolate 152
Crown Trophy ..148 ....״
Football Fanatics ........142
Postal Annex+
Your Home Office 26
Glass ־ Automobile -
Plate - Window ־
Residential & Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 152
Golf Courses
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 40
Graphic Design
Raymond W. Cohen 150
Grocers
Publix Supermarkets 12
Winn Dixie 8
Gymnastics & Fitness
Tumbling Kids 104
Engineering ־ Planning &
Surveyors
Waitz & Moye, Inc. 36
Engraving
Crown Trophy 148
Entertainment
BackYard Carnivals 136
Dave & Busters 50
DeLand Entertainment 51
Encore Events & Entertainment ..126
J&R Productions 52
Event Planning
Backyard Carnivals 136
Balloon Decorating Specialists 43
Cathy’s Creations ...47
Dave & Busters 50
Encore Events
& Entertainment ...126״..״״
J&R Productions .״,f52.״
PRI Productions 54
Windham Events & Design 56
Financial Planning Consultants
Butensky & Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 102
Jan D. Butensky
Allen A. Cohen
Citi smith barney 108
Jerald I. Seebol CFP
Goldfield & Associates .....64
Ira E. Goldfield, CLUChFC
The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities, LLC 152
Barbara Gefen Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Financial Services Provider
Wachovia Bank, NA 4
Fine Jewelry
La Tienda Jewelry 44
Floor Covering
Ficking Brothers 154
196
===== PAGE 401 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Borland ־ Groover CIWc ...28
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffrey S. Hoffman, M.D.,Ph.D
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Mark L. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
Abhijit Roychowdhury, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Ana M. Corregidor, M.D.
Renard A. Rawls, M.D.
Anand H. Patel, M.D.
Vikram D. Gopal, M.D.
Daniel G. Kohm, M.D.
David M. Ferriss, M.D.
Hong T.Tek, M.D.
Harvey G. Phillips, M.D.
Ryan B. Gaible, M.D.
Augusto Lopez-Torrez, M.D.
Sherry B. Ellis, M.D.
Nassim Y. El Hajj, M.D.
James R. Kimberly, M.D.
B. Marie Reid, M.D.
Melinda P. Braswell, ARNP
Monica J. Cox, ARNP
Melody A. Perez,ARNP
Kristen L. Cerasi, PA-C
John Charles, PA-C
Melissa Emmerling, PA-C
Jennifer L. Santangelo, PA-C
Cathy A. Schan, PA-C
CPT - Center for
Physical Therapy 112
Sam Rogozinski
Monuments
Southern Monument
Company Inc. 60
National Organizations
Jewish National Fund .....24
Notary
Postal Annex+
Your Home Office 26
Nurseries ־ Plants
Hall’s ־ Ace
Hardware & Nurseries ....110
Opticians
Acuvision Fine
Eyewear Gallery 110
Bob Ham Eyewear 26
Party Inflatable Services
Backyard Carnivals ....136
Party Supplies
Party City -The Discount
Party Super Store 58
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 150
Petroleum - Retail & Wholesale
Gate Petroleum Company 36
Photo Booth
Dan Harris Photo Art 48
Photography
Dan Harris Photo Art 48
Favorite Studios Photography .52
J&R Productions 52
Ken Godwin Studio 55
Ramfis Photographic 46
Physicians - Psychologist ־
Counselors
Mark L. Abramson M.D., P.A.
Urology & Infertility ..................106
Bartram Park
Family ENT Back Cover
Jeffrey Sandler, M.D..FACS
Invitations & Announcements
Invitations By Raymond 150
Marcia Wasserman ............51
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store ,58
Judaic Publishers ־ Booksellers
Block Publishing Company .........122
Kosher Products
AgriProcessors South .......150
Publix Supermarkets .12
Winn Dixie 8
Light Bulbs & Tubes
Jacksonville Light Bulb
Delivery, Inc. .......12״......״״״'
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 152
L & L Limousine 53
Locks ־ Locksmith
Piner’s Lock & Safe 106
Mailbox Rental
Postal Annex-1■
Your Home Office 26
Medical - Dental Centers
Bartram Park
Family ENT Back Cover
Borland - Groover Clinic 28
CPT - Center For
Physical Therapy 112
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D..P.A 144
DLC Dermatology
& Laser Center 150
FOA Florida Oncology
Associates 10
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D. 102
Levine Orthodontics
Inside Front Cover
Rogozinski
Orthopedic Clinic P.A 112
Mirrors ־ Framed ־ Beveling
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc. 152
Mohel ־ Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 43
197
===== PAGE 402 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Sound Systems & Equipment
Florida Sound
Engineering Co., Inc 36
Sports Apparel ־ Gifts
Football Fanatics 142
Swimming Pool
Equipment & Supplies
Pinch־A־Penny
Pool-Patio-Spa 148
Tile Ceramic -
Contractors ־ Dealers
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Tile Market Of San Marco 154
Tile ־ Stone
Jason’s Tile & Flooring .152
Travel Agencies
Cruise Planners -
Sheree Spriggs 140
Williamsburg
Travel Management 45
Tub & Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 152
Video Production Services
J&R Productions 52
PRI Production 54
Veterianarians
Lakewood Animal Clinic 110
Craig W. Sandler, D.V.M.
Water Filters & Purifiers
Afforable Water 26
Wedding Consultant ־ Planning
Encore Events
& Entertainment 126
PRI Production 54
Windham Events & Design 56
Wood Flooring
Jason’s Tile & Flooring 152
Real Estate
Al Freidlin ■ Watson
Realty Corp 106
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc 110
Rental Services
Kirby Rental 58
Restaurants - Cafe’s
Arby’s 2״ 110.......
Athens Cafe 114
Bistro AIX 14
Dave & Buster’s 50
Heirlooms ■ a culinary café
& market ........ .26
Kan-Ki Japanese
Steakhouse & Sushi Bar 138
Larry’s Gaint Subs 84
Mediterrania Restaurant 36
The Loop Pizza Grill 14
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 154
Restaurant Equipment
& Supplies
E.H. Thompson Co.¡¡|| 146
Retirement Living
Augustine Landing 120
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 12
Mount Carmel Gardens 83
Rug Dealers
Jaffe Rug Gallery 154
Safes ■ Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Sáfe 106
School Bus Rental
Patten Bus Services, Inc 140
Scrap Iron ־ Metal Dealer
Berman Bros., Inc 36
Security - Control Equipment
Systems ־ Monitoring
Atlantic Security 108
Solar Power
Bam Solar Power 140
Daniel LWohl, M.D. 144
Pediatric & Adolescent
Otoloryngology
DLC Dermatology &
Laser Center 150
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O.,P A
Dale R. Charneco, M.D.
Angela Y. Armstrong, ARNP
FOA Florida Oncology
Associates ...10
Jeffrey A. Bubis,
DO.,F.A.C.O.I.,F.A.C.P.
Sheldon J. Kaplan,Ph.D
& Associates ....104
Sheldon J. Kaplan, Ph.D
Rogozinski Orthopedic
Clinic, P. A 112
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 36
Plaques
Crown Trophy 148
Plumbing - Contractors
Watson Plumbing .84
Printers
Just Print It 102
Minuteman Press 156
Postal Annex+
Your Home Office 26
Private Clubs
Epping Forest Yacht Club 40
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 40
The Lodge & Inn ....40
The River Club 40
Private Investor
Tommy Mattox | 110
Produce
Farmers Market 2
Promotional ־ Fundraising Items
Crown Trophy 148
Minuteman Press 156
198
===== PAGE 403 =====
Take the Guesswork
Out of Insurance!
Working Locally, Thinking Globally״
GREENEHAZEl
===== PAGE 404 =====
AN EAR, NOSE & THROAT PRACTICE FOCUSED ON YOUR ENTIRE
• Board Certified Ears, Nose &
Throat, Head & Neck Surgery,?
Facial & Reconstructive Plastic
Surgery
• Treating Children & Adults
• 20+ Years Experience
• Minimally Invasive Sinus Surgery
• Head & Neck Cancer Evaluation
• Sleep Apnea / Snoring
• Hearing Evaluation & Hearing Aids
Bartram Park Family ENT
is an Exclusive Provider of
LYRIC HEARING
100% invisible
24/7 wear (up to 110 days);,
Wear it while you shower & sleep
No battery needed!
Bartram Park Family ENT
For appointments please call
904-446-9191
JEFFREY SANDLER, M.D., FACS
13241 BortrtmvPark; Blyd.¿,Suite 801
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
(Near the Kohl's/Publix Shopping (Renter, OI?I St. Augustine Kd. West of ;1׳ (95־
**www• jaxfamilyent.com
