Yearbook Dedication
Jacksonville’s Mrs. Shorstein
There are certain people whose spirit on earth
exemplifies all the best in humanity - their special quality
is so pervasive that everyone, who knows them, loves
them. Sylvia had this quality. We loved her very much.
How fortunate we were to have experienced her friend¬
ship for nearly forty years, and how fortunate we all are
Sylvia and Jacket U ofF Spring
Frolics ‘51.
The Family
Sylvia Harris met her future husband Jack
Shorstein at the TEP House at the University
of Florida. Their marriage of forty-two years
forged bonds of mutual interests from
politics and religion to family and community
involvement Sylvia created a fitting and
Jewishly warm home environment in which
she raised three fine sons, Mark, Michael
and Neal, who have made their own impact
in the life of our congregation. They were a
constant source of nachas for her and in turn
are very proud of her many accomplish¬
ments. She enjoyed a special relationship
with Beth and Robin and derived great
pleasure from her grandchildren, who were
the light of her life.
Leader with a Heart
Through the years, Sylvia served in many
capacities at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
and in the community. Her first commitment
began with Center Sisterhood. She served
as Fund Raising Vice-President, Program
to share the legacy of her commitment to her family, her
friends, her community, and her God. What strength she
always displayed not thinking of herself, but always of
others. We treasure every memory we shared with Sylvia.
It is these memories which help soften our sadness.
Senator Bob Graham wrote those words of
condolence to the family of Sylvia Harris Shorstein.
Sylvia, Sybil Ansbacher
and Isabel Balotin pose
with the Balalaika
musical group.
Sylvia with other Sisterhood Board Members in
1969. Left to right: Sheila Jacobson, Sylvia
Shorstein, Faye Kaufman, Sybil Ansbacher,
Phyllis Portnoy, Julie Halpem, Horty Gendzier
and Mrs. Bernard Kessler.
Governor Lawton Chiles and
Senator Bob Graham, dear
friends of Sylvia Shorstein.
Sylvia and Jack on their
wedding day 42 years ago.
The Shorstein clan celebrates Always the perfect
Bess Shorstein’s birthday. hostess.
Chairman, Torah Fund Chairman and the
official buyer for the Sisterhood Judaica
Jack’s Woman of Valor
Political Mayen
Shop. Active on the Center Board, Sylvia
was consistently generous with her time and
talents. Her warmth and friendship was a
huge asset during her service on the Center’s
Membership Committee. From co-chairing a
Raffle Roast to lending her good taste to
the Interior Design Committee, Sylvia’s
excellent sense of beauty, culture and ability
to organize were used to their greatest ad¬
vantage at the Center. She recognized that
the touch-stone of civilization was the
reverence with which we treat education. Her
interest in Jewish education led her to be one
of the driving forces behind the establishment
of The Foundation School, which later be¬
came The Solomon Schechter Day School.
Through her love of music, Sylvia, along with
her friend Sybil Ansbacher, initiated and
chaired the Center’s Performing Artist Series.
In 1979, Sylvia was honored on Simhat
Torah as a Woman of Valor after twenty
years of outstanding service to the Center.
In addition to her many achievements, she
was of great help to her husband Jack
during the many years of his involvement in
congregational leadership and was most
helpful during the time that he served as
President of the Center. Sylvia loved her
family and drew on family strength for her
own strength. In 1994, during the ceremony
when Hadassah honored Sylvia with its own
Ayshet Hayyil, a “Woman of Valor” award,
Jack spoke of Sylvia in a tender speech,”
Sylvia always set a standard for us - setting
high goals - and then encouraging us and
giving the necessary support to achieve
them.”
During her life, Sylvia’s concerns and
interests in the community led her down
many avenues. She became a taxpayer
service representative for the Internal
Revenue Service, and then an administrator
and paralegal specialist in the office of State
Attorney Ed Austin. She served on the
Florida Board of Medicine. On one occasion
during her tenure, Sylvia was named vice-
chairman for one day and signed her son
Neal’s license to practice medicine. She was
a board member of former Governor Bob
Graham’s Commission on the Status of
Women and chaired the Florida Women’s
Hall of Fame. She was a member of the
Federal Judicial Nominating Commission
for Florida which interviews and nominates
U.S. District Court Judges, U.S. Attorneys
and U.S. Marshalls.
