Energy, Tenacity and Love
Her ever-supportive husband Jack explains
affectionately, “Sylvia had that rare ability to
recognize a need and to organize a successful
solution with intelligence and good humor.
Her personal motto and driving force for
herself and her family was ‘Just do it!’ ” Not
only did Sylvia encourage everyone else to
‘Just do it!’, she lived by her own motto.
Sylvia’s appetite for history swept her into
the excitement of research for the Jewish
Museum of Florida, MOSAIC, where she
was an officer and a member of the Board
of Directors. Museum president Norman M.
Giller recognized in Sylvia her integral role
in documenting the Jacksonville’s traveling
Jewish History exhibit. Executive Director
Marcia Zerivitz stated at Sylvia’s death that
“her memory will live on at the Jewish
Museum of Florida because so much of our
collection is a result of her energy, intellect,
tenacity and love.” In conjunction with her
work on MOSAIC, Sylvia began organizing
a tremendous ongoing project, the Center
Archives.
Passion for Life
Sylvia’s unconditional love of life, her
passion for each day’s existence and the joy
she received from her family helped her to
emerge victorious in the face of ailing health.
Victorious, because she never allowed the
conditions of her health to overcome her. Her
character and dignity were never altered by
pain or self-pity. Sylvia lived life to the
fullest, giving continuously of herself and
seldom willing to accept accolades or fanfare
for her life’s work, which was to Sylvia, just
plain living. A woman of tremendous energy,
her hobbies were really a series of meaning¬
ful jobs, serious commitments, impacting
everything from music and art, to children
and adults, the rich as well as the needy.
The Shorstein Family has established The
Sylvia Shorstein Scholarship Endowment
Fund to honor her memory by providing
financial aid to deserving students at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Yearbook Dedication
This edition of The Center Yearbook
is dedicated with love and gratitude
to Sylvia H. Shorstein for her
unselfish efforts and constant
devotion to the ideals and mission of
The Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Sylvia and Jack visit Juneau,
Alaska library.
Mark and mom
relax at Camp
Ramah.
Jack’s installation as Center President in 1972.
Sylvia and the men in
her life. Left to right:
Mark, Michael, Jack
and Neal.
Library Board of Trustees for eleven
years and was its chairperson. She was
also on the Florida State Library
Council for eleven years and was Trustee and
Friends Caucus Chairperson for the Florida
Library Association. As a director on the
National Urban Libraries Council for eight
years, she served with a distinguished group of
nationally recognized scholars. Through the
contacts that she made while serving on these
boards and during her visits to libraries in other
cities, she got new ideas to bring to our local
libraries. She organized the first system-wide
volunteer program when our libraries were
facing reduced city funding and possible shorter
hours of operation or closures. She also co¬
founded the Jacksonville Public Library
Foundation on which she served as an officer
from its inception and she initiated the highly
successful “A Night of Literary Feasts” which
was the principal fundraising event of the
Library Foundation and which brought
nationally acclaimed authors to Jacksonville.
Knowing Sylvia’s love of books, Lawton and
Rhea Chiles placed a rare 1926 edition book
entitled Florida Wild Flowers by Frances Baker
in the Florida Governor’s Mansion Library in
her memory.
Sylvia’s pride and
joy, her family, (not
pictured - Neal)
Sylvia loved the natural
beauty of our country.
In memory of Sylvia and to honor her
leadership and passion for achievement,
Sylvia> the 1996 Leadership Jacksonville Class
Hillary is dedicated to her.
Clinton and
BboHaie Interesting People
‘92 Orlando Always fascinated with people, Sylvia
Democratic A , . H I. . .
Caucus. was spontaneous and persistent in gaming
interviews with many distin¬
guished, colorful people whom
she and Jack met. Among those
were Mrs. Abba Eban, Golda
Meir, Ellen Goodman and
Leonard Bernstein. Seizing all
opportunities to savor life and to
meet people, Sylvia’s zest endeared her to
many famous and influential people, locally
and around the world.
Love of Libraries
Sylvia’s love of libraries led her
to serve with distinction on local,
state and national library boards. Sylvia and Jack
She served on the Jacksonville j visit Hyde Park
library.
