Message From
Rabbi
Dov Kentof
“An ignorant person cannot be
pious; one who is bashful cannot
learn (afraid or ashamed to ask);
he who is irritable and impatient
cannot teach” (Avot 2)
Q
W-7 tudy and learning have always been the
cornerstone of Judaism. When the Children
of Israel accepted the Torah at Sinai, it was
given to them only when they called out,
Na’aseh v’nishma, “we shall do and we shall
understand.” Since that momentous event,
knowing and understanding have been cen¬
tral to Jewish living.
Beginning with that “book”, the Torah, the
history of the Jews can be traced through
the written word - the Bible, the Talmud,
the prayer book (Siddur), the commentar¬
ies of Maimonides and Rashi, the Shulchan
Aruch and the Zohar, to name just a few.
In order to understand the relevance of Ju¬
daism, it is important to study the available
literature all through our lives. The sages
understood this as evidenced when they said
“He who does not increase his knowledge,
decreases it” (Avot 1).
The Supplemental Schools of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center represent the
principles and ideology of the Conservative
Movement. Conservative Judaism accepts
the importance of the classical ideals of
Torah and Mitzvot. Although much attention
is paid to teaching tradition, the need for
our students to make a place for themselves
in the modern world is not overlooked.
Equipping our children to come to terms
with this tension between tradition and
change is the major challenge facing our
schools.
As we approach the new year, we are about
to dedicate the various hallways, rooms,
and gardens of our synagogue building to
those who made it possible for us to have
this beautiful facility. Jewish people have
always valued their synagogues as houses
of learning as well as worship and fellow¬
ship. Let us dedicate ourselves to filling
our synagogue with the sounds of children
studying Torah and the voices of parents
with their children coming together to pray
and socialize together. May this year bring
a renewal of our commitment to dedicate
our lives to Torah, Synagogue and Family.
For our part, we have hired the finest staff
and will provide them with the most up-to-
date curriculum material so that our students
will be offered the most challenging courses
and activities. We strive to create a well-
rounded individual who is comfortable and
proud of his/her Jewishness.
With this in mind, we would like to en¬
courage every parent of Afternoon Hebrew,
Hebrew High or Sunday School aged chil¬
dren to take part in our educational and
youth programs. Call or come by the office
if you would like additional information.
We challenge the family unit as a whole
by offering many activities in which the
whole family must participate, bringing the
spirit of Judaism into the home and involv¬
ing all our synagogue families in the
education experience.
The Torah tells us: “He who toils in Torah
needs no sacrifice to atone for his sins, for
Torah is more valuable than sacrifice.”
Zohar, iii, 35a.
On behalf of Alina and myself, let me wish
you and your family a very Happy New
Year!
Rabbi Dov Kentof
Director of Education & Youth
