President’s
Message
D uring this year of dedication, I have
taken a long look at the Jacksonville Jew¬
ish Center’s leaders and the volunteers who
give of themselves each day, many who
have been doing so for as long as I can
remember. All of the time and energy each
of you give on behalf of the Center is ap¬
preciated and vital to its existence. We
are fortunate to have the resources and talent
of many new members as well, both pro¬
fessional and lay, who volunteer their
services to benefit the Center.
As I review the past year, I am filled with
a sense of fulfillment and pride for all that
we as a synagogue have accomplished in
the Jewish community. Innovative programs
for youth, singles and adult education keep
our members actively involved which
clearly insures the future of Judaism. I
deeply believe that a thriving, solvent syna¬
gogue requires all of our efforts. It takes a
unique combination of people to maintain
a vital synagogue that functions almost to¬
tally for the benefit of the Jewish
community. The only formula for our suc-
Stuart Hecht
President
cess will continue to be your support, com¬
mitment and inner drive to perpetuate
Judaism.
As my third year of being Center Presi¬
dent unfolds, I realize in retrospect that
our greatest successes have come from
overcoming our obstacles. Someone once
said, “Success is a journey, not a desti¬
nation.” The Jewish people’s journey
throughout history has been saturated with
pitfalls, roadblocks and more serious blows
than any other group, only to see them
emerge victorious and strong.
The Center’s most difficult and less tan¬
gible goal is maintaining the synagogue
Message From
Cantor
Joel Fox
Q
Wj halom ya’ll. I wish each and
every one of you a healthy and
happy new year.
Singing each Shabbat in the
synagogue is such a pleasure for
me. You have all made me feel
like part of your families. I really
appreciate your warmth and
acceptance.
It’s been my privilege to work
with your sons and daughters,
preparing them for their Bar &
Bat Mitzvahs. I always learn
something from them too. They
have all been terrific.
financially. Forever evolving, our ideas of
two years ago may not meet our needs for
tomorrow. Understanding and implement¬
ing change has proven to be the more
challenging and fulfilling of my duties as
President. Protecting the beauty and order
of our Center facility is an ongoing project,
both mentally and physically, on the part
of many committees, dedicated members and
loyal staff. As in the past, building and main¬
taining a synagogue for daily prayer must
always be the first order of business for
the Jewish people.
My warmest thanks to all of the leaders
and volunteer committees for the input and
support I have received for the past two
years.
This year let all of us redouble our efforts
to appreciate and inspire each other in our
commitment to the Jacksonville Jewish Cen¬
ter and all that it stands for in our lives.
Be a part physically, emotionally and spiri¬
tually until “belonging” becomes second
nature. The rewards will astound you.
Madeline, Elizabeth, Allison and Stephanie
join me in wishing all of you a very happy
and healthy year.
Cantor Joel Fox
As I move into the second half of
my third year in Jacksonville, I’m
also just returning from my third
Whitewater rafting trip with Rabbi
Kentof. It’s truly an unbelievable
spiritual experience. I enjoyed every
moment of these fabulous trips and
treasure all the special friendships
I’ve made.
May you all be inscribed in the
Book of Life for a year of health,
peace and tranquility.
L’Shanah Tovah Tikatavu
