Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Shabbat
Greeters
Torah Readers
Ushers
Shabbat Ushers
David Goldring, Chairman
'very Shabbat our dedicated ushers
greet newcomers and visitors and welcome
them to our worship service. These friendly,
volunteer members serve as ambassadors to Center
congregants, helping with seating, guiding and
acknowledging newcomers, and welcoming regular
worshippers. Each week, the ushers help to maintain
synagogue decorum which preserves the beauty of
the service for all of us. We thank the ushers and
their volunteers for their efforts throughout the year.
i6C
habbat Shalom” has been the greeting by many
of our members who have volunteered to be greeters
on Shabbat mornings. Coordinating friendly
volunteers to greet visitors and newcomers and
welcome us to services has been accomplished by
the dedicated efforts of Martha Savage. We invite
all members to join us as Shabbat Greeters in the
coming year
The Ushers are: Fred Alterman, Stuart
Appelbaum, Sidney Backer, Brian Benwick, Fred
Blum, Bruce Glassman, Ira Grann, George
Rubens, Josh Rubens, Leonard Saraga, Barry
Schuster, Ken Solomon, Steve Solomon, Tom
Spriggs, Joshua Whitman and Evan Yegelwel.
Torah Readers
Ted Gross, Coordinator
reece in its early
history produced one
of the world’s greatest
cultures. But its gods
lived and quarrelled
like human beings. Is¬
rael also produced a
great culture. But its
God was removed from
human failings. People
who contribute to the regular reading of the Torah
attest to the teachings of true religion, the standards
set by our prophets: to do justly, mercifully and
walk humbly with God.
We thank our highly-qualified readers and
those who joined the team during the past year:
Dr. Neil Abramson, Brian Benwick, Larry Bernard,
Jack Bettman, Fred Blum, Raymond Cohen, Moti Demri,
Etta Drashin, Rachel Finck, Seth Finck, Adam Frisch,
Daniel Frisch, Mark Frisch, Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein, Ellen
Goldstein, Ira Grann, Eric Goldberg, Lane Goldberg,
Bruce Horovitz, Lenny Maiman, Dr. David Mizrahi,
Jeffery Morris, David Moskovitz, David Organes, Ken
Organes, Herb Plotkin, Dr. Marco Rand, Morrie Osterer,
Joshua Rubens, Matthew Safer, Judge Jack Schemer,
Michael Schneider, Joseph Shacter, Bobby Shenkman,
Daniel Shorstein and Jack Silverman.
T
A he prayerbooks at the Center get
tender loving care from William Rose.
He is that very commited and dedicated
Valued
Volunteer
William Rose
person behind the scenes who makes
sure that the book pockets in the
sanctuary are filled and that all other
prayerbooks are stored properly.
Besides tracking our prayerbook
inventory, William helps to store
and distribute thousands of holiday
books and programs. He also
oversees the high holiday setup
and distribution of the books and
programs.
Because of his special love for the
synagogue , William comes to the
Center every Friday to make sure
everything is ready for the
weekend. We are so grateful that
William decided to spend some of
his retirement time as a volunteer
for the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
