Endowments
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is very grateful to the many families who have established endowments
as perpetual memorials to their loved ones.
In order to perpetuate the magic that
llene Selevan brought to all our lives
and the Jewish community, the Selevan
Family has established an endowment
fund to benefit the Solomon Schechter
Day School in her honor. The interest
from the fund will be used to enhance
the Center’s educational programs and
at the same time uphold the ideals llene
Selevan so passionately supported.
Jakob Rogozinski was a man whose
outstanding involvement as a citizen of
Jacksonville and the Jewish community was
only surpassed by his devotion to his wife,
children and grandchildren. A great source
of wisdom and strength, Jakob strove to instill
his love of Judaism and family values in a
fundamentally Jewish way - teaching by
example...living his beliefs. His life was
immersed with Jewish tradition. He suffered
tragically in the Holocaust and survived, met
and married his wife in Germany and spent
many years living in Israel. His mere
Ilene Sari Selevan
Endowment Fund
Hearts do not heal, nor do losses
become anything other than losses. Life,
on the other hand, goes on in a
comforting circular manner. If tributes
are made continually to llene’s name
for every child educated at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, then our
sorrow can in a grand way be helping
that to which Ilene so fervently
dedicated her life. Willard Kennedy,
SSDS Principal, has the utmost respect
and awe for Ilene’s efforts and tenacity
when it came to the Day School. “She
is truly responsible for our having a
second Kindergarten class here. Ilene
would ‘work a room’ at preschool
gatherings actually recruiting children
for the next school year. Then she
would tell me - go and get ‘em, they’re
Jakob Rogozinski
Endowment Fund
existence reads like an epic novel of
strength, spirit, survival and ultimately joy.
Where his grandchildren were concerned,
Jakob was an active contributor of his time
and energy, no matter what the cause or
occasion. Jakob’s third son, Sam, recalled
that his father was “very active with the
grandchildren, collecting newspapers and
cans for school drives, attending all of their
school functions and shows.” Showing his
continual support was Jakob’s way of
enjoying his grandchildren, insuring that
he was a part of their lives and they a part
of his.
Jakob’s death is not the final chapter of an
epic novel spanning three generations.
Jakob’s devoted wife, Ella, sons, Dr. Chaim
Rogozinski, Dr. Abe Rogozinski and Sam
Rogozinski and their families have chosen
to continue his pursuit for Jewish ideals
by establishing The Jakob Rogozinski
Endowment Fund to benefit the Center’s
all yours”. Mr. Kennedy applauded her
steady involvement in the Day School
PTA and her active role in the preschool
as well. Ilene Selevan was a model for
every parent, mother and wife and
daughter; devoted to her children,
husband and family; a whirlwind of
support for the Solomon Schechter Day
School. The Ilene Sari Selevan
Endowment Fund is a beacon for all
who believe in perpetuating her vision,
her life’s work...her magic.
To pay tribute to Ilene Selevan’s
memory, contributions can now be
made to this endowment fund through
the Center office. The donations will
be printed in the Center bulletin with
our other funds and acknowledged in
a timely manner.
Our sincere appreciation to the Selevan
family for this very fitting tribute.
Educational programs . The Center has
received an outpouring of support in the
form of donations in commemoration of
Jakob Rogozinski. Response from the Jewish
community has been huge but only second
to that of the community-at-large. Jakob
touched many lives through his works at
the medical office of his sons and being
visibly active in the community. When asked
how long his father was a member of the
Center, Sam Rogozinski replied with a smile
in his voice, “as soon as he got off the
boat,” demonstrating his father’s strong
attachment to Judaism and belief in
establishing Jewish roots. Jakob’s story will
remain in the hearts of his family, his life
being a constant source of strength in their
lives. The Jakob Rogozinski Endowment
Fund has been established appropriately as
a touchstone for all who aspire to instill
Judaism, family values and finally, to pass
on that spirit and vision to future
generations.
Our most heartfelt regards to the Rogozinski
Family for sharing their most precious
treasure, Jakob’s memory.
