Camp Ramah
Many Campers bound for Camp
Ramah in New England 1995
Summer
Programs
For
Jewish Youth
he Jacksonville Jewish Center is very fortunate to have a large representation
of youngsters participating in the Camp Ramah program in New England.
Ramah, an arm of the Conservative Movement, offers a wonderful summer
opportunity for informal enrichment and meaningful education. Those attending
this summer are listed below:
Hope Axelrod, Ivy Epstein, Tiffany Gartner, Rachel Gerber, Jeffery
Glassman, Cara Goldberg, Ellen Goldstein, Renee Grann, Ari Haas, Jennie
Marks, Josh Marks, Jill Millstone, Barrett Mooney, Aliza Morris, Shira
Morris, Jessica Osterer, Melissa Osterer, Natalie Osterer, Lisa Rand, Avi
Richman, Amy Schuster, Daniel Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Aron Smolley,
Ben Smolley, Jonathan Tannen, Sam Tannen, Alex Whitman, Esther
Yegelwel, Alison Zisser, Jacob Zoske.
Our thanks to the families and organizations which provide Ramah Scholarships:
Center Sisterhood, Abe Selber Trust Fund, Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah
Fund and Robert Gordon Scholarship Fund.
II$V ISRAEL
PILGRIMAGE
his is a unique opportunity for young
people ages 15 to 18 to visit Israel.
Based in Jerusalem each of our groups
travels the country experiencing their Jewish heritage. Some of the
highlights of the trip are the JNF forest project, lectures by outstand¬
ing personalities and the Tzedakah Awareness program. In addition to
spending a delightful summer with their Israeli peers, our Pilgrims
also develop lifelong friendships with their traveling companions through¬
out the United States and Canada. An additional tour of Poland was
included in an Israel/Poland Pilgrimage. Center USYers who partici¬
pated this year were: Mathew Safer & Elizabeth Sekine.
LTI Leadership Training Institute
Summer Encampment 1995
WJ ummers are topped off with a unique
experience at Camp Blue Star for one
week during the month of August.
Teenagers from 7th grade and up are
encouraged to take the opportunity to
participate in this program which
includes informal classes and discussion groups, cultural activities
and special evening activities in addition to a full range of camp
sports and social activities. The camp provides two unique programs:
1) Kadima, grade 7 & 8 and 2) USY, grade 9 through 12. Those
attending were: Seth Bloom, Eli Fleet, Liza Furman, Eric Goldberg,
Josh Kornblum, Fred Marks, Sherry Marks, Katie Marshall, Lauren
Marshall and Joshua Rubens.
%
ESMAN ARTS
Quality, Quantity, Reliability
Art Gallery - Framer
Amy Cohen
2104 Universty Blvd. West
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
(904) 737-2511
Best Wishes for a
Happy and Healthy New Year
Edward, Millie,
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
MiUie K. Tannen,
D.D.S.
3810-5 Williamsburg Park Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 733-3360
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
