X arents and
Schools - what
is it that we re¬
ally need from
each other?
Pick up a
newspaper or
magazine; click
on a news pro¬
gram; listen to a
conversation
among parents
of school age
children. The
chances are
great that you
will read or hear something related to rearing
children in today’s climate.
Parenting is more difficult today. Parents are
feeling more stress from more sources than
ever before, and are having to combat an in¬
creasingly violent culture. We worry about our
children’s physical safety, but also about the
onslaught to their minds and hearts.
Ellen Goodman, the columnist, recently wrote
an article about today’s counter culture. Not the
kind you may imagine; not destroying values,
but building them. What she stated was that
parents today must be successful in “counter¬
ing the culture.” In her words, “Parents see
Solomon
SCHECHTER
Day School
themselves in a struggle for the hearts and
minds of their children. It is not that they can’t
say no; it is that there is so much more to say no
to. Parents are expected to protect their chil¬
dren from an increasingly hostile environment.”
So, what do parents need? They need our sup¬
port, a safe environment, confidence, respect
and trust.
Schooling is more difficult today for some of
the same reasons. Change is always disquiet¬
ing, it is the pace of change that is different
today. There is less time to absorb, evaluate, or
adjust to the changes rapidly taking place. Com¬
munication is instantaneous, technology races
ahead hour by hour. Yet, the call is to provide
an education which will prepare each child to
be thoughtful, well-informed, life-long learn¬
ers with inquiring minds who know the value of
service and of respect.
Your child’s teacher is also a member of the
“counter culture,” striving daily to provide posi¬
tive values, to nurture intellectual curiosity, to
plan a balanced academic program which will
provide strength in all the necessary skills for
educational growth.
We, your school’s staff, must also counter
negative messages often endorsed by society.
Accepting responsibility for one’s own behav¬
ior is not a popular theme these days. Belittling
others as a way of enhancing oneself is too
often the model. Avoiding hard work, accept¬
ing “good enough”, and using appropriate
language are other examples of current societal
messages which we join parents in trying to
counter and rebut. So, what does our school
need? We need your confidence, support, re¬
spect and trust.
We each have a passion for our children. We
each call upon the respect and trust of the other.
Solomon Schechter parents and school form a
partnership enabling students to grow, learn,
excel. The school has the power to have an
impact on students in many positive ways. We
also have an obligation and responsibility to
continue to strengthen our role in education.
Our families and friends commit their time,
energy and resources in support of our school.
They speak with a positive voice about the
school, at home and in the community. This is
a powerful endorsement of what we offer. We
need this support.
We each share a passion - your child. We need
and must have each others trust.
Evelyn Borstein
School Secretary
Willard Kennedy
Principal
