Junior Troop 5 has had a busy and
exciting year. Nineteen girls partici¬
pated in badge activities and service
projects while having fun and learn¬
ing new skills. The Small Craft badge
was earned by learning to canoe or
windsurf during a weekend camping
trip to Kateri in Orange Springs.
Courses were completed by:
Basic Canoeing: Crista Cohen, Dena
Ginsberg, Jessie Lipsky and Ashley
Torres.
Basic Windsurfing: Sara Bodack,
Rachel Gerber, Laney Cohen, Lily
Lozovsky, Lisa Rand, Rebecca
Shorstein and Dori Bloom.
Completion of the “Sign of the Sun”
was our goal this year. The troop earned
Girl
Scout
Junior
Troop 5
the Health and Fitness, First Aid, Hiker,
and Outdoor Creativity badges towards
the sign and held a “Noisy Olympics”
for Brownies at the end of the Girl Scout
year. Girls also worked on badges on
their own depending on their interests.
Two Girl Scouts were selected after suc¬
cessful interviews to participate in a
Council-wide event in St. Augustine.
After extensive training and helping
make authentic 1700’s outfits, they
camped in and conducted tours and
demonstrations in the Historic District.
Congratulations to Lisa Rand and
Crista Cohen!
Four girls bridged to Cadettes - the next
level in Girl Scouting during the final
Court of Awards: Sara Bodack, Crista
Cohen, Jessie Lipsky and Lisa Rand.
Five girls bridged into Juniors from
Brownie Troop 40 and 882: Danielle
Dollar, Alison Jernigan, Emmy
Lipsky, Debbie Shacter and Nicole
Rubin.
If you are interested in Girl Scouts at
any age level, please call Jan Lipsky
at 268-7225. Junior Girl Scouts are in
grades 4-6 and do not have to have
Brownie experience!
(Standing L to R) Jessie Lipsky, Sara Bodack, Crista
Cohen and Cookie Mom Jeryl Bodack surprise the troop’s
leader at an outdoor ceremony in the Pavilion.
Crista Cohen greets visitors at the entrance to the Spanish
Quarter in the Historic District in St. Augustine.
Lisa Rand learns new woodworking skills while repre¬
senting a young girl in St. Augustine in the 1700’s.
Lisa Rand, dressed in authentic uniform of the
1700’s St. Augustine, works in the historic district.
(L-R) Lily Lozovsky, Julie Lozovsky and Dori Bloom
learn about flowers while making window boxes.
