Diamond Anniversary Banquet
Troop 14 is for boys ages 11 to 17. For more information, call
Randy Silverberg at 398-0038 (day) or 733-6649 (evening).
The annual Blue & Gold Banquet enabled the scouts to join Cub
Pack 14 for an evening of fun, entertainment and recognition.
Boys and girls from all the scout groups sponsored by the Center
led services on Scout Sabbath.
The boys remained true to the ideal of service to others. The Troop
served residents of Mt. Carmel a Thanksgiving Day meal, and
enjoyed visiting the senior residents. The boys helped kosher the
Center kitchen for Passover. The scouts collected food for the
needy, and performed various other service projects.
The outdoor program included weekend campouts to: Fort Clinch
State Park for the rigorous 15-mile historic trail hike; Osceola
National Forest for the lifelike reenactment of the Battle of
Olustee, the major Civil War encounter in Florida; Hanna Park
to camp beside the Atlantic Ocean; Scout World with thou¬
sands of other area scouts; and local scout camps, Echockotee
and Shands.
Personal advancement in scouting was a major emphasis in 1994-
95. All scouts made significant strides toward the Eagle rank. Leading
the way were Eric Moemke and Aaron Finck who earned an as¬
tounding 60 merit badges between them last year.
The Troop’s adult leadership is in the best condition in many years.
Randy Silverberg is in his 17th year as scoutmaster. He is ably
supported by experienced assistants, Steve Solomon and Bill
Wilensky. The addition of Kathy Moemke and Stella Finck pro¬
vided a tremendous boost. Bob Fleet and Jim Richman are ex¬
pected to be valuable new leaders. Dan Wilensky chairs the Troop
Committee of Debbie Jackrel, Charles Trager, Harry Peltz, Ann
DePaul and Leon Yergin.
For the first time in Troop history, our scouts attended scout
summer camp in 5 different states, Nebraska, Utah, New Jer¬
sey, North Carolina and Florida. Activities included whitewater
rafting, mountain climbing, boating, fishing and archery. In
Utah, scouts Eric Moemke, Aaron Finck, and C. J. Dulberger
camped amidst snow at elevations of 10,300 feet. The 10 scouts
who attended Camp Daniel Boone in North Carolina learned
why a gas mask is useful at camp. The scouts enjoyed their
summer experiences, and earned a booty of advancement badges.
he 1994-95 year saw a surge of enthusiasm in
Boy Scout Troop 14 as the Troop turned 75 years
old. The highlight, in a year filled with highlights,
was the Diamond Anniversary banquet and gala.
The boys of Troop 14 experienced the fun and adventure of scouting
in a number of venues this past year.
A contingent of scouts and leaders visited the Scout High Adventure
Sea Base at Islamorado in the Florida Keys for a weekend adventure.
The scouts snorkeled over beautiful coral reefs teeming with colorful
sea life in the crystal clear subtropical waters.
Boy Scout
Troop 14
Eli Fleet was selected Sr. Pa¬
trol Leader, and showed the
trust placed in him was well
deserved. Patrol leaders Aaron
Finck, Eric Bull, and Avi Richman assisted
by Jared Fleet, Eric Moemke and Brian Parfitt
provided superb leadership. Asher Trager
served ably as Troop Guide. Five-year-old
Arnie Silverberg, assisted by little sister Alex, was troop mascot.
Troop 14 welcomed 13 new members, Michael Gartner, Justin
Jackrel, Eric Moemke, C.J. Dulberger, Aaron Finck, Ben Smolley,
Jared Fleet, Avi Richman, Jonathan Tannen, Martin Birnbaum,
David Harrington, Travis Jernigan, and Michael Demri.
