Two of the charter members of Troop 14, David Safer and Max
Foor, rose to a thunderous applause in recognition of their pioneering
efforts. Mr. Safer used the opportunity to tell the attentive audience
about scouting in 1919.
Members of the Rattlesnake Patrol of the mid-1950’s, Byron Kolitz,
Charles Berman, and Nathan Franzblau came nattily attired in patrol
caps and shirts specially designed for the event. If the attire wasn’t
a sufficient display of patrol pride, Nathan challenged all to match
their skills against the vipers.
The special guest speaker was David Seldin, president of the
Jacksonville Jaguars. Rabbi David Gaffney gave an inspirational
invocation.
The current members of Troop 14 also entertained the audience to
their delight with prepared skits for the occasion. The scouts were
individually recognized and awarded custom, embroidered
neckerchiefs.
Other highlights of the evening included distribution of a Diamond
Anniversary booklet with a detailed photo history of the Troop and
personal profiles of those in attendance.
Thanks are in order to all who attended or contributed to the event,
including the banquet committee, Blanche Slott, Kathy Moemke,
Stella Finck, Dan and Bill Wilensky, Ann DePaul, William Rose,
Michael Gartner, Harry and Sharon Peltz, and Leon Yergin. Special
thanks to scoutmaster Randy Silverberg who chaired the committee
and was the impetus for the event and Steve Ghelerter who performed
the printing and anniversary booklet. Appreciation also goes to
photographer Phyllis Glossman and caterer Michael Fleet.
Seventeen Eagle scouts from the Troop attended the event. Among
them were four of the first five Troop members to earn Scouting’s
highest award. David Rothstein became an Eagle in 1928, Dr.
Louis Wilensky in 1932, Joseph Mizrahi in 1934, and William
Rose in 1942.
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein’s wish was fulfilled as his favorite campfire
tale was skillfully retold by Michael Weitzen and Dan Wilensky.
The duo retold the haunting “Gorky” tale in the darkened room as
the delighted audience sat around a glowing artificial campfire.
Many shared their fond memories of scouting with the audience.
Edith Michelson, widow of past scoutmaster Leo Michelson,
recounted the intense rivalry with the Temple’s Troop 12. Edith
is the only female to be formally recognized as an “official” boy
scout. Isadore Moscovitz, a scout in 1923, paid tribute to those of
Troop 14 who have passed away.
A
'Ll* banquet and gala celebrating the 75th
Anniversary of Boy Scout Troop 14 was attended
by 200. Members and friends of Troop 14 convened
January 21,1995 for an evening of fun, comraderie
and entertainment at the Center.
The event honored the Troop, its scouts and volunteers. Troop 14
has been a source of many lifelong friendships, a link between the
generations, and a guiding force for the youth of our community.
The Troop has survived profound societal changes since 1919 because
of its enduring appeal to youth and ageless ideals.
The audience listened spellbound as Leon Yergin
described the acts of skill and bravery which earned
him the Gold Medal of Honor from the Boy Scouts
as a 16-year old Eagle Scout. Leon used the true
account of how he saved a drowning youth to impress
upon the scouts the importance of preparedness and
their scouting skills. He imparted to the boys a
heightened sense of Troop pride and an understanding of the
important role of each in its rich tradition.
Boy Scout
Troop 14
DIAMOND
Anniversary
