Si
/
our synagogue
A Expression of Esteem for Raymond Cohen
from Rabbi Stephen and Judy Grundfast and Family
As the great King David was about to leave
this earth, the Tanach records his final words, in
the book of Second Samuel, chapter 23, “The
spirit of the Lord spoke to me, and His word
was in my tongue.”
David was called N'eem zemirot Yisraeyl,
the sweet singer of Israel, for through his music
and singing he was able to become ever closer
to God and serve the Almighty with all his soul
and all his might.
A great honor has been bestowed upon our
own sweet singer of Israel, Raymond Cohen.
For many years his voice has filled the hearts of
our congregants with a beautiful voice that has
touched and transformed our souls. Raymond
speaks to God as he lifts his voice in song with
great kavanah, spirit.
The Talmud states, “...the essential in the
music of the (ancient) Sanctuary was the singing
with the mouth, the instrument music being just
for sweetening the sound.” Raymond is essential
to the Jacksonville Jewish Center for he sweetens
our worship each and every time he shares his
sacred talent with us, be that on the Yamim
Noraim, Selichot night or at special
congregational occasions.
But even more important than his
beautiful singing voice is Raymonds sweetness
as a human being. Raymond is a gutte neshamah,
a good soul, with a kind word for everyone he
meets. His smile is infectious and we all should
emulate his gentleness and compassion for
others.
There is a lesson to be learned from the
two seas in the Land of Israel. The Jordan River
feeds into the seas with sparkling water from
the hills above. The first sea is fresh with a
multitude of fish in its waters and lush vegetation
on its banks. The Jordan River continues to flow
southward into another sea, but there are no
fish to be found and its banks are barren.
What makes this mighty difference
between these two seas? It is not the Jordan
River. It empties the same good water into both.
This is the difference:
The Sea of Galilee receives but does not
keep the Jordan. For every drop that flows into
it, another drop flows out. The giving and
receiving go on in equal measure.
The other sea is much different. It hoards
its incoming water with great jealousy. It has no
such generosity as the first sea. Every drop it
acquires it keeps.
The Sea of Galilee gives and lives. The other
sea cannot sustain life. It is called the Dead Sea.
There are two kinds of seas in the Land of
Israel, and there are two kinds of people in the
world. Raymond Cohen is our Sea of Galilee.
He gives with great joy to all who know and
love him. And each of us receives the great
benefit of his sweetness.
We hope and pray that God grant
Raymond many more years of life and song so
that he can share his special and holy talents with
us all. May he truly go from strength to strength.
With fondest regards,
Rabbi Stephen and Judy Grundfast and Family
iv
