for his lifelong contributions
Honoring Raymond Cohen
mtributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
In Appreciation of Raymond Cohen
From Rabbi S’ Inge Gaffney
In Exodus 25, the Torah describes God’s
command to Moses to build a Tabernacle with all the
requisite furnishings —an Ark to house the tablets with
the inscribed Ten Commandments; the Menorah, the
Altars; a Table for Showbread, etc. Moses is,
understandably, overwhelmed. His greatest
responsibility is to lead the people of Israel through
the wilderness to the Promised Land. He lacks the
time, the skills, as well as the aesthetic wherewithal to
undertake a project as significant as fashioning a
Tabernacle.
But God has commanded - “Let them make me
a sanctuary so that I may dwell within them”. (Exodus
25:8)
Sensing Moses’ dilemma, God offers - “see I have
singled out to assist you, Bezalel. I have endowed him
with Divine Spirit, with aesthetic skill and knowledge
in every craft. (Exodus 31: 3-5) Commentators explain
the words “singled out” to signify Bezalel’s unique and
exemplary reputation, because he used his talent and
skill For the most worthy of purposes - creating a
sanctuary where God’s presence would be found.
Moses is relieved. A sanctuary, a place of holiness
requires more than the efforts of one man, one leader -
even a Moses -but the assistance and support of those
who are filled with skill and talent and the spirit of
God.
For the twenty-nine years of my association with
the Jacksonville Jewish Center my Bezalel was Raymond
Cohen. His service to the Center is of even longer
duration - a total of sixty-nine years. Blessed with
artistic skill and an aesthetic sense, Raymond willingly
and generously shared his talent, sensitivity and
devotion with the Center.
As titular leader of the Center Chorale Society
for about twenty years, Raymond’s beautiful tenor voice
moved countless worshippers with his renditions of
u’v’SHOFAR GADOL YI-TA-KA of the u’n’TANEH TOKEF
prayer. Can anyone forget his rendering of ZAHARTI
lach of the High Holiday Musaf Service?
Raymond’s voice in concert with other choir
voices enhanced our holiday services, late Friday evening
services, Confirmation services, etc. Raymond
volunteered his talent on other occasions - Shushan
Purim, Center Raffles, evenings that featured talent
programs, Israel Bond programs and for many occasions
throughout the year.
It was not only with his voice that Raymond
moved us. His artistic skills were put to use in service
of Center Yearbook covers, advertising campaigns for
building fund efforts; when we celebrated the 100th
anniversary of the founding of the Center and for many
other comparable occasions.
Equally gratifying to me were the ten years in
which Raymond served as a Monday morning minyan
captain. Countless people who needed the comforting
support of a minyan when they were saying Kaddish
were assured that a minyan would be available because
of Raymond’s devotion. His own “menschlikheit” helps
to explain his being “singled out” - as he is this year;
his exemplary reputation as the Bezalel of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The Center has always been a second home to
Raymond and his ayshet ci-layil —his “Woman of Valor”
-his beloved Dot. How gratified they are to experience
their children and grandchildren joining the Center
Choir, adding their own voices to the Service of God,
making for a perfect harmony —not only of voices -
but of a beautiful family harmony, as well. Their
children Peggy and Ken, Karen and Todd and their
grandchildren David, Rachel, Ben, Maci and Trudy
nave looked to the Center as a place in which to flourish
Jewishly. Their children Jerry and Sherry and
granddaughter Marsha, when visiting from Gainesville,
recognize that Raymond and Dot enjoy the love and
respect of so many Center friends. May their lives
continue to be rich with happiness -as they have
enriched our lives. May they celebrate many happy
occasions with their entire family including their
grandchildren Tavi and Grant, Michael and Michelle,
and great grandchildren Shannon, Evan and Matthew.
Inge and I join all of our Center friends in wishing
Raymond and Dot a long and healthy life, filled with
joy and happiness and naches and the satisfaction that
comes in the knowledge that they have helped to create
a Tabernacle —a sanctuary -our beloved Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Best wishes for a healthy and
meaningful Shanah Tovah to all.
— Rabbi & Inge Gaffney
v
