From childhood, Raymond
displayed a gifted vocal talent. A
seasoned junior Cantor at 13, he
joined the adult choir and began nearly
70 years as featured soloist in the
Center’s Friday night, holiday and
concert choirs. At 82 years old, his
singing is still an inspirational highlight
of our High Holiday services.
On March 12, 1939 at age 18,
Raymond made his stage debut in the original operetta
called “The Wedding.” It was touted as the “most
elaborate and most beautiful [musical] ever given in
Jacksonville by the Jewish community.” The love story
had 6 scenes and twenty pieces of music based on Jewish
folk songs and fragments of folklife in Eastern Europe.
Raymond’s magnificent tenor voice would win him a
scholarship to Stetson University.
r to l: Isidor Setzer, Irving Slott, May Schweitzer, Meyer Leibovitz,
Sylvia Price, Morris Nimovitz, Raymond Cohen, Leo Moskovitz,
Mrs. Abraham Prattler, Melvin Margol.
On a parallel course with his musical development,
Raymond’s artistic talents came to the forefront. He was
awarded a scholarship to the Ringling School of Art,
attended the University of Florida, the Long School of
Art and later, New York University.
World War II interrupted Raymond’s education, but
the skills he had already acquired allowed him to rise
above the ordinary tasks of
a foot-soldier. He was
assigned to the U.S. Army
Printing Plant in Orlando.
Among other things, he
designed recruitment posters
and materials for the
Officer’s Club. Raymond
was chosen to be part of a
drafting team that worked on
plans for air strips, as well as
the Norden bombsite.
Raymond never strayed from his Jewish roots.
Soon he became the Cantor for Friday night Services on
the base. He also designed a portable Aron Kodesh that
was used by Jewish chaplains in the field.
After one Shabbat evening Service, Raymond was
introduced to a cute WAAC from New York, named
Dorothy Berger. It was love at
first sight and 6 months later the
couple was married by the base
chaplain. They have been making
beautiful music together ever
since. This November, Dorothy
and Raymond will celebrate their
60th wedding anniversary.
Upon his honorable discharge, Raymond returned
to Jacksonville to begin civilian life, as a young husband
and new father to son, Jerry. In time there would be two
daughters, Peggy and Karen.
Raymond now pursued his passion for art, as a
profession, in the advertising department of Cohen
Brother’s, where he became Advertising and Sales
Promotion Manager. At the request of his brothers,
Raymond opened and managed the successful Toy Fair
store in San Marco, but soon returned to advertising.
Over the next three decades, he built the Raymond Cohen
Advertising Agency into an award-winning, regional firm.
All the while, Raymond continued to sing. In 1948,
Cantor Abraham Marton formed the first mixed chorus
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. He introduced liturgical
and popular Jewish music written by world-famous
composers. Raymond became his star male vocalist and
performed stirring solos in Services, as well as in concert
with the Choral Society. The choir even performed on
television.
A clipping from the Times Union shows (r to l) accompanist Jimmy
Crosland, Cantor Marton, Reba Torn, Leo Moskovitz, Raymond
Cohen and Celia Bressler rehearsing for a concert in 1950.
