In the 1950s and 60s, a
wedding at the Center wasn’t
complete unless Raymond
Cohen sang. It was a present to
the bride that he enjoyed as
much as the guests. In addition
to friends and congregants,
Raymond sang at all the
weddings of his children. He was even invited to perform
at the U.S. Senate Dining room for the wedding reception
of Senator George McGovern’s daughter.
Though he has been cast in
many roles in community plays
and operas, Raymond has always
been a willing participant in our
home-grown theatrical productions
for holidays, Center variety shows
and special events.
Raymond has a terrific sense of humor, but he is
very serious about his artistic contributions to the Center.
He has produced numerous brochures and programs, as
well as the creative service booklet that was used for
many years on the second day of Rosh Hashanah. He
was also a member of the sanctuary design committee.
Raymond designed the
Center Centennial logo
used on printed pieces, a
commemorative pin and a
ceremonial menorah, as well
as the Yom HaMorim torch
representing 100 years of
Education at the Center.
Raymond’s devotion to the Center Yearbook has
been extensive and on-going since the early 50s. Although
many people are familiar with his design work, Raymond’s
fine drawings and paintings of religious and secular
subjects grace the walls of many congregants’ homes.
Several have been reproduced on covers of the Yearbook.
In addition, Raymond has worked behind the scenes as a
print advisor, ad and layout artist, and editor. The Center
Yearbook staff is extremely proud to honor Raymond
and express their appreciation for all his efforts. He has
added immeasurably to the success of the publication.
Behind every great man their is a great woman.
Dorothy has been Raymond’s soulmate, partner, critic,
advisor and biggest fan. Together they have created a
meaningful Jewish life for themselves and their children
based on family traditions. Holiday observance, Jewish
education, tzedakah, ethical behavior, respect for the
elderly, love of the synagogue and involvement in the
community were taught to their children by example.
Both Jerry and Peggy (Organes) began their formal
education in the Center’s Kindergarten, Hebrew and
Sunday Schools. There was no double standard, each
was expected to study for Bar and Bat Mitzvah.
Raymond supervised the training at home, spending
countless hours listening to haftarahs and prayers. He is
planning to duplicate his own Bar Mitzvah next January
at age 83.
Daughter, Karen (Morse), was enrolled in the first
class of the Center’s Foundation School. Later all of the
Jacksonville grandchildren would receive a Solomon
Schechter education.
Family is everything to Raymond. Growing up at
the Center, most everyone was his family. The term
“Center Family” was real. More than that, was the deep
relationship he had with his mother and brother, Macy.
Taking the children to their
grandmother’s house for Shabbat
and holidays became a ritual
Raymond and Dot passed down to
their own grandchildren. David and
Rachel Organes were literally
taught the Kiddush as babes in
arms. Now Ben, Maci and Trudy
Morse take turns leading each
week. Gainesville granddaughter,
Marsha Cohen davens in her shul.
And of course the singing at Seders is rich with harmony,
when the Cohen clan gathers from all over.
After Macy died, Raymond said Kaddish at each
minyan, joined by son-in-law, Ken. They both became
regulars and were minyan captains for a number of years.
Raymond still davens on Monday mornings, with son-
in-law, Todd, and grandson, Ben in attendance.
Raymond continues to lead an admirable life and
has received the accolades of our congregation, including
that of Hatan Torah. But he considers his biggest success
to be in the lives of his children and grandchildren.
Following his lead, they sing in the choir, take leadership
roles in the congregation, plan and participate in synagogue
celebrations, and even work on the Yearbook.
Mazel Tov to Raymond, Dorothy and their family
on this well-deserved honor. Through your example,
others will be inspired to contribute their time and talent
to the Jacksonville Jewish Center, keeping our congregation
vibrant for generations to come.
If there’s a Purim speil,
Raymond will be in it. One his
favorite roles was Mordechai, in “Esther and the King of
Shushan,” a costume
musical directed by
Marilyn Garber. He has
been the emcee for a
string of hilarious, adult,
Shushan Purim dinners.
He even played, what
else, the “cantor” in this
year’s Purim play.
iii
