Administration
Executive Director’s Message
One day, during this past
summer, the phone rang from a
Center member who had not been
around in quite some time. He asked
for an appointment and said it was
rather important.
When he arrived at the Center
a few hours later he seemed to have
a lot on his mind. He proceeded to
say that it had been a longtime since
he stepped foot in the building, but
had attended minyan earlier in the
week to observe a yarzheit.
“I just want you to know,” he said, “that even
though you haven’t seen me here in sometime, I
am very grateful to the Jacksonville Jewish Center
because I know the shul will always be here when I
need it.”
What a warm thought! The member then
proceeded to say he now had some free time on his
hands and would like to volunteer. “Is there anything
you need?” He was immediately given a project,
which he completed with great pride.
Who knows what ignited the spark that
reconnected this long-standing member with the
Jacksonville Jewish Center? But the lesson is clear.
The Center will always be here when you need it.
Whether it’s a yarzheit, a simcha, a holiday
observance or an educational opportunity, the
Center remains steadfastly committed to serving its
members seven days a week, 365 days a year.
This commitment is made possible through
the dedication of our staff, teachers, outstanding
lay leadership and dedicated volunteers.
Our volunteers, in particular,
play a critical role in the life of our
congregation. From youth advisors
and minyan captains, to Shabbat
greeters, PTA presidents, committee
chairman, statement stuffers,
fundraisers and other volunteers, the
opportunities are endless.
That is why this gentleman’s
question, “Is there anything you
need?” resonates. The Center will
always be here when you need it, but
“yes” we need your help as well. Volunteer to serve
the Center in some capacity. Offer your assistance
to the office, a youth group, a minyan, a school
program, or a synagogue committee. Call us and ask,
“Is there anything you need?” We will be happy to
match your talents and time with our needs.
As we approach the New Year 5764,1 want to
personally express my gratitude to the staff and
membership of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for
making our synagogue so unique. We enter the New
Year with great hope and optimism for the future of
Jewish life in Jacksonville and beyond.
I would also like to express my deepest
appreciation to Raymond Cohen, our Yearbook
honoree, who embodies the spirit of volunteerism.
Whether its leading the Center Choral Society,
designing award winning covers for our Yearbook or
serving as a Monday morning minyan captain,
Raymond has touched the life of this congregation
for well over a half a century. Todah rabah,
Raymond, and continued years of good health
and happiness for you, Dorothy and your entire
family.
On behalf of my family, Edith, Sam and Max,
may each of you be blessed with a Happy and Healthy
New Year.
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
— Bruce Horovitz
7
