A Prayer for the New Year
Dear God,
Creator and Sustainer of all, who has breathed the spirit of life into dust, we the
children of the people of Israel, assembled in holy congregations this year on the holy
days of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, bend our heads before you in thankfulness
and deep gratitude for all the favors and kindnesses, that you have shown in mercy to
us during the past year that is now passing into eternity.
In humbleness and silence, do we accept all the woes and afflictions that You, in
your wisdom and mercy, permitted to befall us.
We pray to you, O Lord, to bestow upon us, and upon all your children, for this
coming year, from the multitude of bounties, to the gift of life, to have a healthy
existence, to the full use of all the faculties of body and mind. Purify the hearts and
guide the minds of people so that your gift of life may not be put to vain and foolish
use. May this coming year of 5764 contribute towards the realization in the life of
humankind of the vision of the Prophets, the vision so beautifully formulated in our
prayer to you on this day, “Rule Thou alone, O Lord, over all Thy creatures.”
It is to strive to bring glory to your name, to help to establish justice and peace
among people, to aid in the restoration of Israel, their people, to the soil you have
ordained for it from old, to strive to implant in the hearts of our children love and
knowledge of the Torah and the Jewish faith, that we pray, O Lord, “Remember us
unto life, O King! Thou who delights in life, and write us in the book of life for Thy
sake, O God of life.”
Amen
To all our friends, a year of peace and good health, and to children everywhere, we pledge our efforts to improve the world.
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc.
Goldie Portnoy
Jerry & Barbara Portnoy and Family Michael & Andrea Portnoy and Family
Richard & Rhonda Passink and Family
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
4
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
