A Message from Rabbi Grundfast
Teshuvah - Our Journey Towards Wholeness
The Yamim Noraim, High Holy Days,
beckon us to alter our lives and become
better Jews and human beings, in our fast
moving and highly technological society, we
sometimes leave little space or occasion for
personal reflection and spiritual growth.
Many of us today feel as if we have become
exiled from God’s holy presence by our
mistakes, unfulfilled obligations and missed
opportunities.
Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur should
make us tremble as we stand not only in
God’s judgment, but perhaps even more importantly, in
judgment of ourselves. The Talmud speaks of three books
that are opened at this time of year, namely, a book for the
thoroughly righteous; one for the thoroughly wicked and a
third one for all the intermediate. (Talmud, Rosh Hashanah
16b). According to this rabbinic legend, God scrutinizes our
actions and our names are thus inscribed in one of those
heavenly ledgers.
For me, this well-known Talmudic passage is a
metaphor for the hard and arduous task of self-judgment. We
ourselves are endowed with the power and ability to “move”
God’s hand towards a year of goodness, by how we act and by
how much kindness we exhibit to those around us. The
majority of us are presently in the intermediate book, for we
are “the middle of the road sinners.” The ten-day time period
between the beginning of Rosh Hashanah and the sounding
of the shofar at the conclusion of Yom Kippur provides us
with a final possibility to make a life or death difference in
the world.
it was once written that Teshuvah, repentance, sweetens
our journey towards wholeness. The self-realization that we
can be better people is one of the great teachings that must
be gleaned from our High Holy Days. It is a new year, and it
is now time to make a new start. Our journey towards
wholeness and spiritual healing will not happen automatically.
There is no magic formula for personal
change, just the ability to see ourselves in a
new light. We must do the hard and arduous
work on our own.
The month of Elul, which precedes the
holiday of Rosh Hashanah, is viewed in our
tradition as an especially important time for
Teshuvah and personal introspection. In
Gematria the word “Elul” has the numerical
equivalent of the Hebrew word binah, that
means understanding. The meaning is
simple: only through understanding can
Teshuvah ever become a living reality in our lives. As it is
stated by the prophet Isaiah (6:10), “And understanding with
their heart, return and be healed.”
Rabbi Israel Salanter, a popular 19th century sage
from Lithuania, was the founder of the Musar movement.
Musar, a moral school of thought and action teaches that
ethical behavior is to be performed and perfected in the
spirit of Halacha, Jewish law. He was a great and
distinguished teacher and preacher who taught the following
lesson, which I believe holds great meaning and significance
for us in today’s challenging world.
He taught that each person has two eyes for a reason.
With one eye, we look at our neighbors, fastening our gaze
on their goodness, excellence, and most desirable qualities,
while refraining from criticism, slander and gossip. With
the other eye, we turn inward to see our own weaknesses,
imperfections so we can correct them.
As the prophet Ezekiel wrote, “Cast away from
yourselves all your transgressions, and create within
yourselves a new heart and a new spirit.” (Ezekiel 18: 31)
May we see the New Year with clear eyes and pure
hearts so that we can move ever closer to the Divine One,
and that our year will be blessed with good health and moral
fortitude.
Allow me to take this opportunity to wish
Raymond Cohen a hearty Mazal Tov. He is most deserving
of having the yearbook dedicated in his honor as we celebrate
and recognize his many years of dedicated service to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and to the Jewish People. May
God continue sending His blessings upon Raymond, a man
with a gutte neshamah.
On behalf of my wife, Judy and children, Rachel and
Joe, may I wish each of you a Shanah Tovah u’Metukah—a
good and a sweet new year.
— Rabbi Stephen Grundfast
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast
5
