Organizations
Center Choral Society
Reach-To-The-Beach
For over 55 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical
music. Over the years, they have given numerous concerts featuring
members of the choir, as well as nationally acclaimed soloists. Many
of the current members have been singing with this group for twenty
years or more. New members are always welcome. Call Raymond
Cohen 733-6979.
2003-2004 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Margaret Fleet, Lois Gosa,
Karen Hamilton, Debbie Kaye, Henry Lasris, Stevie
Levine, Karen Morse, Judy Geller Nevel, David Organes,
Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth
Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon, Steve Solomon
and Rebecca Zapen.
®The Reach-to-the-B each
project of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is celebrating a
first birthday! Last fall, a few
synagogue members, who live
at the beach, met with Rabbi
Grundfast to plan some
educational and social initiatives for all Center
members who reside in the Jacksonville
Beaches area.
The first year’s events included two
programs on “Jewish Superstition and
Mysticism,” a Hanukkah Party with food,
songs and games, and a traditional Shabbat
Dinner with Shabbat songs and a wonderful
D’var Torah.
The final gathering of the year was a
Beach Party! The day was enriched by a lively
and enlightening talk by Judy Geller Nevel
about the history of Jews at the Beach.
Everyone attending said the talk was so
interesting and entertaining that we would have
to ask Judy for an encore next year! It was a
great way to close out our first year’s events.
Special thanks to this year’s planning
group, Carolyn Zisser, Rita Baumgarten,
Evelyn Peck, Judy DeArman, Linda
Ginsburg, and Ruth Rosenblatt. Each
member made unique and invaluable
contributions to this Center initiative.
Jewish Singles
The Jewish Singles program provides a place to “meet and
eat” for those living in Jacksonville and the surrounding area.
Dinners, and an occasional brunch, fill the calendar. Whether in
someone’s home or in a restaurant, these continue to be the most
popular gatherings.
A calendar of events is mailed several times a year, but the
information can also be found on the Jacksonville Jewish Federation
website at www.jaxjewish.org/singles.
For those who are far away from family, Jewish Singles helps
make friendships and matches. Another important service of this
program is providing home hospitality and “yom tov” meals for
those who would otherwise be alone for the holidays.
Funded by the Federation, this program continues to provide
important social and religious opportunities to Jewish singles in the
area.
More and varied programs are in the
works for the coming year. We enthusiastically
invite your participation in planning or just
attending an event. We welcome new and
returning members.
For information, questions, or suggestions
about the Reach-to-the-Beach events, please
contact Ruth Rosenblatt at 280-3115 or
rbrosenb@aol.com
For more information, contact Rhoda Goldstein at 292-1000.
17
