Organizations
Center Sisterhood
— 2003-2004 Officers —.
President
Jeanine Rogozinski
Education VP
Debbie Banks
Membership VP
Suzi Weiss
Ways & Means VP
Cheryl Plotkin
Program VP
Diane Rothstein
Torah Fund VP
Gayle Bailys
Youth VP
Amy Goodman
Treasurer
Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary
Robin Allerding
Recording Secretary
Etta Drashin
Corresponding Sec.
Peggy Organes
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Budget
Joanne Rosenberg
Nominating Committee
Maxine Romo
Administrative Assistant
Beth Shorstein
Branch Liaison
Phyllis Goldberg
HAZAK! From strength! That was the message of this
year’s JTS Torah Fund Drive ... and that is exactly what your
Sisterhood did, with the enthusiasm, dedication and
commitment of every member who participated.
Sisterhood programs and projects promote education,
social action and religious observance. Through the annual
Torah Fund Campaign, we provide support for the Jewish
Theological Seminary and the Ziegler School of Rabbinic
Studies. At this year’s Torah Fund Luncheon, the “Horty T.
Gendzier Woman of Achievement” award was presented to
Phyllis Goldberg, past Sisterhood President, Center Board
member, Simhat Torah Woman of Valor, community leader,
and President-Elect of the Florida Branch of Women’s League of Conservative Judaism
- a strong woman indeed.
We are proud to offer financial support to Center schools and youth groups
through our continued donations to the Youth Fund, which offers scholarships for
Camp Ramah, USY on Wheels, and summer programs in Israel. This year Sisterhood
made a pledge to the Preschool Playground for a gazebo as part of a major renovation
plan. Our support also included providing snacks for High Holidays, apples and candy
for Simhat Torah, and hamentaschen for Purim.
Among the successful fund raising projects were the sale of Rosh Hashanah
flowers and cards, Nachas Tax and the Sisterhood Judaica Shop, which provides the
congregation and community with beautiful gift and ritual items, and whose proceeds
benefit Sisterhood programs. Perhaps our most successful fund-raising project was
the Annual Donor. This event raised over $6,000.00 for the Center Building Fund.
Educational and religious programs included enlightening monthly seminars led
by Rabbi Grundfast. Our members and their daughters demonstrated their many talents
and abilities during our spiritually uplifting Sisterhood Shabbat, which this year
coincided with Women’s League 40th Anniversary celebration. We also promoted
the Henry Kramer Library with several informative book reviews after Shabbat Services,
as well as a contribution that will provide much needed shelving for growing collections.
Sisterhood is thriving with over 360 members. Our monthly meetings were
interesting and well attended. Programs ranged from women’s health issues, shul
decorum, Feng Shui, to our own Susan DuBow’s giving us “a taste of Hollywood.”
Again this year, dedicated volunteers were recognized at each meeting. Robin Allerding,
Gayle Bailys, Pollie Copans, Beverly Geller, Rhoda Goldstein, Vivian Kaplan, Hilda
Lewit, Peggy Organes, Martha Savage, Hilda Warfield, Jean Weinberg and Elissa Vining
were among Sisterhood’s “Valued Volunteers.”
Jeanine Rogozinski
President
L to r: Pollie Copans, Martha Savage, Hilda Lewit, Vivian Kaplan,
Jean Weinberg and Hilda Warfield were among the valued
Sisterhood volunteers recognized at our monthly meetings.
A personal expression of gratitude goes to all the
officers, committee chairs and board members for being the
quintessential volunteers who always put Sisterhood first in
their lives.
In this coming year, let us embrace our responsibility to
our organization, our synagogue, our families, our future.
Through the act of volunteering, nothing is impossible, and our
success in enhancing the Jewish Community around us is
infinite. The Sisterhood Board and I hope to see a lot more of
you next year.
Chaim, Rachel, Erin, Jonathan, Danielle, and I wish you
all a Shanah Tovah, and a year filled with peace, good health,
and happiness.
— Jeanine Rogozinski
19
