President’s Message
Have you ever noticed how many
members of our synagogue are involved
in the leadership of Jewish organizations
in our community? Doesn’t it make you
proud? As president of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, it makes me extremely
proud on several levels. First, many of
these leaders are my friends, and I take
great pride in their accomplishments. Also,
I’m proud because they are helping the
Jewish community. Most of all, I’m proud
because the active participation of
members of the Center Family speaks volumes about our
success in developing and promoting involvement in all
aspects of Jewish life.
Our commitment to the future of Conservative
Jewish values begins with our youth. Come by the Center
anytime, any day and you are likely to see a flurry of
religious and cultural activities. Starting with our
Preschool, extending through the eighth grade of Solomon
Schechter Day School, and enhanced by our Religious
School, our children learn and live Judaism throughout
the school year, right on our campus. During the summer,
our Camp Neshama provides youngsters with a wonderful
recreational program that has a definite Jewish flavor.
Older children and teens can attend Camp Ramah, travel
around the country with USY-on-Wheels or go on a
pilgrimage to Israel, as part of the summer programs
sponsored by the Conservative Movement with the aid
of the Center Youth Commission. After their B ar or B at
Mitzvah, our students attend Beit Midrash and continue
their Jewish education through Confirmation.
It doesn’t stop there. We are always
looking for new and exciting programs for
our young families and for our not so young
families. Part of the enjoyment of being a
member at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is the interaction of young and old. Much
of that integration is through education.
Whether it is one of the many programs
offered by the Adult Education Committee,
or a school program like Family University,
families of all ages are getting together.
The recently completed community demographic
study indicates that Jewish observance is fostered by
active membership in a synagogue. At the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, we help integrate home and synagogue
observance by providing twice-daily minyan, Shabbat and
Holiday Services, as well as wonderful Festival
celebrations like congregational Sukkot dinners, Passover
Seders and even an adult Purim gala.
Our members are our greatest assets. Like a big
Jewish family, we support and encourage each other and
plan for future growth.
As we enter a new year, 5764, it is time for
reflection. What have been our successes? What have
we accomplished? For the first time in its 42-year history,
the Solomon Schechter Day School graduated an eighth
grade class. In addition, it more than doubled the size of
the eighth grade class for this coming year. We adopted
the new Sim Shalom Siddur as our Shabbat and Daily
prayer book. We have completed the work in the DuBow-
Cohen Lobby, the Setzer Social Hall and the Fletcher-
Selber Auditorium as part of Restoration 2000, and we
refurbished the classrooms and hallways.
When I look forward to this next year, there are
many things I still want to achieve. Most of all I want to
engage the membership to become even more involved
in the life of our congregation. I want to challenge each
member to add Judaism to their lives and to do just one
additional thing this year to increase your involvement
and commitment to Judaism.
On behalf of my wife, Linda, and our children,
Lauren and Sasha, and from all of us at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, L’Shana Tova.
— Philip Bloom
Philip Bloom
President
11
