Committees
Membership
We’re looking forward to
another fun-filled year. Please come
join us. There’s always room for one
more. Join a committee and get
involved!
From my family to yours, L’
Shana Tova! Have a happy and
prosperous New Year.
— Karen Morse
There’s always fun at our Shul!!
Our Summer Sizzler picnics, featuring
entertainment by local bands, continue to be the
high point of summer at the Center. Last July the
crowd enjoyed the music of the Glass Camels;
this summer it was the CSX Crew, as well as the
song-stylings of David Milam. The great guys
from the Center Men’s Club were chillin’ and
grillin’ in the Ansbacher Family Gazebo. Young
and old enjoyed the day swimming and playing
games at our campsite.
A New Members Ice Cream Social was given in honor
of those who recently joined our Center Family: Maj. William
& Barbara Arnold, Dr. Anne Bernstein, Rosalie Cassel, Karen
Sue Chambers, Joseph W. & Anna Cohen, Dr. Robert & Irene
Cywes, Alan & Rebecca Fixel, Fred & Laura Goldstein,
Sherry Goodfarb, Beth Grann, Robert Handmaker &
Cynthia Cohen, Morton Heller, Maxine Heller, Helen Hill,
Beth Jadick, Elyse Jonas, Paulette Keifer, Dr. Adam
Koenigsberg, Marc Leventhal & Lorrain Federman, Leon &
Lauren (Goldenberg) Levin, Howard & Leah Maltz, Ian &
Meredith McEvoy, Lily Michaels, Joel & Laura Parnés, Stan
Press, Dr. Devon & Perrin Rubin, Norman & Shirley Shapiro,
Adam Shmunes, Ben & Joan Talpalar, Sharon Talpalar,
Edwin & Helene Thall, Kimberly Thall, David & Susanne
Weisman, Jeff & Sheri Weiss.
Yom HaMorim was truly a day to remember for our
teachers. Todd Morse produced an emotion-filled retrospective
slide presentation that spanned the 100-year history of our
schools. There wasn’t a dry eye in the house. The jazz stylings
of the Scott Foster Trio lent an ambience to the evening, and
as always, Margo’s desserts were luscious.
Raymond Cohen designed a beautiful logo that
graced the cover of the Center Yearbook dedicated
to “100 Years of Excellence in Education,” as well
as memorabilia of
the event.
Last year’s
Hanukkah
Celebration &
Bazaar was really
big! Fifty artists
and crafters sold their wares up
and down the halls of our shul.
The students of the Religious
School provided games and
fun-filled activities for young
and old alike, and of course,
everyone enjoyed Margo’s famous latke bar. Thanks go to
Rhoda Goldstein for making the event so successful.
Who will ever forget “My Big, Fat, Shushan
Wedding? ” It was the wedding of the century, with a bride,
Talie Zaifert, who was already in a family way and her
handsome “young”
groom, Jack
Silverman. Our
very own singing
sensations, “The
Hot Flashes,”
Isabel Balotin,
Shirley Bielski,
Marilyn Garber,
wowed us with
their vocal backups
to song parodies by
Peggy & Ken
Organes. Raymond
Cohen was the Cantor we always knew he could be. Norman
Kleiman was a masterful Master of Ceremonies, Jim Richman
was the wisecracking Rabbi and the bridal party was the
“tackiest” anywhere. Even Margo and her staff got into the
act. The reception continued with dancing to the music of
L’Dor V’Dor, Jay Sandler’s new
Jewish, variety band. All agreed it
was the best adult Purim Dinner.
Karen Morse,
Membership Chair
27
