Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the friendly volunteers who
give of their time to perform the mitzvah of welcoming
people to services with a friendly “Shabbat Shalom.” Greeting
is a good way to introduce yourself to people and make
newcomers and visitors feel
welcome. We thank Martha for her
dedication to the Center and to all of
the people who volunteered to greet
over the past year. Anyone interested
in joining the Shabbat Greeters,
please call Martha, 733-3671
Thank you to those who were
greeters in the 2002-2003 season:
Linda & Michael Abramson, Robin
& Scott Allerding, Karen & Stu
Appelbaum, Allison Bailys, Gayle Bailys, Debbie Banks &
Garry Kitay, Naomie & Ronnie Ben-Ari, Vera & Morton
Benjamin, Billie & Michael Bernhardt, Tricia & Jack
Bettman, Sonya & David Cohen, Susan & Norman Cohen,
Karen Dubin, Leah Dubin, Holly & Mark Ernas, Marilyn &
Charles Feldstein, Ethel & Stephen Glauberg, Jackie & Steve
Goldman, Annette Goodfarb, Erika Goodfarb, Diane
Greenbaum, Debby & Alan Harris, Sherry & Mike Herring,
Marsha & Michael Howard, Barbara & Lewis Hunter,
Rosely & Robert Kanner, Laurette & Mark Kessler, Susan
& Harry Koslowski, Michelle & Drew Margol, Pearl Marton,
Evelyn & Lew Meisel, Charles Mibab, Sonya Morris, Arlene
& Jerry Rademan, Andy & Marc Raitt, Ellen Rosner,
Barbara & Eliot Safer, Dayan & Jeff Sandler, Dale & Jack
Schemer, Kim Schemer, Rachel Schemer, Risa Schneider,
Cindy & Randy Silverberg, Karen Southall, Rexene Trager,
Elissa & Scott Vining, Robin Vittiello, Joan Waitz, Abby
Weiss, David Weiss, Cindy & Dan Wohl, Amy & Dan Wyzan,
Katy & Paul Yarish and Shelly & David Zavon.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and holidays,
friendly volunteer members serve as ambassadors to Center
congregants by helping with seating, guiding and acknowledging
newcomers, and welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers help to
maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves the beauty of
the service for all of us. We thank all of our ushers for their
efforts throughout the year.
2002-2003 Shabbat Ushers
Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbaum, Scott Balotin,
Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris,
Carl Passen, Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman,
George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David Schmerer,
Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Steve
Solomon, Randall Smith and Tom Spriggs.
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten men. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
We thank those who served as minyan captains during
the 2002-2003 season: Jack Bettman, Robert Handmaker,
Jack Mizrahi, Fred Kupperman, David Schmerer, Russell
Selevan, Jack Silverman, Edward Tannen, Evan Yegelwel,
David Zavon, Sandy Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish
when you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe the captains
not only our thanks, but also our participation, in order to
continue providing a minyan for each service.
To emphasize the mitzvah aspect of his Bar Mitzvah,
Ben Morse become a regular member of the Monday
morning minyan. He also sent post cards to men in our
congregation inviting them to join. Among those who
responded were classmates Eddie Norton, Kyle Soloway
and Kyle Vining.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a
week. Call Marco Rand, Religious Committee Chair, at
737-9761.
Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
Minnie Schreiber, Chair
Committee: Rabbi Joseph Hirsch, Svetlana Goldiner,
Blanche Slott and Roselyn Selber
Assistants: Debbie Shacter and Stephanie Shacter
A library will be only a resting place for books, if the
books are not accessible to readers. Accessibility requires
proper classification, carding shelving and monitoring.
Such was the monumental task that May Goldie
Stillman, of blessed memory, performed for the Tofield
Memorial Library. Every Sunday morning was dedicated to
working in the library, as it grew and became the Henry
Kramer Library and Resource Center.
May Goldie’s illness and recent death ended her library
service of many years as co-chairman, but the library itself
will be a constant reminder of her dedication and devotion.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center will always be grateful.
From its humble beginnings in 1959, the Henry Kramer
Library and Resource Center, which includes the Solomon
Schechter Day School Library and the Tofield Reading Room,
has developed into the splendid library that it is through the
work of May Goldie Stillman and countless other synagogue
members.
23
