Committees
Adult Education
Etta Fialkow, chair
This year’s adult activities offered a variety of
educational opportunities - some familiar, some new.
Hebrew Literacy is a staple of the curriculm. Etta
Fialkow taught classes for beginners. Students who could
not read any of the letters in the Hebrew alefbet, found
that in just a few short lessons they could read some
prayers. Arlene Yegelwel worked with other students
helping them to better improve their reading skills. Lorrain
Federman introduced a new program of teaching reading
skills and, at the same time, the meaning of many of the
words used in the prayers. Marc Leventhal continued a
class in conversational Hebrew that he began last year.
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast taught a number of
courses this year. Enlightening, bi-monthly Talmud class
used the book Swimming in the Sea ofTalmudby Michael
Katz and Gershon Schwartz. At monthly “Lunch and
Learn” sessions, students ate and studied various texts
with Rabbi Grundfast at the office of Shorstein and
Shorstein. Under the auspices of Center Sisterhood, Rabbi
Grundfast continued his seminars for and about Jewish
women, with discussions of Ketuvim, the Writings found
in the Tanakh. Continuing his post-Confirmation program,
Rabbi Grundfast hosted several informal dinners with
12th graders to discuss topics of interest to young adults.
Rabbi Grundfast also taught an introduction to
Judaism and Jewish life for those seeking either conversion
to Judaism or more knowledge about their Jewish heritage.
In January and February, Rabbi Grundfast conducted
a special four-week mini series that concentrated on the
hows and whys of our Jewish prayer service. He
discussed the Siddur, the structure of the prayer service,
the development of the synagogue, the morning blessings,
the Shema, the Amidah and all the variations of the
Kaddish. As a hands-on part of the class, he gave lessons
on the proper way to make a Torah aliyah, how to lift
and tie the Torah, and spoke on when and how to bow.
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch taught a six-week course in
February and March that explored the political and cultural
spheres of the history of the Jewish people. He broke
the classes into six periods of Jewish history: the Biblical,
Second Temple, Talmudic, Geonic, Medieval and Modem
Periods. Rabbi Hirsch recently joined the Jacksonville
Community, coming from Palm Coast.
The Adult Education
Committee instituted the
Setzer-Levit Family Program
Series, an endowment to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center by
Leah and Milton Levit as a
memorial to their mothers,
Hannah Setzer and Dora Levit.
It is a complement to the Setzer-
Levit Lecture Series that has
provided world renown
speakers of topical Jewish issues in memory of their
fathers, Benjamin Setzer and Joseph Levit. On December
8, the entire Jewish community was invited to an evening
with guest performer Rahel Musleah. The program,
“Jews in Calcutta? Is that near Kalamazoo?” began
with a buffet dinner featuring Kosher Indian Cuisine.
The seventh generation of a Calcutta family, Musleah
opened the window to the rich, but little-known, heritage
of the Jews of India. She creatively engaged our
children’s participation through slides, song and stories.
The Setzer-Levit Lecture
Series brought award-winning
journalist, Stephen Dubner, to
our congregation and the students
of Beit Midrash. Dubner spoke
on his life experience, and of
returning to his Jewish roots.
Barbara Pakula ably chaired this
important event.
Etta Fialkow
29
The annual Safer Shabbaton Weekend, held
February 14-16, featured Shai Cherry, Mellon Assistant
Professor of Jewish Thought at
Vanderbilt University.
Professor Cherry delivered
three diverse lectures: “How
Jews have Responded to
Darwinian Evolution, “Kashrut
in the Twenty-first Century -
should vegetarianism be a
mitzvah?” and a talk on Jewish
mysticism. Shabbaton
Weekend is underwritten by the
Marilyn and Louis Safer
Shabbaton Fund, established in
memory of Marilyn and Lou Safer by their children Eliot
Safer, Cynthia Baron, Deena Richman, and Shana Temel.
