Committees
Shabbat and Holiday Liturgy
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Baal Tefillah
Hearing Raymond Cohen’s beautiful tenor
voice during the Yamim Nora ’im is one of my most
enduring memories of growing up at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. There seemed to be an extra measure
of holiness to the prayers when Raymond and the
Center Choral Society would accompany Cantor
Marton, z’l, on Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. I’m
pleased to count Raymond as a colleague and a friend
now, and I’m delighted that this year’s edition of the yearbook is dedicated to him
and his years of service to the Center.
The Mahzor reads “...repentance, prayer and tzedakah avert the unfavorable
decree.” Indeed, one of the main purposes of Jewish prayer is to inspire repentance
and tzedakah, or righteousness. By praying and confessing as a
community, in the first person plural, we reaffirm the rabbinical dictum “All of
Israel are responsible for one another.”
Every year when the Temple was in existence, the Kohen Gadol would pray
on Yom Kippur for the well being of all the People of Israel. My prayer for the
coming year is that it be one of health and prosperity for us all, and a year of peace
in the Land of Israel and throughout the world. From D’vorah, lian and myself,
Ishanah tovah tikkateivu ut’hateimu.
— Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
Religious Committee
Marco Rand, Chairman
The Religious Committee is in the honored position of guiding many of the
ritual functions that are the pulse of our congregation. Whether it is helping to
ensure the reliability of the twice-daily minyan, overseeing the standards of our
services, or coordinating High Holiday honors, the Religious Committee’s work
is often unheralded, but nonetheless vital to the daily life and times of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Acting in concert with the Rabbi, it is the job of this
committee to see to it that the rituals of the synagogue continue to conform to the
strong traditions of our congregation and to the highest standards of the
Conservative movement.
Our congregation is grateful to Dave Schmerer for his strong leadership as
chair of this committee during a period of significant transition at the Center.
Special kudos are due to Bob Bossen for his continuing stalwart work as our Gabbai
coordinator - this past year saw the inclusion of women in the Gabbai corps. This
year’s High Holiday honors subcommittee was led by Edward Tannen.
We look forward to learning with and working with the congregation as we
face the many potential challenges and changes that loom on the horizon.
Religious Committee members in 2002-2003 were: Neil Abramson,
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Jack Bettman, Abe Bielski, Daniel Blankstein, Fred
Blum, Robert Bossen, Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis Fleet,
Sheldon Gendzier, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Robert Handmaker,
Wendy Honigman, Joseph Honigman, Norman Kleiman, Iris Kraemer, Mark
Kraemer, Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, Marco Rand, Craig Sandler, Natalie
Sandler, David Schmerer, Leonard Selber, Joseph Shacter, Mark Shorstein,
Edward Tannen, Dan Wohl.
— Marco Rand
Shabbat Torah Readers
Scott Zimmerman,
Ritual Director
The Greatest Commandment
The Talmud teaches that the
mitzvah of Talmud Torah (Jewish
learning) is the greatest of all mitzvot.
Because study leads to action, and
because understanding and information
are prerequisites for performing
mitzvot, Talmud Torah contains the
potential for all the other mitzvot. What
we leam is who we become.
For centuries, we have been
known as the people of the Book
because of our special relationship
with the Book of books, the Torah.
While other ancient peoples worshiped
by sacrificing people or animals, we
developed a form of worship that
centered on reading as a sacred act.
The survival of Judaism depends
on something as frail and resilient as
learning and teaching. Whether in a
classroom, a synagogue, or a home, we
add our voices to the process that is
Torah by studying our sacred writings
and traditions, by joining in discussion
and debate with our fellow Jews.
I would like to thank the many
members of our congregation whose
dedication has allowed us to maintain
the high level of participation in Torah
reading that our synagogue has
achieved. With the commitment and
encouragement of our synagogue
organizations and their leaders, we will
preserve our standards for future
generations. I would like to thank Ted
Gross for his many years of guidance
and encouragement as well as all of our
teachers for their continued support and
cooperation and wish you all a heartfelt
Shanah Tovah.
— Scott Zimmerman
25
