Special Events
2003 Center Raffle for Education
“OOTFoyDfeiDofyoufc”
This year’s raffle raised the second highest total in Center history.
Once again, the big winners were the children of the Samuel & Esther
Galinsky Educational Programs who will benefit from the funds raised
by this major endeavor.
Amy Goodman and Faye Mizrahi, Raffle Co-Chairs, are to be
highly commended for their dedication and tireless efforts to make this
event a sensational success. Not only were the proceeds large, so was
the attendance at the Raffle Brunch. Over 400 people enjoyed a fabulous
brunch, beautifully prepared and presented by Margo’s Catering.
The brunch featured a wonderful program that included jazz music,
by the Scott Foster Trio. An enjoyable fashion show was staged by
Emilie Christenson and her Ponte Vedra store, Kyds. The adorable
models, from among the students of Center schools, were professionally
groomed by Daryl Powers Salon & Spa. Photographer, Meg Pryor,
took runway shots of every model. Thanks to Susan DuBow for all her
help coordinating the fashion show.
Honorary Raffle Chairs, Helen & Michael DuBow, ticket sellers
and event committees share the appreciation of our congregation for
this wonderful fundraising event. Thank you to Richard Ford and the
maintenance staff, as well as Inez Achord, Rhoda Goldstein, Lori
Schoettler and other Center staff for all their help.
Of course, the real gratitude goes to the patrons, sponsors and
ticket purchasers whose generous support made all of this possible.
Rabbi Dov Kentof Honored for Educational Excellence
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is pleased to
announce that Rabbi Dov Kentof, Director
Eméritas of Education & Youth, is this year’s
recipient of the Rabbi David Gaffney Leadership
in Education Award. For over 20 years, Rabbi
Kentof instilled a sense of Jewish identity in the
children of our congregation, the Jacksonville
community and throughout the Southeast, through
innovative programs, a unique educational style and
genuine concern for the individual. Mazel tov to
Dov & Alina Kentof and family on this well
deserved honor.
L to R: Raffle Co-Chairs, Amy Goodman
and Faye Mizrahi
Raffle Committee:
Helen & Michael DuBow Honorary Chairs
Amy Goodman & Faye Mizrahi... Raffle CoChair
Sandy Zimmerman Patron Tickets
Elyse Whitman Ticket Chair
Susan DuBow Program Chair
Dina Fetner & Karen Gare Decorating
Kim Robbins & Wendy Pozin Patron Gifts
Amy Goodman Graphics
Emilie Christenson Fashion Show Consultant
Robin Allerding
Debbie Banks
Carla Bernard
Shirley Bielski
Lauren Block
Philip Bloom
Naomie Bossen
Elayne Brown
Ana Butensky
Sonya Cohen
Susan Cohen
Linda DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Rhoda Goldstein
Jon Goodman
Sara Gross
Risa Herman
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Heidi Katzin
Samantha Levin
Sue & Mitchell Levine
Marla Lewis
Michelle Margol
Tracy Margol
Betsy Mizrahi
Jack Mizrahi
Steven Mizrahi
Robin Morris
Karen Morse
Rhonda Passink
Andy Raitt
Jeanine Rogozinski
Perrin Rubin
Natalie Sandler
Joan Waitz
Cindy Wohl
Katy Yarish
BruceYergin
Fashion Show Models:
Geoffrey Berlin, Alexandra Block, Megen Block,
Izaak Butensky, Talia Fetner, Jennifer Gartner, Barry
Goodman, Sam Goodman, Seth Goodman, Sydney
Gross, Sami Grossman, Erica Katzin, Sami Katzin,
Anna Levin, Emily Levine, Jenna Levine, Chandler
Luellen, Elana Maiman, Hannah Mizrahi, Rachel
Mizrahi, Jacob Orender, Zachary Orender, Jacob
Pollan, Rebekah Pollan, Avi Rubin, Micah Rubin, Ari
Sandler, Sarit Sandler, Sam Whitman and Aron
Zimmerman.
33
