Special Events
We Gratefully Acknowledge
Our Community Sponsors
Foundmg Sponsors:
X The -g' VIII • -| -|
Jacksonville
“STBank
and The Gottlieb Family
Event Sponsor:
Merrill Lynch
Front 9 Sponsor:
Wachovia
Hole-In-One Cars Sponsor:
Coggin Automotive Group
Corporate Sponsors:
DuBow Family Foundation
Jacksonville Jaguars
Jacksonville Greyhound Racing
Prudential Securities -
The Jaffe Group
Far East Brokers & Consultants
American Fidelity Assurance
Shorstein Family Foundation
Shorstein & Kelly,
Attorneys at Law, PA
The Jim Kennedy Family
Hardage-Giddens
Funeral Homes and Cemeteries
Hole Sponsors
The Allerding Family
Bennetts Business Systems
Block Family Foundation
Blosam Construction/Harris, Guidi
& Rosner, Attorneys at Law
Commercial Coatings, Inc.
Greene-Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Koss - Olinger Financial Services
The Kraemer Family
Mitchell R. Levine, D.M.D.and
Brandon Pest Control
Liberty Furniture
Mardant Electric
Milton, Leach, Whitman, D’Andrea,
Charek & Milton
North Florida Plumbing
The Right Company
River City Security Company
David Robbins, Esquire
The Roey Family
The Rothstein Family
Drs. Ken Sekine & Todd Rasner
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Vandroff Insurance
Daniel F. Wilensky, Esquire
4th Annual JJC Golf Classic
A Big Win for Scholarships.
The Annual JJC Golf Classic, played at the Ponte Vedra Ocean Course,
is one of only three elite charitable events held at the prestigious course. Not
only was it a great financial success, but a GREAT TIME was had by all who
teed off in glorious weather, on a beautiful course. Camaraderie was high and
the competition was keen. Congratulations to all.
The credit for this outstanding program goes to Scott
Allerding, tournament chairman, Lori Schoettler, Center
administrative liaison and the committee. Additional thanks
goes to a great crew of tournament-day volunteers: Robin
Allerding, Helen DuBow, Michelle Margol and Jeanine
Rogozinski.
The Horty T. Gendzier Cup was presented to the
tournament winners: Bill Dennis, Bob Sarvis, Steve
Silverman and Rich Zanghetti.
Horty Gendzier was a major force in Jewish education at the Center.
Her lifelong commitment to Jewish education in Jacksonville paved the way
for countless numbers of children to experience the beauty, worth and
importance of leading a Jewish life. Fulfilling Horty Gendzier s vision, the
mission of the JJC Golf Classic is to make education at the Solomon Schechter
Day School accessible to all Jewish children. This major fundraising event
provides scholarships to any child in need of financial assistance, regardless
of synagogue affiliation.
Horty T. Gendzier CT
Above: Edith Horovitz (l) and her father, Sheldon Gendzier
(r), pose with the receipients (ctr) of the Horty I Gendzier
Cup, presented to the winning team.
35
