Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a
right on 43rd Street and the entrance is at
the next right, which is Liberty Street.
This year, middle school students of
the Solomon Schechter Day School learned,
through the Mitzvah Program, about the
respectful care of the dead, including tending
of burial sites. On a visit to the Old Cemetery,
they discovered that several family plots no
longer had loved ones to maintain them. The
students rolled up their sleeves and, with great care and respect, cleaned the
neglected headstones of a family that been laid to rest more than 50 years ago.
We are proud and grateful to these children for performing an important mitzvah.
Future plans for the cemetery include improvements to the entrances, as
well as additional landscaping. Contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman
Students from Solomon Schechter Day
Schools Mitzvah Program cleaned
unattended headstones.
Hevra Kaddisha
Officers 2003-2004
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President/Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Fred Kupperman
Taharah Committee Chairs
Ilse Gottlieb
Sally Becker
Ava Axelrod
Vice President/Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Judaism is a faith that embraces all of life. Death is part of the cycle of life.
Just as Judaism leads us through moments of joy, so too does it lead us through
moments of grief at a death within our family.
At the time of a death, painful questions and concerns are natural. In the
midst of great loss we must deal with the procedures for proper burial. It is
perplexing to know how to care for the deceased.
It is then that the Hevra Kaddisha fulfills its purpose. First, the tahara,
preparing the deceased for burial, is performed by a committee made up of
caring lay members of the Jewish community. The customs for physical cleansing
and preparation are guided by the precept of respect for the dead mandated by
the Torah. Our members also recite the required prayers asking God for forgiveness
for any sins that may have been committed by the deceased, as well as praying
that the All Merciful guard them in eternal life.
The Jewish community of Jacksonville can feel assured, knowing that we
have a committee that is ready and w illing at all times to be of help. Call any
officer or member for immediate information on our services. WE ARE HERE
FOR YOU.
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
65
