— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Solomon Schechter Day School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
Message from the Principal
The Solomon Schechter Day School has existed for forty-two
years. For many families, the longevity of the school and its record of
placing students in the very best public and private secular school
programs are critical ingredients in choosing S S D S. The efficiency
of a dual-language program is not questioned since our graduates
demonstrate remarkable academic prowess in addition to strong social
and emotional Jewish identity skills.
What makes our institution different from others? Our graduates!
They leave SSDS with a set of experiences, skills, values and a
profound sense of who they are within the context of American society
that cannot be replicated by other area institutions. Their uniqueness
is grounded in our educational program that combines the normative
experiences of what excellent schooling is compiled with the distinctive
aspect of developing a spiritual component that is unique to being
Jewish. We seek to nurture the totality of the human experience for Jewish children in an environment
filled with caring, support, wonder, and excitement. As one parent said to me, “My children go to school
happy and enthusiastic every day. What more can one ask?”
What makes us so special? What are the hallmarks of our strength?
• Care is taken by all to meet academic needs.
• Students feel cared for and respected.
• The environment is warm and intimate.
• In a year fraught with fear and disturbing news in the world,
the school gave its students a sense of security and well-being.
• It has the right balance between General and Jewish studies.
• There is a strong academic and comprehensive curriculum.
• The celebration of Jewish holidays is a very positive and
dynamic experience.
• The school enhances a child’s love and understanding of
all things Jewish.
• Students get a strong, positive Jewish identity.
• Jewish calendar days are a part of the routine, and not incidental.
It is clear that our dual-studies program is considered a unique asset for
the development of our students. It promotes academic excellence and the joy
of being Jewish.
Andy White
School Secretary
Willard M. Kennedy
Principal
89
