Religious School Simchas
Etgar- 7th Grade Graduation
May 22,2003
The Religious School held a graduation ceremony for
the 7th grade on Friday evening, May 16. A wonderful dinner
by Margo’s Catering followed the Shabbat Service in which
the students fully participated. Mazel tov to the families of:
Jacob Allerding, Marcus Bettman, Lindsay Cox, Ariella Fleet,
Adam Friedman, Mathew Glassman, Andrew Goldman,
Elizabeth Goldman, Matthew Harris, Michael Kessler,
Jordan Kress, Neil Maiman, Melissa Neadle, Danielle
Palombo, Max Pittman, Corey Portnoy, Jennifer Richter,
Jonathan Rogozinski, Mark Safer, Rachael Sail, Paul Sandler,
Molly Seebol, Zachary Schemer, Abby Weiss, and Sam
Wyzan, as well as to teacher Scott Zimmerman.
Consecration
Shabbat morning, February 22,2003
For weeks, students of the Aleph class of the Religious
School and the 1st grade of the Solomon Schechter Day
School prepared a very special program for this milestone
in their Jewish education. Each student received a certificate
and a sweet treat from PTA traditionally given to mark a sweet
beginning to their formal Hebrew education. Beautifully
covered siddurim, prayerbooks, were presented to the
students by their parents. In addition, Center Sisterhood gave
each student a bound collection of Leagrams containing well
wishes from family and friends. Todah Rabah to all the
teachers: Rivka Cohen, Paula Horn, Carole Goldberg,
Bonnie Loeser, liana Manasse, Robin Morris and Eta
Perras.
Mazel tov wishes are extended to the families of the
Consecrants: Julia Allerding, Michael Ansbacher, Geoffrey
Berlin, Tori Berger, Julian Cox, Seva Dorn, Samuel
Fleisher, Talia Fetner, Barry Goodman, Alex Gottlieb,
Noah Gottlieb, Shira Kitay, Joshua Kreisel, William
Leonard, Anna Levin, Noah Levin, Eden Margol, Leah
Parker, Ariella Phillips, Jacqueline Phillips, Shaina
Plotkin, David Raikes, Avi Rubin, Marni Sapolsky, Jonah
Schiller, Hannah Sedacca, Sanford Vining, Tyler
Williamson, Samuel Yarish and Richard Zimmerman.
Mechinah- 2nd Grade Graduation
May 1,2003
Students of the 2nd grade Mechinah class were
promoted into the full Religious School during a ceremony
that included receiving their very own mini-torahs and
certificates. Students (pictured 1 to r) Justin Vitiello, Josh
Stevens, Jonathan Waring, Charlie DuBow and (not
pictured) Blair DeCrispino performed newly-learned
blessings and prayers, and read paragraphs they had written
about each Jewish holiday and derech eretz. The Mechinah
class was successfully initiated this past year as a program
to “jump-start” Hebrew skills and to introduce students to
the afternoon school with a Sunday/Wednesday schedule.
Many thanks to teachers Karen Morse and Daphne
Woodard for their hard work.
