The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs
Center Religious School
A Message from the Director
The goal of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Religious School is to educate and
encourage our children as they grow and
take their places among other young
Jewish adults in our community.
The staff is dedicated and nurturing
Students learn through the use of music,
art, drama, mitzvah projects and fun hands-
on holiday projects, as well as excellent
classroom instruction. There are family
programs throughout the year.
Our children also participate in
synagogue-wide programs and many are
eager to lead portions of Shabbat services
in the adult as well as youth services.
In keeping with the new United Synagogue “Framework
of Excellence,” we have reorganized our Religious School
program to include a Sunday component.
Starting this fall, instruction for all grades will include
classes on Sundays from 10 a.m. to 12 noon. The Sunday
program will encompass an exciting variety of arts and crafts,
music and biblical literature, as well as participation in many
creative, hands-on Jewish holiday and life-cycle
dramatizations. In addition, students in the Alef (grade 3)
through Dalet (grade 6) classes will participate each week in
a “Student Minyan” led by Rabbi Grundfast. The Religious
School will round out the curriculum by interfacing with
existing Center Youth and Recreational programs to open
new avenues for interaction.
Optional Family and Parent
Education opportunities will be
incorporated several times throughout the
year. Parents are also encouraged to take
advantage of weekly adult education
classes, monthly brunches and special
events to be held at the Center on Sundays
during Religious School hours.
Weekday classes will continue for
students in grades 3 - 7 on Mondays and
Wednesdays from 4:45-6:45 p.m. The
focus will be on Hebrew instruction, which
will include conversational classes for
those who are further advanced in their
Hebrew studies. These classes are
designed to keep these students challenged
and motivated to proceed at their own rate.
Also resuming will be our successful specialty
programs. The new 2nd grade Mechinah class, which meets
on Sunday and Wednesday, is a bridge into the full Religious
School program. The popular 7th grade Etgar class provides
educational opportunities that capture the interest of young
teens. Weekly Junior and Pre-Junior Congregations will be
held every Shabbat. In addition, a monthly Religious School
Family Shabbat program will take place.
I look forward to extending this wonderful opportunity
to your child and your family! For more information, or to
register your child in any class, please call 268-4200, ext.
145, or stop by the Center Religious School office.
— Lois Tompkins, Religious School Director
Melissa Gibbons
Youth & Education Secretary
Lois Tompkins
Director
Religious School students enacted a Jewish Wedding for students and parents
— Youth Congregations —
Meet Saturdays, 1 la.m.-Noon
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation Grades 3-6
Led by Edith Horovitz
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
Coordinated by Debbie Banks
95
