Center Youth Department
A Message from the Director
Gayle Bailys
Director
It is the goal of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Youth Department to offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate the spiritual and social growth and development of the children of
our congregation. This past year, with the help of the Youth Commission, the youth group
advisors and the youth group boards, a variety of religious, social, athletic and cultural
activities were offered. Opportunities were provided for our children to share fun and
distinctively Jewish experiences with their friends.
We are instilling in our children a sense of pride in their heritage, as well as a
commitment to the ideals of Jewish life. We are helping our young people to develop an
appreciation for our synagogue, and a willingness to work for its betterment. They are
learning to fulfill the social needs of our community, and to participate in many civic
activities. Together, we have experienced the gifts of mitzvot. It is our belief that the
future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming young Jewish leaders.
I’d like to thank all those who gave their time, support and help this past year. I look forward to sharing the
coming year with the youth of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
— Gayle Bailys
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and programs
sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including Chalutzim, Kadima,
USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The committee is made up of youth
group advisors, presidents of our clubs and caring Center members who
believe that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through
participation in innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish
leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer
programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar in
Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome, fun and uniquely Jewish
experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth
Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates
stay connected to the synagogue and community. Four times a year, at Rosh
Hashanah, Chanukah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring
warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with
your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing and email
addresses. Thank you to Stella Finck for her long-standing devotion to this
project.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment.
To oversee these activities, the Youth
Commission and Youth Director, sets the
standards and policies for these programs.
The Youth Commission inducted new youth group
officers, board members and advisors at the annual
Youth Banquet held on Sunday, May 5. The brunch
program was dedicated to “Our Youth - Carrying the
Light into the Future. ”
— Kathy Osterer, Youth Commission Chair
101
