Scouting
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
The World of Cadette/Senior Girl Scouting is an
exciting, challenging experience, that offers new
opportunities for girls to learn about themselves and the
world around them. Girls explore personal interests, develop
a healthy way of life, work on leadership skills and provide
service to their community.
Service is very important to Scouting, so this year
several girls participated in at least two events. Foster parents
have a very difficult job, so the Salvation Army held a holiday
party for their families. Our girls played with the youngest
children at the party, to give the parents a well-deserved
respite. This activity helped the girls earn the “Child Care”
interest patch. Later in the year, all the girls delivered dinner,
prepared by them, to the residents at the Ronald McDonald
House. The staff realized long ago that parents were too
exhausted at the end of a day at the hospital to cook dinner,
so organizations provide
dinner for the residents.
Preparing dinner helped
the girls earn the ‘Creative
Cookery’ interest patch.
Several new skills
were learned this year. A
former caterer taught
how to make edible
decorations, as part of the
“Creative Cookery”
interest patch. The girls
leaned about daycare
options by interviewing
several Moms, and
learned about making
Braille books from a
teacher at the Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind, for
the interest patch, “Child Care.” The girls have a head start
for future employment as they created resumes, for the
interest patch, “Leadership.” These interest patches offered
the girls opportunities to have fun, while learning about
themselves.
jobs and families, always a difficult task. They found out
about salary ranges and training required for five different
careers, as well as about two fields in which women are not
the majority.
Several girls also earned the “Cadette Girl Scout
Challenge” and our Senior girl earned the Senior Girl Scout
Challenge. Girl Scouts are challenged to be the best possible
person they can be. This involves knowing themselves,
relating to others, developing values, contributing to their
community, and knowing about Girl Scouting. The girls
participated in activities from each area, which form the basis
of the Challenge.
Three girls participated in a ski trip to Snowshoe
Mountain in Virginia, which was sponsored by our area
Gateway Council. For Florida girls, this was a real adventure.
They learned the basics of
skiing and had fun in an
environment unfamiliar to
them. Other national and
international trips, through
the Girl Scout’s “Wider
Opportunities” program,
help broaden horizons
through meeting new people,
traveling to different places
and doing new activities.
The year ended in a
Court of Awards and Bridging
ceremony, where 5 Cadette
girls bridged to Senior. The
girls spoke about the fun they
had learning new skills
together. This was a comfortable way for them to learn how
to do something and learn more about each other. They also
expressed their desire to continue to service the community,
so we will plan many more service opportunities next year.
This ceremony was a girl-run event that made all the parents
proud. It was a great ending to a great year!
Two girls earned the “From Dreams to Reality” patch. Thanks to all the parents for their wonderful support
This patch was a way to explore several aspects of many of their daughters and Troop 969!
different careers. The girls learned about how women balance
— Helen Shacter & Shirley Jernigan
111
