Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
Forming a Mitzvah Clown corps at the Center was conceived
by Neil Maiman (at right), as a Bar Mitzvah project. With help
from his parents, Leonardo & Lynn Maiman, Neils idea
blossomed. We express our gratitude to them for bringing this
valuable program to our community.
Amid laughter and a sea of bright colors, fifty Mitzvah
Clowns were “bom” at the Jacksonville Jewish Center in April
2002. The group participated in the inaugural Mitzvah Clown
training session conducted by “Buttercup,” “Sweet Pea” and
“All Ears,” longtime Mitzvah Clowns affiliated with
Congregation B’nai Israel in Millburn, New Jersey and
supported by Danny Siegel’s Ziv Tzedakah Fund. The Mitzvah
Clowns seek to bring smiles and companionship to sick and
aged people while enhancing self-confidence from the joy of
performing mitzvot.
On the first day of training, twenty adults learned
clowning skills and methods of incorporating these skills in
furthering acts of kindness and community service. The next
day, 28 students from Solomon Schechter Middle School and
the Center Religious School’s Etgar class also learned how to
apply clown makeup, perform balloon sculpting and other
skills necessary to become a Mitzvah Clown. The two-day
event culminated in a visit with the residents of Mount Carmel
who greeted the Mitzvah Clowns enthusiastically as they
joined the Mitzvah Clowns in song and dance.
Our new Mitzvah Clowns have been busy since their
initial training: the SSDS 8th graders paid a visit to Wolfson
Children’s Hospital; the SSDS 7th graders visited Mt.
Herman Exceptional Student Center and other Mitzvah
Clowns entertained our children at this month’s Lag B’omer
picnic.
Plans are in the works for additional site visitations as
well as a fall training session. If you are interested in
becoming a Mitzvah Clown, please send a postcard with
your name, address, phone number and e-mail address to
Mitzvah Clowns c/o of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
207
