Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715 • www.jaxjewish.org
— Executive Committee -
President
Guy Benrubi
1st Vice President
Leslie Held
Vice Presidents
Michael Korn
Harris Rittenberg
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Barbara Parker
Treasurer
Mark Shorstein
Secretary
Morton Kesler
Immediate Past President
Mitchell Levine
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation
serves as a central resource for our Jewish
community. In summary, the Federation is
dedicated to providing for the welfare of
every Jewish person living in Jacksonville.
Through a partnership with the United Jewish
Communities, formerly known as UJA, we
are equally committed to the survival of, and
quality of life for, every Jew living in Israel
and throughout the Diaspora.
The five major local recipient agencies
of funds raised by the Federation are the
Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family
& Community Services, River Garden
Hebrew Home, Jacksonville Jewish
Foundation and the Solomon Schechter Day
School. We are proud of the invaluable
services provided by these five outstanding
Jewish agencies. It is a privilege to assist
them in trying to meet their goals.
Jewish education is extremely
important, and the Federation is proud to
support the Solomon Schechter Day School,
Beit Midrash Hebrew High and Etz Chaim
Hebrew Academy. Through the Joan Levin
Gift of Israel program and birthright israel,
Federation is helping to make the dream of a
trip to Israel a reality for Jewish teens and
college youth in our community. All of the
synagogues in our community receive funding
from the Federation campaign.
The Federation is involved with
community relations, leadership development
and Missions to Israel. We will continue to
work in cooperation with our local agencies,
UJC and the synagogues to address the vital
issues and challenges in the entire arena of
Jewish continuity.
Last fall, Federation conducted a
demographic study of our Jewish Community.
The information we are receiving from this
study is going to serve us as we begin this fall
with a Long Range Strategic Planning Process
in cooperation with the synagogues and major
local agencies.
Our Officers and Board of Directors wish
the congregation a happy and healthy New Year.
— Dr. Guy Benrubi, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
P.O.Box 24847 ‘Jacksonville, FL 32241
Phone:904 - 394-0720 • Fax:904 - 394-0956
e-mail: info @ Jacksonville jewishfoundation.org
www. Jacksonville Jewish F oundation.org
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation Board of Trustees wishes you and yours
“L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year”
Mission: To ensure the future of our Jewish community and life with dignity for every Jew.
To ensure that our synagogues and agencies have the financial resources they need so that
generations to come may enjoy our rich Jewish heritage and traditions.
Partnership: Beth El -The Beaches Synagogue, Beth Shalom Congregation, Congregation
Ahavath Chesed (The Temple), Etz Chaim Synagogue, Jacksonville Jewish Center,
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and Community
Services, River Garden Hebrew Home.
Summary: The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is truly our Jewish community Foundation,
providing planned giving and endowment services to our partners in order to further the
stated mission.
B’nai Tzedek: B’nai Mitzvah youth are invited to establish their own B’nai Tzedek funds.
B’nai Tzedek.members participate directly through the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
partnership in implementing a plan to perpetuate the future of the Jacksonville Jewish
community. Participants contribute $125 of their funds, the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
contributes $250. B’nai Mitzvah youth take an active role in giving throughout this Jewish
community.
Book of Life: Imagine a time in the future when a child’s fingers touch a page in the
Foundation Book of Life... The questions begin... why is your name in the inscription in this
precious book of memories? An inscription in The Book of Life is a promise to establish an
Endowment Fund on behalf of any of the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation partners. Leave
your living legacy of caring for those in need... inscribe your story now.
— Foundation —
Board of Trustees
Fiscal Year 2003-2004
Stephen Silverman - President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Michael Donziger *- Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. - V.P.
Mel Gottlieb* - Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe,CIMA
Howard I. Korman, Esq.
Joan Levin
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Neil Presser, CPA - Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
Mark Shorstein, CPA - Sec.
Richard Sisisky
Dr. Roy J. Sloat**
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Dennis Wolfson
Rabbi Eliezer Ben-Yehuda
Barry Zisser, Esq.
♦Past President
•• Of Blessed Memory
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
201
