Community Organizations
American Red Magen David for Israel
Founded in 1930 as a First Aid Society, Magen David
Adorn evolved into Israel’s emergency medical, disaster,
ambulance and healthcare network - 24/7. Every person in
every corner of Israel looks to MDA to perform the usual
tasks carried out by Red Cross Societies throughout the world,
and then some. You are undoubtedly familiar with MDA in
action, having viewed on TV our white and red ambulances
rushing to the scene of the latest terrorist attack. You’ve also
witnessed MDA’s medics, paramedics, drivers and volunteers
working at to save countless lives. The unrelenting atrocities
have placed a heavy toll MDA resources.
Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle and Annual Concert
proceeds this year will be used to purchase depleted medical
equipment and supplies for the Hadera-Eiron Region. If you
would like to make a contribution to this fund, please send a
check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4485 Rock River Road W.,
Jacksonville FL 32224.
Though the symbol of Magen David Adorn, a Red Star
of David, is recognized by the American Red Cross, and the
International Red Cross has finally acknowledged there is a
problem, efforts are still going on to achieve international
acceptance of our symbol. Support for the State of Israel with
a membership of only $25 or $200 Chapter Life and do the
mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh by joining today. Mail to Mitzvah
ARMDI, 9830 Woodrose Lane, Jacksonville, FL 32257
For us it's only a check, for them it could mean life
itself
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University Women’s Committee is really a
misnomer, since our organization has many men, as you will
note from our officer’s list. Our primary goal is financial
support for Brandéis University and its Libraries, as well as
supporting scholarship funding. It connects Brandéis, a
nonsectarian university founded by the American Jewish
Community, to its members and their communities through
programs that reflect the ideals of social justice and academic
excellence.
Brandéis - Jacksonville covers a diverse range of
interests. Our Study Groups offer something for everyone,
from reading books and plays to great dining and more.
Our membership includes couples as well as singles
(women and men). We afford our members the opportunity to
continue learning, as well as the chance to just have fun.
“Traveling Gourmet” features dinners at various area
restaurants with emphasis on the exotic. “Reel Special,” our
movie group, picks films of unusual interest, followed by
dinner and discussion. “Food for Thought” is the strength of
such groups as “Great Literature,” “Current Events,” as well
as many other offerings.
We welcome everyone to join with us in this unique
organization. If you would like additional information, please
contact our Membership Vice President, Estelle Kritz at 636-
6636 or President, Norma Levy at 641-7335.
2003 - 2004 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of Magen David Adorn
President:
MembershipVP:
Membership Chair:
Retention:
Outreach:
Fund Raising VP:
Concert:
Raffle:
Cards/Donations:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Bulletin:
Publicity:
Past President:
At-Large Board:
Emeritus:
Wendy Honigman
Hana Schindler
Lea Gabbay
Joann Arinsberg, Gert Bernhardt,
Judy Levenson
Ray Hardy
Madelyn Glossman
Penny Powell
Bonnie Hardy
Michelle Grossman
Leon Robbins
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Priscilla Schmerer
Elaine Furman
Chiel A. Wind, MD
Hana Bendit, Fern Estner,
Joseph Honigman, MD, Jo Marks,
Hannah Rosenberg, Roccio Wind
Ilse Gottlieb, Carol & Harvey Matoren
2003-2004 Officers
of Brandéis University Women’s Committee
Presidents:
Program VPs:
Membership VP:
Fundraising VP:
Study Group VPs:
Financial Secretary:
Treasurer:
Secretary:
Esther Kahn, Norma Levy
Gaye Feuer, Betsy Pearl
Estelle Kritz
Susan Derby
Rachel Halpern, Hilda Gelfman
Mildred Kaufman
Martin Wolf
Judy Gerson
Directors: Elaine Fendell, Doris Gross, Norma Tasman
Nominating Committee: Betsy Pearl, Chair
Rita Garfinkel, Doris Gross, Anne Brueske, David Selin
205
