JCA
Community Agencies
‘Etcwicl
Jewish Community Alliance
Ory/rf/vo &ct 'P&aJv&v ^orvvrvvt^vt^^ C'0wvvjJ4A¿'
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
■ Board of Directors —
Executive Committee
Kenneth B. Jacobs
President
Margery Serkin
Vice President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Ira Goldfield
Vice President
Steve Sherman
Vice President
Randy Kammer
Secretary
Robin Bass
Treasurer
David Miller
Assist. Sec./Treasurer
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
Our Jewish identity is important. The JCA seeks to create a positive and affirming
environment of Jewish culture and heritage. We strive to welcome all and share our
Jewish traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life,
culture, and community (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish community
(3) enhance the quality of life for all segments of the community and (4) strengthen
family life. The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality
programs for people of all ages including: childcare and family programs, fitness and
recreational facilities and activities, Jewish education, culture and arts programs, and
by providing a place for family, “neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other
local synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and
celebrations.
New classes and programs are always being added to meet the diverse interests of
our members. We serve the Jacksonville Jewish community with programs like the
NAEYC accredited Gan Yeladim preschool, after school care for elementary age youth,
the Challenge Program, Yiddish for Fun, adult Torah study group, classical music
appreciation, pottery classes, children’s birthday parties, computer classes, yoga, aerobics,
Middle School Night Out, Great Books discussion group, swim instruction, gymnastics,
swim team, tennis teams and clinics, aqua aerobics, youth, teen and men’s basketball
leagues, Mommy and Me program, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer program, Theatre of Youth,
summer camp accredited by the American Camping Association and so much more ...
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to
be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to
all. Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs - after all, YOU
ALREADY BELONG.
Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
The River Garden Auxiliary began in 1922 with a small group of
ladies who called themselves the Ladies Hebrew Home Sheltering Aid
Society. The group was formed to help care for residents in the home
on Riverside Avenue. Although as an organization we have grown, our
goals remain the same, to enhance the daily lives of each and every resident.
Our volunteers are an ever-present part of the Home, fulfilling the
needs of our residents with love, a smile, and a tender touch. Their
volunteer time to the Home and residents is given unselfishly and with
a dedication that is unwavering. The Auxiliary also provides financial
support for ancillary needs and services for the residents.
As part of the Auxiliary, you can make a difference. Join us in our
commitment to “Honor thy father and thy mother.”
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2003-2004
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P.:
Membership V.P.:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Andrea Raitt
Alice Sherman
Marilyn Datz
Barbara Safer
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
Vivian Kaplan
202
— Andrea T Raitt, Auxiliary President
