===== PAGE 1 =====
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH
CENTER YEARBOOK
Honoring Raymond Cohen for his lifelong contributions
of time and talent in service to our synagogue.
i
===== PAGE 2 =====
Certain moments in your life require an expert.
...and when it comes to providing asset protection
and money management for your family, we are
the experts.
fl'C/V'/1
OAQSSAK
Companies
9995 Gate Parkway N., Suite 320 • Jacksonville, Florida 32246
904.645.5558 • fax 904.645.5548
Email: d.kossak@thekossakcompanies.com
David A. Kossak. C.E.P.
David Kossak offers securities, products and services through Pruco Securities Corporation, 751 Broad Street, Newark, NJ 07102
===== PAGE 3 =====
Table of Contents
Yearbook Staff
Photographers: Robin AHerding, Amy Goodman,
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast, Ken Organes, Pamela
Maman, Robin Morris, Andy Raitt and Ramfis.
Proofreaders: Dorothy Cohen, Rhoda Goldstein, Edith
Horovitz, Rachel Organes and Lori Schoettler.
Records: Inez Achord, Melissa Gibbons, Dereen
Murray, Betty Rose, Shirley Thacker and Robyn
Sabatt-Waring.
To Our Advertisers:
We extend our gratitude, not only for making
this publication possible, but also for the support
you lend to our many activities. We urge our
members to reciprocate with their patronage.
About the Cover:
Dedicating this Yearbook to Raymond
Cohen is especially fitting, for he has been
involved with the Center Yearbook in a variety
of roles for some 50 years. During that time,
he created or consulted on almost half of the
covers, served on the advisory committee,
produced ads and layouts, and was editor of
the award-winning Centennial issue.
When informed by the Board of this
honor, Raymond was overwhelmed, but true
to his volunteer spirit, offered to do the cover
of this issue.
In a play on Norman Rockwell, Raymond
has created a drawing that crystallizes past and
present in a dejavu experience. In his youth and
in his prime, Raymond has not wavered from
his love of Judaism as expressed through art,
music and devotion to the synagogue. With
humor and candor, Raymond reveals that he
has matured but is still vibrant and vital, ever
ready to apply his talents in service to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
ADMINISTRATION
Board of Directors 12
Center Personnel 9
Executive Director’s Message 7
Officers 13
Past Presidents 15
President’s Message 11
Rabbi Grundfast’s Message 5
CALENDARS 167-179
CENTER ORGANIZATIONS/ COMMITTEES
Adult Education 29
Center Cemetery/Hevra Kaddisha 65
Choir, Reach-to-the-Beach, Singles 17
Greeters, Minyan Captains, Library, Ushers 23
Membership Committee 27
Men’s Club 20-21
Religious Committee, Shabbat Liturgy, Torah Readers 25
Sisterhood 18-19
COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS 201-207
COMMUNITY/SYNAGOGUE PHONE LISTING 118
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 209-215
DIRECTORY OF SUPPORTERS 119-165
DEDICATION TO RAYMOND COHEN i
EDUCATION
Beit Midrash 99
Day School Principal’s Message 89
Day School Classes,Teachers, Activities 88-94
Early Childhood Director’s Message 83
Early Childhood Classes, Activities 84-87
Preschool/Day School PTA 90
Religious School Classes, Activities 96-97
Religious School Director’s Message 95
Youth Congregations 95
GREETINGS 181-199
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 41-45
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 47-55
Weddings 57-63
Dear Departed 67
MEMORIALS 69-81
RECREATION
Basketball 116-117
Center Day Camp 115
SPECIAL EVENTS
Confirmation 99
Consecration, Etgar Graduation, Mechinah Graduation 98
JJC Golf Classic 35
Holiday Celebrations 39
Performing Artists Series 37
Raffle for Education 32-33
Simhat Torah Honorees 31
YOUTH
Scouting 111-113
Center Youth Commission 101
Chalutzim, Kadima, USY 103-107
Summer Programs 109
Youth Director’s Message 101
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
Wkk ThejAmw!. ojfr úvmm FmhÁwtoj Show
76ÜÜ Bianding Blvd
2 Minutes North of 295
On Bianding Blvd
VJKUnJJLL'l 1 I Meet
on Bianding Boulevard!
2003 Acura
004Acura
2003 Acura
2003 Acura
2004Acura
2003 Acura
SERVICE HOURS:
MOIMDAY-FRIDAY
7AM-8PM
SATURDAY 7AM-5PM
SUNDAY 12PM-7PM
MONDAY - SATURDAY SAM-SPM
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
A Tribute to Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Art, music and love of Judaism have always
been intertwined in the life of Raymond Cohen, and
he has never hesitated to share his talents with
enthusiasm and grace. He is a longtime friend to
many in our congregation, and exemplifies the best
that the Jacksonville Jewish Center has to offer.
Raymond’s personal history is tightly woven
into the history of this congregation. His life spans
the generations and is a bridge to the future.
Bom in Jacksonville on
January 4, 1921, Raymond
was the youngest of the four
children of Ida and Joseph
Cohen. The couple, like other
Pusheloters, helped start this
congregation and were
founding members of B’nai
Israel, as our synagogue was
then named.
Jewish education was especially precious to
Raymond’s mother, whose own father had been a
Yeshiva student in Lithuania. Naturally, Eddie, Macy,
Bessie and Raymond were enrolled in Hebrew
school at the synagogue on Jefferson and Duval.
Raymond would later become Bar Mitzvah on the
pulpit of the new Jacksonville
Jewish Center at 3rd and
Silver. It was there, that he
learned to daven with devotion
and began to develop his
unparalleled hazzanuut.
As a teen in the 1930s,
Raymond joined one of the
youth groups that were bringing
the spirit of Zionism to
communities like ours. In
Rothchild Young Judea,
Raymond experienced the
satisfaction of volunteering for Jewish causes, that
would carry over into adulthood.
i
===== PAGE 6 =====
From childhood, Raymond
displayed a gifted vocal talent. A
seasoned junior Cantor at 13, he
joined the adult choir and began nearly
70 years as featured soloist in the
Center’s Friday night, holiday and
concert choirs. At 82 years old, his
singing is still an inspirational highlight
of our High Holiday services.
On March 12, 1939 at age 18,
Raymond made his stage debut in the original operetta
called “The Wedding.” It was touted as the “most
elaborate and most beautiful [musical] ever given in
Jacksonville by the Jewish community.” The love story
had 6 scenes and twenty pieces of music based on Jewish
folk songs and fragments of folklife in Eastern Europe.
Raymond’s magnificent tenor voice would win him a
scholarship to Stetson University.
r to l: Isidor Setzer, Irving Slott, May Schweitzer, Meyer Leibovitz,
Sylvia Price, Morris Nimovitz, Raymond Cohen, Leo Moskovitz,
Mrs. Abraham Prattler, Melvin Margol.
On a parallel course with his musical development,
Raymond’s artistic talents came to the forefront. He was
awarded a scholarship to the Ringling School of Art,
attended the University of Florida, the Long School of
Art and later, New York University.
World War II interrupted Raymond’s education, but
the skills he had already acquired allowed him to rise
above the ordinary tasks of
a foot-soldier. He was
assigned to the U.S. Army
Printing Plant in Orlando.
Among other things, he
designed recruitment posters
and materials for the
Officer’s Club. Raymond
was chosen to be part of a
drafting team that worked on
plans for air strips, as well as
the Norden bombsite.
Raymond never strayed from his Jewish roots.
Soon he became the Cantor for Friday night Services on
the base. He also designed a portable Aron Kodesh that
was used by Jewish chaplains in the field.
After one Shabbat evening Service, Raymond was
introduced to a cute WAAC from New York, named
Dorothy Berger. It was love at
first sight and 6 months later the
couple was married by the base
chaplain. They have been making
beautiful music together ever
since. This November, Dorothy
and Raymond will celebrate their
60th wedding anniversary.
Upon his honorable discharge, Raymond returned
to Jacksonville to begin civilian life, as a young husband
and new father to son, Jerry. In time there would be two
daughters, Peggy and Karen.
Raymond now pursued his passion for art, as a
profession, in the advertising department of Cohen
Brother’s, where he became Advertising and Sales
Promotion Manager. At the request of his brothers,
Raymond opened and managed the successful Toy Fair
store in San Marco, but soon returned to advertising.
Over the next three decades, he built the Raymond Cohen
Advertising Agency into an award-winning, regional firm.
All the while, Raymond continued to sing. In 1948,
Cantor Abraham Marton formed the first mixed chorus
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. He introduced liturgical
and popular Jewish music written by world-famous
composers. Raymond became his star male vocalist and
performed stirring solos in Services, as well as in concert
with the Choral Society. The choir even performed on
television.
A clipping from the Times Union shows (r to l) accompanist Jimmy
Crosland, Cantor Marton, Reba Torn, Leo Moskovitz, Raymond
Cohen and Celia Bressler rehearsing for a concert in 1950.
===== PAGE 7 =====
In the 1950s and 60s, a
wedding at the Center wasn’t
complete unless Raymond
Cohen sang. It was a present to
the bride that he enjoyed as
much as the guests. In addition
to friends and congregants,
Raymond sang at all the
weddings of his children. He was even invited to perform
at the U.S. Senate Dining room for the wedding reception
of Senator George McGovern’s daughter.
Though he has been cast in
many roles in community plays
and operas, Raymond has always
been a willing participant in our
home-grown theatrical productions
for holidays, Center variety shows
and special events.
Raymond has a terrific sense of humor, but he is
very serious about his artistic contributions to the Center.
He has produced numerous brochures and programs, as
well as the creative service booklet that was used for
many years on the second day of Rosh Hashanah. He
was also a member of the sanctuary design committee.
Raymond designed the
Center Centennial logo
used on printed pieces, a
commemorative pin and a
ceremonial menorah, as well
as the Yom HaMorim torch
representing 100 years of
Education at the Center.
Raymond’s devotion to the Center Yearbook has
been extensive and on-going since the early 50s. Although
many people are familiar with his design work, Raymond’s
fine drawings and paintings of religious and secular
subjects grace the walls of many congregants’ homes.
Several have been reproduced on covers of the Yearbook.
In addition, Raymond has worked behind the scenes as a
print advisor, ad and layout artist, and editor. The Center
Yearbook staff is extremely proud to honor Raymond
and express their appreciation for all his efforts. He has
added immeasurably to the success of the publication.
Behind every great man their is a great woman.
Dorothy has been Raymond’s soulmate, partner, critic,
advisor and biggest fan. Together they have created a
meaningful Jewish life for themselves and their children
based on family traditions. Holiday observance, Jewish
education, tzedakah, ethical behavior, respect for the
elderly, love of the synagogue and involvement in the
community were taught to their children by example.
Both Jerry and Peggy (Organes) began their formal
education in the Center’s Kindergarten, Hebrew and
Sunday Schools. There was no double standard, each
was expected to study for Bar and Bat Mitzvah.
Raymond supervised the training at home, spending
countless hours listening to haftarahs and prayers. He is
planning to duplicate his own Bar Mitzvah next January
at age 83.
Daughter, Karen (Morse), was enrolled in the first
class of the Center’s Foundation School. Later all of the
Jacksonville grandchildren would receive a Solomon
Schechter education.
Family is everything to Raymond. Growing up at
the Center, most everyone was his family. The term
“Center Family” was real. More than that, was the deep
relationship he had with his mother and brother, Macy.
Taking the children to their
grandmother’s house for Shabbat
and holidays became a ritual
Raymond and Dot passed down to
their own grandchildren. David and
Rachel Organes were literally
taught the Kiddush as babes in
arms. Now Ben, Maci and Trudy
Morse take turns leading each
week. Gainesville granddaughter,
Marsha Cohen davens in her shul.
And of course the singing at Seders is rich with harmony,
when the Cohen clan gathers from all over.
After Macy died, Raymond said Kaddish at each
minyan, joined by son-in-law, Ken. They both became
regulars and were minyan captains for a number of years.
Raymond still davens on Monday mornings, with son-
in-law, Todd, and grandson, Ben in attendance.
Raymond continues to lead an admirable life and
has received the accolades of our congregation, including
that of Hatan Torah. But he considers his biggest success
to be in the lives of his children and grandchildren.
Following his lead, they sing in the choir, take leadership
roles in the congregation, plan and participate in synagogue
celebrations, and even work on the Yearbook.
Mazel Tov to Raymond, Dorothy and their family
on this well-deserved honor. Through your example,
others will be inspired to contribute their time and talent
to the Jacksonville Jewish Center, keeping our congregation
vibrant for generations to come.
If there’s a Purim speil,
Raymond will be in it. One his
favorite roles was Mordechai, in “Esther and the King of
Shushan,” a costume
musical directed by
Marilyn Garber. He has
been the emcee for a
string of hilarious, adult,
Shushan Purim dinners.
He even played, what
else, the “cantor” in this
year’s Purim play.
iii
===== PAGE 8 =====
Si
/
our synagogue
A Expression of Esteem for Raymond Cohen
from Rabbi Stephen and Judy Grundfast and Family
As the great King David was about to leave
this earth, the Tanach records his final words, in
the book of Second Samuel, chapter 23, “The
spirit of the Lord spoke to me, and His word
was in my tongue.”
David was called N'eem zemirot Yisraeyl,
the sweet singer of Israel, for through his music
and singing he was able to become ever closer
to God and serve the Almighty with all his soul
and all his might.
A great honor has been bestowed upon our
own sweet singer of Israel, Raymond Cohen.
For many years his voice has filled the hearts of
our congregants with a beautiful voice that has
touched and transformed our souls. Raymond
speaks to God as he lifts his voice in song with
great kavanah, spirit.
The Talmud states, “...the essential in the
music of the (ancient) Sanctuary was the singing
with the mouth, the instrument music being just
for sweetening the sound.” Raymond is essential
to the Jacksonville Jewish Center for he sweetens
our worship each and every time he shares his
sacred talent with us, be that on the Yamim
Noraim, Selichot night or at special
congregational occasions.
But even more important than his
beautiful singing voice is Raymonds sweetness
as a human being. Raymond is a gutte neshamah,
a good soul, with a kind word for everyone he
meets. His smile is infectious and we all should
emulate his gentleness and compassion for
others.
There is a lesson to be learned from the
two seas in the Land of Israel. The Jordan River
feeds into the seas with sparkling water from
the hills above. The first sea is fresh with a
multitude of fish in its waters and lush vegetation
on its banks. The Jordan River continues to flow
southward into another sea, but there are no
fish to be found and its banks are barren.
What makes this mighty difference
between these two seas? It is not the Jordan
River. It empties the same good water into both.
This is the difference:
The Sea of Galilee receives but does not
keep the Jordan. For every drop that flows into
it, another drop flows out. The giving and
receiving go on in equal measure.
The other sea is much different. It hoards
its incoming water with great jealousy. It has no
such generosity as the first sea. Every drop it
acquires it keeps.
The Sea of Galilee gives and lives. The other
sea cannot sustain life. It is called the Dead Sea.
There are two kinds of seas in the Land of
Israel, and there are two kinds of people in the
world. Raymond Cohen is our Sea of Galilee.
He gives with great joy to all who know and
love him. And each of us receives the great
benefit of his sweetness.
We hope and pray that God grant
Raymond many more years of life and song so
that he can share his special and holy talents with
us all. May he truly go from strength to strength.
With fondest regards,
Rabbi Stephen and Judy Grundfast and Family
iv
===== PAGE 9 =====
for his lifelong contributions
Honoring Raymond Cohen
mtributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
In Appreciation of Raymond Cohen
From Rabbi S’ Inge Gaffney
In Exodus 25, the Torah describes God’s
command to Moses to build a Tabernacle with all the
requisite furnishings —an Ark to house the tablets with
the inscribed Ten Commandments; the Menorah, the
Altars; a Table for Showbread, etc. Moses is,
understandably, overwhelmed. His greatest
responsibility is to lead the people of Israel through
the wilderness to the Promised Land. He lacks the
time, the skills, as well as the aesthetic wherewithal to
undertake a project as significant as fashioning a
Tabernacle.
But God has commanded - “Let them make me
a sanctuary so that I may dwell within them”. (Exodus
25:8)
Sensing Moses’ dilemma, God offers - “see I have
singled out to assist you, Bezalel. I have endowed him
with Divine Spirit, with aesthetic skill and knowledge
in every craft. (Exodus 31: 3-5) Commentators explain
the words “singled out” to signify Bezalel’s unique and
exemplary reputation, because he used his talent and
skill For the most worthy of purposes - creating a
sanctuary where God’s presence would be found.
Moses is relieved. A sanctuary, a place of holiness
requires more than the efforts of one man, one leader -
even a Moses -but the assistance and support of those
who are filled with skill and talent and the spirit of
God.
For the twenty-nine years of my association with
the Jacksonville Jewish Center my Bezalel was Raymond
Cohen. His service to the Center is of even longer
duration - a total of sixty-nine years. Blessed with
artistic skill and an aesthetic sense, Raymond willingly
and generously shared his talent, sensitivity and
devotion with the Center.
As titular leader of the Center Chorale Society
for about twenty years, Raymond’s beautiful tenor voice
moved countless worshippers with his renditions of
u’v’SHOFAR GADOL YI-TA-KA of the u’n’TANEH TOKEF
prayer. Can anyone forget his rendering of ZAHARTI
lach of the High Holiday Musaf Service?
Raymond’s voice in concert with other choir
voices enhanced our holiday services, late Friday evening
services, Confirmation services, etc. Raymond
volunteered his talent on other occasions - Shushan
Purim, Center Raffles, evenings that featured talent
programs, Israel Bond programs and for many occasions
throughout the year.
It was not only with his voice that Raymond
moved us. His artistic skills were put to use in service
of Center Yearbook covers, advertising campaigns for
building fund efforts; when we celebrated the 100th
anniversary of the founding of the Center and for many
other comparable occasions.
Equally gratifying to me were the ten years in
which Raymond served as a Monday morning minyan
captain. Countless people who needed the comforting
support of a minyan when they were saying Kaddish
were assured that a minyan would be available because
of Raymond’s devotion. His own “menschlikheit” helps
to explain his being “singled out” - as he is this year;
his exemplary reputation as the Bezalel of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The Center has always been a second home to
Raymond and his ayshet ci-layil —his “Woman of Valor”
-his beloved Dot. How gratified they are to experience
their children and grandchildren joining the Center
Choir, adding their own voices to the Service of God,
making for a perfect harmony —not only of voices -
but of a beautiful family harmony, as well. Their
children Peggy and Ken, Karen and Todd and their
grandchildren David, Rachel, Ben, Maci and Trudy
nave looked to the Center as a place in which to flourish
Jewishly. Their children Jerry and Sherry and
granddaughter Marsha, when visiting from Gainesville,
recognize that Raymond and Dot enjoy the love and
respect of so many Center friends. May their lives
continue to be rich with happiness -as they have
enriched our lives. May they celebrate many happy
occasions with their entire family including their
grandchildren Tavi and Grant, Michael and Michelle,
and great grandchildren Shannon, Evan and Matthew.
Inge and I join all of our Center friends in wishing
Raymond and Dot a long and healthy life, filled with
joy and happiness and naches and the satisfaction that
comes in the knowledge that they have helped to create
a Tabernacle —a sanctuary -our beloved Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
Best wishes for a healthy and
meaningful Shanah Tovah to all.
— Rabbi & Inge Gaffney
v
===== PAGE 10 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Mazel Tov
to my wonderful, lovingpartner in life
for the many years of love and devotion to his family,
as well as his deep dedication
to the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
May you continue to share your many talents
with the congregation for many years to come.
My love to you,
Dorothy
===== PAGE 11 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Congratulations Papa
For generations we have heard Ema say, “Be quiet, your father/
your grandfather/your great-grandfather is singing!”
It is hard to remember a time at the Center when you weren’t
the featured soloist, performing with the family in a play, singing at
a wedding, or leading services. You have become so much a part of
what the Center is, that it could never be the same without you.
To paraphrase Kohelet, “Rabbi’s have come and gone, and the
Cantor also changes, but it appears that the indelible imprint of
your spirit will abide in our hearts and souls forever.”
This is your legacy. Yasher koach.
Jerry & Sherry Marsha
Michelle, Mike & Matthew Tavi, Grant, Shannon & Evan
vii
===== PAGE 12 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Jacksonville Jewish Center Groundbreaking, December 20, 1987
“And all thy children shall be taught the Lord, and great shall be the peace of thy
children.” - Isaiah. Rabbi Hanina said of that passage, “Read not banayich, thy
children, but bonayich, thy builders, for the children are the builders of our future.”
Dad, you have built a rich life, for yourself and your family, based on the wisdom
of Judaism and a heartfelt calling to use your talents in service to our congregation.
You taught us by your example and we have tried to teach our children, in turn.
The Torah tells us that when the Sanctuary was to be built, God “called” the artist
and filled him with wisdom, understanding and knowledge that his works might
inspire and uplift others.
Dad, you have been blessed with an exceptional talent, both for the visual arts and
for music, which you used to fashion a fulfilling creative career and rewarding vocal
avocation. But by answering the call, using your gifts for the benefit of the synagogue,
you have achieved far greater success — you are an inspiration. “The highest artist,
in the eyes of Jewish teachers of all generations, is not the master of self-expression
but of self-control — he who fashions himself into a sanctuary.” You are that artist.
Dad, you and Mom have our love, our respect and our gratitude, always,
Peggy, Ken, David and Rachel
viii
===== PAGE 13 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Papa
“Did you ever know that you re my hero?
And everything I would like to be.
I could fly higher than an eagle,
with you as the wind beneath my wings. ’
We love you.
Karen, Todd, Ben, Mad, Trudy & Kate
ix
===== PAGE 14 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Mazel Tov
to my dear brother-in-law
Raymond.
This is a well-deserved honor.
My love and best wishes
for continued health and happiness
to you, Dot and all the children.
Myra Cohen
===== PAGE 15 =====
for his lifelong contributions
Honoring Raymond Cohen
mtributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
To Raymond
In appreciation of your sincere devotion,
leadership and unmatched talent,
all these many years in the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Choir and Choral Society.
May you continue to inspire us,
and all who hear your beautiful voice,
for many years to come.
With love,
Your Fellow Choir Members and Supporters
Yitzhak Ben- Moshe
Karen Dubin
Ruchel Broadman
Margaret Fleet
Lois Gosa
Debbie Kaye
Henry Lasris
Stevie Levine
Pearl AAarton
Karen Morse
Judy Geller Nevel
David Organes
Peggy Organes
Rachel Organes
David Schmerer
Beth Shorstein
Rebecca Shorstein
Anita Solomon
Steve Solomon
Rebecca Zapen
===== PAGE 16 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Congratulations on the many
years of joy you have brought to
so many people.
I sat next to you at an event for
the Solomon Schechter Day
School and had the personal
experience of hearing your
beautiful voice.
Barbara Parker
xii
===== PAGE 17 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen _ ^
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Every man has three names:
The one his mother andfather gave him,
the one others call him and
the one he acquires himself
Mazel Tov Raymond
for acquiring a name foil of honor
and distinction
Bruce, Edith, Sam and Max Horovitz
Our synagogue and our community have
from your many talents.
Mazel Tov on a job well done!
With our very best wishes,
Joe Mizrahi and Bonnie Gelman
Ed 8» Judy Mizrahi
Jack 8> Nancy Mizrahi
Bruce & Jan Glassman
Alan & Mauri Mizrahi
xiii
===== PAGE 18 =====
fff'A
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Mazel Tov to Raymond Cohen
We wish you and your family continued good
health and fortune. May you have much
happiness and satisfaction from your
involvement in Jewish life at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and the community at large.
Rabbi Dov 6? Alina Kentof
Mazel Tov and Love
Liz 6? Harvey Gartner
Tiffany
and Jennifer
Mazel Tov
for a well-deserved tribute,
Raymond Dorothy
and Family:
Life-long friends, your
painting on canvas greets us
in our home, and you are
etched in our hearts forever.
Ted 6? Eunice Gross
and Family
xiv
===== PAGE 19 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Mazel Tov
to a generous, talented and
gracious man.
Thank you for sharing
your love of Jewish music
and art with all of us.
We are so lucky to have you.
Best wishes for health and
happiness to your entire,
wonderful family.
Alexine Miller
Mazel Tov
on this well-deserved honor.
Thank you for sharing your
wonderful voice with
all of us all of these years.
We think you are the best!
Dr. Manny 6?
Rita Diamond Stearman
It is with great pleasure and
pride that we honor
Raymond Cohen.
His faithful dedication to this
congregation spans a lifetime,
and sets a high standard of
volunteerism for other
members to follow.
The Officers 6? Board
of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Mazel Tov & Thank You
for sharing your creative and musical
talents with our Center family.
We wish you and your loved ones
continued good health and happiness.
Shirley 6? Abe Bielski
It has been an extreme pleasure to be
associated with you, Raymond, for sixty
years. Your participation in the choir
and artwork in the Yearbook reflect
that you are an outstanding member
of the Center family. May you continue
to enjoy health and length of days.
Joel Bressler
xv
===== PAGE 20 =====
"vvSah Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Were so proud of our “Papa”
Jean
Tavi, Grant, Shannon & Evan
Michael, Michelle S> Matthew
Mazel Tov, Best Wishes
and Happy New Year
to Raymond, Dorothy & Family.
Bennie Hoffenbers
A Special “Thank You'
to Raymond for all his years
of dedicated service to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The DuBow Family
To one of the Centers most talented
volunteer: Mazel Tov to you on
over sixty years of gracing us
with your voice, as well as your art,
andforgiving with your heart.
With love and appreciation,
Phyllis 6? George Levin
Mazel Tov Uncle Raymond,
Aunt Dot and Family!
Were so proud of your for so many reasons,
among them your devotion to your
synagogue. Your tireless contributions of
talent, time and energy will be a legacy
cherished by many We love you,
Joel, Linda 6? Annie Eizenstat
Dear Ray
This is long overdue and so well deserved.
Thank you fiom the bottom of our hearts
for your dedication, the dedication you
and Dorothy have instilled in your family
andfor your music. Especially your
beautiful music.
Love, Stevie, Bill, Aaron S’
Samantha Levine
We have always been thrilled by your
beautiful voice. We wish you good
health and happiness in the future.
Stacey, David, Michael
8> Brandon Epstein
Kol Ha Kavod
in honor of your dedication
and service to the Jacksonville Jewish
Center and the community.
Hibby S> Betty Ann Margol
xvi
===== PAGE 21 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen .
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue ^
Dear Raymond, Dorothy and Family,
You have shared so much and brought
so much joy to us. You have been like
family to me. You all have a special
place in my heart. May you go from
strength to strength. Hazak v’Ematz.
judy Naftulin Geller Nevel
Heartfelt Mazel Tov
wishes to a very good friend.
Joni £? Harry Shmunes
and Family
Raymond
Thank you for your leadership and
dedication to the choir. We wish you
and yourfamily health and happiness.
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby and Jesse Rauchwarger
Mazel Tov
to the Cohen Family.
— a beautifulfamily
with beautiful voices —
Risa and Jodi Schneider
You inspire us with your song, and
honor us with your friendship.
Mazel Tov, Ray!
Jay 8* Cathy Sandler
Thank you for your years of service
to our congregation.
Helen, Joe, Debbie and
Stephanie Shacter
Mazel Tov on your well-deserved
honor. Thanks for years of dedication
and friendship. Our best wishes
to you and your loved ones.
Howard, Audrey, Dale, Jack
and Shirley Schemer
Congratulations, Mazel Tov and Best
Wishes to Raymond, Dorothy and Family!
What an honor! Your dedication and hard
work deserve recognition. We also think
you re terrific for the love and care you
willing provide our wonderful aunt,
Myra Cohen. Thank you,
Jan Sugarman and Brian Kantor
xvii
===== PAGE 22 =====
Jt ''^ Raymond,
your creativity and dedication to the Center
has been an inspiration to us all. Thank you
for sharing your many talents. Our Best,
Isabel 6? Alan Balotin
To our friend Raymond and Family
Mazel Tov on this well-deserved honor.
With love,
Hank, Ellen Lauren 8* Jessica Kopp
and Phyllis 6? Stuart Fried
Mazel Tov! Thank you for all your wonderful
contributions through the years.
The Frisch Families
We appreciate your artistic talents! Mazel Tov!.
Arlene, Ben, Heath S’ Micah Lewis
and Hannah Rosenberg
A man for all seasons and many talents.
Best wishes for optimum health and happiness.
Leo 6> Joanne Davis
Nancy & Rich, Lesley 6* Jeff,
Amy & Brian, and Mary
You havefound the “key”
to helping your beloved congregation!
Marilyn & Mike Mass
Mazal Tov to Raymond, Dorothy and your
lovely big family on a great honor.
Best wishes to you all.
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
and Galina & Brian Wolinetz
Mazel Tov to a real mensch from the officers,
board and members of your brotherhood.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
Men’s Club
Thanks Raymond, for your many years
of service to the Canter and to us.
Bill & Beverly Goldstein
Dear Raymond, Mazel Tov to you for your
lifelong service to our synagogue. You are truly
an inspiration to all of us. Much love from,
The Ruby Family
Thank you for sharing your many talents and
your dedication to the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Renee & Alan Gordon
Mazel Tov and Best Wishes Raymond
Dorothy and your entire talentedfamily.
Molly 6? Jack Silverman
Mazel Tov and Best Wishes
Rabbi - Dr. Joseph Hirsch
Yasher Koach for setting an example
of exceptional volunteerism for all to follow.
The Jacksonville Jewish
Center Sisterhood
Mazel Tov to my friend Raymond
for a well-deserved tribute.
Lillian Koegler S» Family
Congratulations & Best Wishes to Raymond
Cohen and Family Thank you for your many
outstanding years of service to the Center
You are greatly appreciated.
Sylvia Wexler
xviii
===== PAGE 23 =====
Honoring Raymond Cohen
for his lifelong contributions of time and talent in service to our synagogue
Mazel Tov on this much deserved honor.
It’s always a pleasure working with you.
Gayle Bailys S’ Family
Raymond,
you have always been artistic and creative.
Julie Halpern
Thanks and appreciation for enhancing our Services.
Dr. Harold £? Rita Baumgarten
With my most sincere admiration and congratulations.
Ray Hardy
You have volunteered your Center years
with creativity and reverence
Anne Benjamin
Many more years of health and happiness.
Hilda Lewit fi? Morris Schemer
Thank youfor years of devoted service to the
Center Choral Society and the Yearbook.
Carla 6» Larry Bernard
I will treasure the 2003-04 Yearbook dedicated to you.
Mazel Tov to you all. With love,
Pearl Marton
Mazel Tov & Best Wishes
Annette £? Leon Bernstein
Mazel Tov on a well-deserved honor.
Mel 6? Jeanette Newman
Thanks for your years of dedicated service.
Naomie 6? Bob Bossen
Raymond Mazel to you and your entire family
Lita 6? Ron Poehlman
Mazel Tov on your honor
and thank you for the many years of beautiful music.
Ruchel 6? Stephen Broadman
Yasher Koach to Raymond and family.
Marsha 6? Ronnie Pollock
Mazel Tov & Sincerest Best Wishes
Elayne Brown
Thank you for your many years of devoted service.
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler, Herman £? Judy Paul
Mazel Tov! Raymond & Dorothy, you have a special
place in our hearts. With warm affection,
Martin Cox, Dereen Murray, Lindsay 6? Julian
Mazel Tov — honor, well-deserved
Minnie Schreiber
Mazel Tov, Raymond.
Your contributions have been many.
Charlotte Fialkow
Mazel Tov for your many years of dedication
to our synagogue
Blanche Slott
Mazel Tov & Best Wishes!
Margaret S* Joel Fleet
You deserve this great honor.
Ina & Alan Taffet
Best Wishes & Mazel Tov!
Mel S’ Cynthia Freidlin
Dear Raymond, May you go from strength to strengh!
Jean Weinberg
Mazel Tov to you and your family!
Marilyn £? Harold Garber
Mazal Tov on your honor!
Cindy, Daniel, Michael 6? Mitchell Wohl
Congratulations!
Bernice 6? Irvin Gherlerter
Mazel Tov to our Jewish Von Trapp Singers.
Elsie Yellin
Mazel Tov. Wishing you and your family good health.
Rose Goldberg
Your chanting of our beautiful cantorial liturgy is a
musical inspiration for me and all who hear you.
Rebecca Zapen, Lois & Dale Gosa E? Family
Mazel Tov for well-deserved recognition
Maury S’ Hilda Goldstein
Congatulations on an honor well-deserved.
Zipora Zucker
xix
===== PAGE 24 =====
A Prayer for the New Year
Dear God,
Creator and Sustainer of all, who has breathed the spirit of life into dust, we the
children of the people of Israel, assembled in holy congregations this year on the holy
days of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, bend our heads before you in thankfulness
and deep gratitude for all the favors and kindnesses, that you have shown in mercy to
us during the past year that is now passing into eternity.
In humbleness and silence, do we accept all the woes and afflictions that You, in
your wisdom and mercy, permitted to befall us.
We pray to you, O Lord, to bestow upon us, and upon all your children, for this
coming year, from the multitude of bounties, to the gift of life, to have a healthy
existence, to the full use of all the faculties of body and mind. Purify the hearts and
guide the minds of people so that your gift of life may not be put to vain and foolish
use. May this coming year of 5764 contribute towards the realization in the life of
humankind of the vision of the Prophets, the vision so beautifully formulated in our
prayer to you on this day, “Rule Thou alone, O Lord, over all Thy creatures.”
It is to strive to bring glory to your name, to help to establish justice and peace
among people, to aid in the restoration of Israel, their people, to the soil you have
ordained for it from old, to strive to implant in the hearts of our children love and
knowledge of the Torah and the Jewish faith, that we pray, O Lord, “Remember us
unto life, O King! Thou who delights in life, and write us in the book of life for Thy
sake, O God of life.”
Amen
To all our friends, a year of peace and good health, and to children everywhere, we pledge our efforts to improve the world.
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc.
Goldie Portnoy
Jerry & Barbara Portnoy and Family Michael & Andrea Portnoy and Family
Richard & Rhonda Passink and Family
with the hope that it will nurture some reflections on the High Holidays. It is presented with wishes for a healthy, happy New Year.
4
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 25 =====
A Message from Rabbi Grundfast
Teshuvah - Our Journey Towards Wholeness
The Yamim Noraim, High Holy Days,
beckon us to alter our lives and become
better Jews and human beings, in our fast
moving and highly technological society, we
sometimes leave little space or occasion for
personal reflection and spiritual growth.
Many of us today feel as if we have become
exiled from God’s holy presence by our
mistakes, unfulfilled obligations and missed
opportunities.
Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur should
make us tremble as we stand not only in
God’s judgment, but perhaps even more importantly, in
judgment of ourselves. The Talmud speaks of three books
that are opened at this time of year, namely, a book for the
thoroughly righteous; one for the thoroughly wicked and a
third one for all the intermediate. (Talmud, Rosh Hashanah
16b). According to this rabbinic legend, God scrutinizes our
actions and our names are thus inscribed in one of those
heavenly ledgers.
For me, this well-known Talmudic passage is a
metaphor for the hard and arduous task of self-judgment. We
ourselves are endowed with the power and ability to “move”
God’s hand towards a year of goodness, by how we act and by
how much kindness we exhibit to those around us. The
majority of us are presently in the intermediate book, for we
are “the middle of the road sinners.” The ten-day time period
between the beginning of Rosh Hashanah and the sounding
of the shofar at the conclusion of Yom Kippur provides us
with a final possibility to make a life or death difference in
the world.
it was once written that Teshuvah, repentance, sweetens
our journey towards wholeness. The self-realization that we
can be better people is one of the great teachings that must
be gleaned from our High Holy Days. It is a new year, and it
is now time to make a new start. Our journey towards
wholeness and spiritual healing will not happen automatically.
There is no magic formula for personal
change, just the ability to see ourselves in a
new light. We must do the hard and arduous
work on our own.
The month of Elul, which precedes the
holiday of Rosh Hashanah, is viewed in our
tradition as an especially important time for
Teshuvah and personal introspection. In
Gematria the word “Elul” has the numerical
equivalent of the Hebrew word binah, that
means understanding. The meaning is
simple: only through understanding can
Teshuvah ever become a living reality in our lives. As it is
stated by the prophet Isaiah (6:10), “And understanding with
their heart, return and be healed.”
Rabbi Israel Salanter, a popular 19th century sage
from Lithuania, was the founder of the Musar movement.
Musar, a moral school of thought and action teaches that
ethical behavior is to be performed and perfected in the
spirit of Halacha, Jewish law. He was a great and
distinguished teacher and preacher who taught the following
lesson, which I believe holds great meaning and significance
for us in today’s challenging world.
He taught that each person has two eyes for a reason.
With one eye, we look at our neighbors, fastening our gaze
on their goodness, excellence, and most desirable qualities,
while refraining from criticism, slander and gossip. With
the other eye, we turn inward to see our own weaknesses,
imperfections so we can correct them.
As the prophet Ezekiel wrote, “Cast away from
yourselves all your transgressions, and create within
yourselves a new heart and a new spirit.” (Ezekiel 18: 31)
May we see the New Year with clear eyes and pure
hearts so that we can move ever closer to the Divine One,
and that our year will be blessed with good health and moral
fortitude.
Allow me to take this opportunity to wish
Raymond Cohen a hearty Mazal Tov. He is most deserving
of having the yearbook dedicated in his honor as we celebrate
and recognize his many years of dedicated service to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and to the Jewish People. May
God continue sending His blessings upon Raymond, a man
with a gutte neshamah.
On behalf of my wife, Judy and children, Rachel and
Joe, may I wish each of you a Shanah Tovah u’Metukah—a
good and a sweet new year.
— Rabbi Stephen Grundfast
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast
5
===== PAGE 26 =====
Business - Personal * Life * Health
Vandroff Insurance Agency offers you the best
combination of coverage, service and price.
Arnold Vandroff • David Vandroff
Oren Margol
Vandroff
INSURANCE AGENCY
296-3390
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 27 =====
Administration
Executive Director’s Message
One day, during this past
summer, the phone rang from a
Center member who had not been
around in quite some time. He asked
for an appointment and said it was
rather important.
When he arrived at the Center
a few hours later he seemed to have
a lot on his mind. He proceeded to
say that it had been a longtime since
he stepped foot in the building, but
had attended minyan earlier in the
week to observe a yarzheit.
“I just want you to know,” he said, “that even
though you haven’t seen me here in sometime, I
am very grateful to the Jacksonville Jewish Center
because I know the shul will always be here when I
need it.”
What a warm thought! The member then
proceeded to say he now had some free time on his
hands and would like to volunteer. “Is there anything
you need?” He was immediately given a project,
which he completed with great pride.
Who knows what ignited the spark that
reconnected this long-standing member with the
Jacksonville Jewish Center? But the lesson is clear.
The Center will always be here when you need it.
Whether it’s a yarzheit, a simcha, a holiday
observance or an educational opportunity, the
Center remains steadfastly committed to serving its
members seven days a week, 365 days a year.
This commitment is made possible through
the dedication of our staff, teachers, outstanding
lay leadership and dedicated volunteers.
Our volunteers, in particular,
play a critical role in the life of our
congregation. From youth advisors
and minyan captains, to Shabbat
greeters, PTA presidents, committee
chairman, statement stuffers,
fundraisers and other volunteers, the
opportunities are endless.
That is why this gentleman’s
question, “Is there anything you
need?” resonates. The Center will
always be here when you need it, but
“yes” we need your help as well. Volunteer to serve
the Center in some capacity. Offer your assistance
to the office, a youth group, a minyan, a school
program, or a synagogue committee. Call us and ask,
“Is there anything you need?” We will be happy to
match your talents and time with our needs.
As we approach the New Year 5764,1 want to
personally express my gratitude to the staff and
membership of the Jacksonville Jewish Center for
making our synagogue so unique. We enter the New
Year with great hope and optimism for the future of
Jewish life in Jacksonville and beyond.
I would also like to express my deepest
appreciation to Raymond Cohen, our Yearbook
honoree, who embodies the spirit of volunteerism.
Whether its leading the Center Choral Society,
designing award winning covers for our Yearbook or
serving as a Monday morning minyan captain,
Raymond has touched the life of this congregation
for well over a half a century. Todah rabah,
Raymond, and continued years of good health
and happiness for you, Dorothy and your entire
family.
On behalf of my family, Edith, Sam and Max,
may each of you be blessed with a Happy and Healthy
New Year.
Bruce Horovitz
Executive Director
— Bruce Horovitz
7
===== PAGE 28 =====
Best Wishes
for a Healthy, Happy
and prosperous New Year
LINDA DIAMOND WEINSTEIN
For all your business
and personal insurance needs
William H. Shank & Associates
1104 Osceola Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32204
389-6320
387-6004 Fax
8
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 29 =====
Personnel
Administrative Staff
Inez Achord
Accounts Receivable
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
Baal Tefillah
Rhoda Goldstein
Receptionist
Dereen Murray
Rabbi Grundfast’s Secretary
Peggy Organes
Publicity & Publications
Lori Schoettler
Assistant Administrator
Accounts Payable
Scott Zimmerman
Ritual Director
Margo, Catrina and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Margo’s Catering
Your simcha is in good hands with Margo’s. From planning to
presentation, you’ll appreciate the professional touches that the catering
staff brings to every event. The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent. The ambiance is always inviting. Best of all
congregants can count on Margo, Andrew and Catrina to be helpful, friendly
and reassuring. It’s a pleasure to plan a party or congregational program at
the Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah, wedding or other occasion,
you can trust Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
The maintenance and housekeeping staff works diligently to keep our building
clean and presentable at all times. Richard Ford, our Facilities Supervisor, takes
pride in his staff, and devotes much of his time to taking care of all the physical needs
required by the many events which take place throughout the year. Volunteers, event
planners and Center staff appreciate the special attention they receive from the
maintenance department. Richard and his staff offer invaluable support to the building
restoration crews and outside vendors.
Richard Ford
Facilities Supervisor
===== PAGE 30 =====
GET THE “EDGE” ON YOUR
PLUMBING
NORTH FLORIDA
PLUMBING
24 HOUR SERVICE
COMMERCIAL & RESIDENTIAL
• All Types of Repairs
• Slab Leaks • Water Heaters
• Remodeling & Repiping
• Sewer & Drain Cleaning
• Video & High Pressure Jetting
384-4749
CFCO-1 91 89
RONNIE EDGE
MASTER PLUMBER
10
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 31 =====
President’s Message
Have you ever noticed how many
members of our synagogue are involved
in the leadership of Jewish organizations
in our community? Doesn’t it make you
proud? As president of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, it makes me extremely
proud on several levels. First, many of
these leaders are my friends, and I take
great pride in their accomplishments. Also,
I’m proud because they are helping the
Jewish community. Most of all, I’m proud
because the active participation of
members of the Center Family speaks volumes about our
success in developing and promoting involvement in all
aspects of Jewish life.
Our commitment to the future of Conservative
Jewish values begins with our youth. Come by the Center
anytime, any day and you are likely to see a flurry of
religious and cultural activities. Starting with our
Preschool, extending through the eighth grade of Solomon
Schechter Day School, and enhanced by our Religious
School, our children learn and live Judaism throughout
the school year, right on our campus. During the summer,
our Camp Neshama provides youngsters with a wonderful
recreational program that has a definite Jewish flavor.
Older children and teens can attend Camp Ramah, travel
around the country with USY-on-Wheels or go on a
pilgrimage to Israel, as part of the summer programs
sponsored by the Conservative Movement with the aid
of the Center Youth Commission. After their B ar or B at
Mitzvah, our students attend Beit Midrash and continue
their Jewish education through Confirmation.
It doesn’t stop there. We are always
looking for new and exciting programs for
our young families and for our not so young
families. Part of the enjoyment of being a
member at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is the interaction of young and old. Much
of that integration is through education.
Whether it is one of the many programs
offered by the Adult Education Committee,
or a school program like Family University,
families of all ages are getting together.
The recently completed community demographic
study indicates that Jewish observance is fostered by
active membership in a synagogue. At the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, we help integrate home and synagogue
observance by providing twice-daily minyan, Shabbat and
Holiday Services, as well as wonderful Festival
celebrations like congregational Sukkot dinners, Passover
Seders and even an adult Purim gala.
Our members are our greatest assets. Like a big
Jewish family, we support and encourage each other and
plan for future growth.
As we enter a new year, 5764, it is time for
reflection. What have been our successes? What have
we accomplished? For the first time in its 42-year history,
the Solomon Schechter Day School graduated an eighth
grade class. In addition, it more than doubled the size of
the eighth grade class for this coming year. We adopted
the new Sim Shalom Siddur as our Shabbat and Daily
prayer book. We have completed the work in the DuBow-
Cohen Lobby, the Setzer Social Hall and the Fletcher-
Selber Auditorium as part of Restoration 2000, and we
refurbished the classrooms and hallways.
When I look forward to this next year, there are
many things I still want to achieve. Most of all I want to
engage the membership to become even more involved
in the life of our congregation. I want to challenge each
member to add Judaism to their lives and to do just one
additional thing this year to increase your involvement
and commitment to Judaism.
On behalf of my wife, Linda, and our children,
Lauren and Sasha, and from all of us at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, L’Shana Tova.
— Philip Bloom
Philip Bloom
President
11
===== PAGE 32 =====
2002-2004 Board of Directors
Scott Allerding
Claudia Baker
Debbie Banks
Abe Bielski
Shirley Bielski
Dan Blankstein
Bob Bossen
Polina Brunfon
Moti Demri
Karen Dubin
Helen DuBow
Lawrence DuBow*
Ava Fixel
Marilyn Garber
Lawrence Goldberg
Phyllis Goldberg
Ira Goldfield
Rhoda Goldstein
Marty Gottlieb
IraGrann
Jane Grann
Burton Grossman*
Stuart Hecht*
Leslie Held
Risa Herman
Mike Herring
Dr. Joseph Honigman*
Wendy Honigman
Jon Israel
Annetta Komblum
Eugene Komblum*
Mark Kraemer
Nathan Krestul*
Sue Levine
Leonardo Maiman
Wilbur Margol*
Sonya Morris
Karen Morse
Morrie Osterer
Rick Plotkin
Marsha Pollock*
Edwin Presser
Sol Proctor*
Marco Rand
Jim Richman
Harris Rittenberg
Sam Rogozinski
Joanne Rosenberg
Ellen Rosner
Dr. Jeff Sapolsky
Dr. Wendy Sapolsky
Minnie Schreiber
Leonard Selber
June Shenkman
Jack Shorstein*
Beth Shorstein
Robin Shorstein
Edward Tannen
JoanWaitz
Sumner Waitz
Michael Weiss
Suzi Weiss
Ely se Whitman
Josh Whitman
DanWilensky
Bruce Yergin
Morrie Zimmerman
*past president
12
===== PAGE 33 =====
2002-2004 Center Officers
Philip Bloom
President
Michael Shorstein
Chairman of
the Board
David Robbins
VP/Education
Fred Pozin
VP/Finance
Michael DuBow
Vice President at Large
Mel Gottlieb
Russell Selevan
Vice President at Large
Vice President at Large
Leonard Setzer
Vice President at Large
Kathy Osterer
Secretary
Sandy Zimmerman
Financial Secretary
Seeman Zimmerman
Treasurer
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is made up all of the officers shown above and the following:
Etta Fialkow
Susan DuBow
* Sheldon Gendzier
Joan Levin
Drew Margol
*Jeffery Morris
Joel Morris
Jay Plotkin
Dr. Abe Rogozinski
Jeanine Rogozinski
Dr. Marco Rand
Alan Rosner
Dr. Barry Setzer
*Mark Shorstein
*Evan Yegelwel
* Past President
13
===== PAGE 34 =====
Best Wishes and Continued Good Health for the New Year
BORLAND-GROOVER CLINIC, P.A.
Excellence in Digestive Health
Jack R. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R. Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffery S. Hoffman, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richard S. Sprague, M.D.
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Michele A. Carter, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
Mark R. Fleisher, M.D.
A. Roychowdhury, M.D.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Office Locations
836 Prudential Drive, Suite 801
Jacksonville, FL 32207
(904) 288-0433
1610-A Barrs Street
Jacksonville, FL 32204
(904) 388-9361
3627 University Blvd. South, Suite 410
Jacksonville, FL 32216
(904) 398-6718
1375 Roberts Drive, Suite 204
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
(904) 247-0056
2300 Park Avenue, Suite 203
Orange Park, FL 32073
(904) 264-9797
4800 Belfort Road
Jacksonville, FL 32256
(904) 398-7205
1801 Barrs Street, Suite 920
Jacksonville, FL 32204
(904) 381-9393
1340 S. 18th Street, Suite 101
Fernandina Beach, FL 32034
(904) 261-0878
Visit us on our Website
www. borland-groover. com
14
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 35 =====
ftist Presidents
Lawrence DuBow
Joseph Honigman, M.D.
Charles Mizrahi
Jack Shorstein
Sheldon Gendzier
Eugene Kornblum
Jeffery Morris
Mark Shorstein
Burton Grossman
Marsha Pollock
Michael Shorstein
Wilbur Margol
Evan Yegelwel
1901 - 1904 *Max Frank
1905 *H. Hammerman
1906-1910 *Isaac Davis
1911-1922 *Elias H. Pilton
1923-1926 *David Moscovitz
1927 *Jacob Lapinsky
1927-1929 *Harry Finkelstein
1930-1937 *Max Rubin
1938-1939 *David Moss
1940-1943 *Abe Newman
1944-1946 *Harry Gendzier
1947-1948 ;.* Joseph Hackel
1949 *Harry Leff
1950-1951 *Philip Selber
1952 * Philip Bork
1953-1955 *Philip Selber
1956-1957 *Ralph Mizrahi
1958-1960 Burton Grossman
1961-1962 *Judge Louis Safer
1963-1965 *Philip Selber
1966-1967 * Jack Becker
1968-1969 *Nathan Friedlin
1970-1971 Wilbur Margol
1972-1973 Jack Shorstein
1974-1976 Charles Mizrahi
1976-1978 Sheldon Gendzier
1978-1980 Lawrence DuBow
1980-1982 Nathan Krestul
1982-1984 Sol Proctor
1984-1986 Dr. Joseph Honigman
1986-1988 Eugene Kornblum
1988-1990 Marsha Pollock
1990-1993 Jeffery Morris
1993-1996 Stuart Hecht
1996-1998 Evan Yegelwel
1998-2000 Mark Shorstein
2000-2002 Michael Shorstein
♦deceased
15
===== PAGE 36 =====
General Electric &
FIRST COAST SUPPLY
for the kitchen designed to work for you.
Many of today’s most interesting kitchens have one
thing in common ... General Electric appliances. The
reason is simple. General Electric refrigerators,
dishwashers, wall ovens, wine cellars and more offer
almost unlimited possibilities.
Designed for Possibilities - General Electric.
At FIRST COAST SUPPLY, we’ll work to make
the possibilities come true.
Stanley DCantor
President
2523 Edison Avenue • Jacksonville, Florida 32204 • Phone 388-1217
16
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 37 =====
Organizations
Center Choral Society
Reach-To-The-Beach
For over 55 years, the Center Choir has been enhancing
services on the High Holidays and Shavuot with moving liturgical
music. Over the years, they have given numerous concerts featuring
members of the choir, as well as nationally acclaimed soloists. Many
of the current members have been singing with this group for twenty
years or more. New members are always welcome. Call Raymond
Cohen 733-6979.
2003-2004 Choir
Judy Geller Nevel, Musical Director
Raymond Cohen, President
Members: Raymond Cohen, Margaret Fleet, Lois Gosa,
Karen Hamilton, Debbie Kaye, Henry Lasris, Stevie
Levine, Karen Morse, Judy Geller Nevel, David Organes,
Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes, David Schmerer, Beth
Shorstein, Rebecca Shorstein, Anita Solomon, Steve Solomon
and Rebecca Zapen.
®The Reach-to-the-B each
project of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is celebrating a
first birthday! Last fall, a few
synagogue members, who live
at the beach, met with Rabbi
Grundfast to plan some
educational and social initiatives for all Center
members who reside in the Jacksonville
Beaches area.
The first year’s events included two
programs on “Jewish Superstition and
Mysticism,” a Hanukkah Party with food,
songs and games, and a traditional Shabbat
Dinner with Shabbat songs and a wonderful
D’var Torah.
The final gathering of the year was a
Beach Party! The day was enriched by a lively
and enlightening talk by Judy Geller Nevel
about the history of Jews at the Beach.
Everyone attending said the talk was so
interesting and entertaining that we would have
to ask Judy for an encore next year! It was a
great way to close out our first year’s events.
Special thanks to this year’s planning
group, Carolyn Zisser, Rita Baumgarten,
Evelyn Peck, Judy DeArman, Linda
Ginsburg, and Ruth Rosenblatt. Each
member made unique and invaluable
contributions to this Center initiative.
Jewish Singles
The Jewish Singles program provides a place to “meet and
eat” for those living in Jacksonville and the surrounding area.
Dinners, and an occasional brunch, fill the calendar. Whether in
someone’s home or in a restaurant, these continue to be the most
popular gatherings.
A calendar of events is mailed several times a year, but the
information can also be found on the Jacksonville Jewish Federation
website at www.jaxjewish.org/singles.
For those who are far away from family, Jewish Singles helps
make friendships and matches. Another important service of this
program is providing home hospitality and “yom tov” meals for
those who would otherwise be alone for the holidays.
Funded by the Federation, this program continues to provide
important social and religious opportunities to Jewish singles in the
area.
More and varied programs are in the
works for the coming year. We enthusiastically
invite your participation in planning or just
attending an event. We welcome new and
returning members.
For information, questions, or suggestions
about the Reach-to-the-Beach events, please
contact Ruth Rosenblatt at 280-3115 or
rbrosenb@aol.com
For more information, contact Rhoda Goldstein at 292-1000.
17
===== PAGE 38 =====
Organizations
Center Sisterhood
■ 2003-2004 Sisterhood Board
EDUCATION
Historian/Photographer Blanche Slott
Women’s Minyan Kathy Osterer
Sisterhood Shabbat Karen Morse
Peggy Organes, Cindy Wohl
Branch Liaison ’ Barbara Safer
Bereavement Robin Morris, Arlene Yegelwel
Claudia Baker
Helen DuBow
Alina Kentof
Judy Grundfast
PTA Liaison
Judaica Shop
Israel/World Affairs
Jewish Living/Chaplain
MEMBERSHIP
Social Secretary
Membership Retention
PROGRAM
Chai Lites
Public Relations
Night Program
Paid-up Membership Program Amy Goodman
Faye Mizrahi
Door Check-In Beverly Geller,
Michelle Margol, Joanne Rosenberg,
Martha Savage, Hilda Warfield
Circulation Missy Frisch
RSVP Pollie Copans,Vivian Kaplan,
Hilda Lewit, Hilda Warfield, Jean Weinberg
Creative Handicrafts Martha Savage
Margaret Gerber
Nancy Friedman
Heidi Katzin
Randi Rogozinski
Peggy Organes
Suzanne Pittman
TORAH FUND
Torah Fund Cards
YOUTH
Hamantaschen Baking
WAYS & MEANS
New Year’s Cards
New Year’s Flowers
Andy Raitt
Debby Harris
Rhoda Goldstein
Rhonda Fleisher,
Sue Levine, Stevie Levine, Michelle Margol
Leagrams
Donor Program
Spring Picnic
Nachas Tax
Fall Fundraiser
Elissa Vining
Linda Bloom,
Fran Selevan, Ellen Setzer
Dina Fetner, Risa Herman
Tracy Margol
Tracy Margol
PRESIDENTS’ COUNCIL
Shirley Bielski
Marilyn Garber
Phyllis Goldberg
Kathy Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Maxine Romo
Barbara Safer
Bonnie Sandler
Beth Shorstein
Blanche Slott
Larry Goldberg shared the nachas with wife
Phyllis, as she was honored at the
Annual Torah Fund Luncheon.
Dr. Wendy Harpham, award
winning author, inspired
hope by sharing details of
her fight with cancer
A few of the many Torah Fund supporters.
Dr. Deena Richman spoke on mental health issues at the May meeting.
Among the happy hamantaschen bakers were (l to r) Helene Pollan, Debby
Harris, Susan DuBow, Naomie Bossen, Blanche Slott and Hilda Warfield.
18
===== PAGE 39 =====
Organizations
Center Sisterhood
— 2003-2004 Officers —.
President
Jeanine Rogozinski
Education VP
Debbie Banks
Membership VP
Suzi Weiss
Ways & Means VP
Cheryl Plotkin
Program VP
Diane Rothstein
Torah Fund VP
Gayle Bailys
Youth VP
Amy Goodman
Treasurer
Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary
Robin Allerding
Recording Secretary
Etta Drashin
Corresponding Sec.
Peggy Organes
Parliamentarian
Marilyn Garber
Budget
Joanne Rosenberg
Nominating Committee
Maxine Romo
Administrative Assistant
Beth Shorstein
Branch Liaison
Phyllis Goldberg
HAZAK! From strength! That was the message of this
year’s JTS Torah Fund Drive ... and that is exactly what your
Sisterhood did, with the enthusiasm, dedication and
commitment of every member who participated.
Sisterhood programs and projects promote education,
social action and religious observance. Through the annual
Torah Fund Campaign, we provide support for the Jewish
Theological Seminary and the Ziegler School of Rabbinic
Studies. At this year’s Torah Fund Luncheon, the “Horty T.
Gendzier Woman of Achievement” award was presented to
Phyllis Goldberg, past Sisterhood President, Center Board
member, Simhat Torah Woman of Valor, community leader,
and President-Elect of the Florida Branch of Women’s League of Conservative Judaism
- a strong woman indeed.
We are proud to offer financial support to Center schools and youth groups
through our continued donations to the Youth Fund, which offers scholarships for
Camp Ramah, USY on Wheels, and summer programs in Israel. This year Sisterhood
made a pledge to the Preschool Playground for a gazebo as part of a major renovation
plan. Our support also included providing snacks for High Holidays, apples and candy
for Simhat Torah, and hamentaschen for Purim.
Among the successful fund raising projects were the sale of Rosh Hashanah
flowers and cards, Nachas Tax and the Sisterhood Judaica Shop, which provides the
congregation and community with beautiful gift and ritual items, and whose proceeds
benefit Sisterhood programs. Perhaps our most successful fund-raising project was
the Annual Donor. This event raised over $6,000.00 for the Center Building Fund.
Educational and religious programs included enlightening monthly seminars led
by Rabbi Grundfast. Our members and their daughters demonstrated their many talents
and abilities during our spiritually uplifting Sisterhood Shabbat, which this year
coincided with Women’s League 40th Anniversary celebration. We also promoted
the Henry Kramer Library with several informative book reviews after Shabbat Services,
as well as a contribution that will provide much needed shelving for growing collections.
Sisterhood is thriving with over 360 members. Our monthly meetings were
interesting and well attended. Programs ranged from women’s health issues, shul
decorum, Feng Shui, to our own Susan DuBow’s giving us “a taste of Hollywood.”
Again this year, dedicated volunteers were recognized at each meeting. Robin Allerding,
Gayle Bailys, Pollie Copans, Beverly Geller, Rhoda Goldstein, Vivian Kaplan, Hilda
Lewit, Peggy Organes, Martha Savage, Hilda Warfield, Jean Weinberg and Elissa Vining
were among Sisterhood’s “Valued Volunteers.”
Jeanine Rogozinski
President
L to r: Pollie Copans, Martha Savage, Hilda Lewit, Vivian Kaplan,
Jean Weinberg and Hilda Warfield were among the valued
Sisterhood volunteers recognized at our monthly meetings.
A personal expression of gratitude goes to all the
officers, committee chairs and board members for being the
quintessential volunteers who always put Sisterhood first in
their lives.
In this coming year, let us embrace our responsibility to
our organization, our synagogue, our families, our future.
Through the act of volunteering, nothing is impossible, and our
success in enhancing the Jewish Community around us is
infinite. The Sisterhood Board and I hope to see a lot more of
you next year.
Chaim, Rachel, Erin, Jonathan, Danielle, and I wish you
all a Shanah Tovah, and a year filled with peace, good health,
and happiness.
— Jeanine Rogozinski
19
===== PAGE 40 =====
Organizations
Men’s Club Man of the Year Banquet
On Sunday morning, October 27, Moti Demri was teased, taunted and lovingly
roasted by some of his closest friends. It was “No Problem” to honor him as the
Center Men’s Club’s 4th “Man of the Year,” for his longstanding service to the Men’s
Club, the Jacksonville Jewish Center and the Jewish community.
Evan Yegelwel, chairman of this event and last year’s honoree, planned a delightful
program which included a brunch buffet by Margo’s Catering. Moti was a good sport
and a great time was had by all.
The Man of the Year Banquet is the club’s biggest annual fundraiser. All proceeds
benefit the Men’s Club’s “Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund” that helps
needy Jewish children attend Camp Ramah and USY Pilgrimage programs.
In recognition of their achievement, Yad Shel
Chai recipients receive a certificate and
personalized “yad, ” Torah pointer.
Men’s Club Yad Shel Chai Award
In 1998, Center Men’s Club instituted this award-winning program
to encourage youngsters to continue reading Torah after their Bar or Bat
Mitzvah. Teens who read a minimum of 18 (chai) portions by age 18 are
presented with an inscribed Torah pointer (yad) and a certificate. Over
the years, many teens have enrolled in this program, and the following
have received the award: Jordan Allerding, Sarah Blankstein, Daniel
Heller, Jonathan Heller, Lauren Bloom, Crista Cohen, Jared Fleet, Aaron
Finck, Ben Finck, Seth Finck, Mark Frisch, Rachel Gerber, Max
Horovitz, Sam Horovitz, Debra Mizrahi, Dena Mizrahi, Jonathan
Mizrahi, Aliza Morris, Lindsay Morris, David Organes, Daniel Passen,
Lisa Rand, Avi Richman, Jessica Rogozinski and Rachel Rogozinski.
For more information regarding this program, contact Randall Smith at
221-8061.
20
===== PAGE 41 =====
Organizations
Center Men’s Club
The Jacksonville Jewish Center
Men’s Club is dedicated to the
enrichment of Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish community. Men’s
Club members work together
supporting, sponsoring and participating
in programs that bring meaning to our
youth, companionship to our elders, and
involvement in our community.
Center Men’s Club is also an
active member of the Federation of
Jewish Men’s Clubs, an international
organization dedicated to the ideals,
philosophy and
traditions of
Conservative Judaism.
Among the successful
national programs that
we participate in is the
Yom Hashoah Yellow
Candle program. Each
year we distribute
hundreds of Holocaust
Memorial candles to
families of our
congregation. Another
program, “Hearing
Men’s Voices” is a
series of workshops for discussing issues
of significance to Jewish men in today’s
world. Topics for the coming year will
cover family, religion, society and
health, in thought provoking and
fulfilling agendas led by leading experts
and professionals.
We encourage our post Bar/Bat
Mitzvah teens to continue reading Torah
and reward those who read 18 or more
portions by age 18 with the Yad Shel Chai
(Hand of Life) award.
Sunday morning programs featured varied
and informative speakers.
Center Men’s Club’s “Horty T.
Gendzier Summer Scholarship Fund”
provides the financial resources for
children to attend Camp Ramah or other
Jewish enrichment programs, and
honors the memory of Horty Gendzier,
who was so instrumental in the
pioneering of these programs. Funding
is provided in large part by proceeds
from the annual “Man of the Year”
banquet.
We support the Jacksonville
Jewish Federation, Jacksonville Family
and Community
Services and the
community at large
through tzedakah
programs and
volunteer efforts.
We are
visible friends of
our Center, with
programs like
selling and building
sukkot for our
Center families,
and helping to
decorate the Center’s Goldman Sukkah.
You can find Men’s Club members
grilling lunch at the Lag B’omer Picnic
every year. Our members are the friendly
ushers who greet you at services on
Shabbat and Holidays. Men’s Club
members sponsor, lead and participate
in Men’s Club Shabbat and Armed
Forces Shabbat.
The Men’s Club is also a great way
for friends to have fun. Every summer
we unite for the infamous deep sea
fishing trip, and take our families to
sporting events, such as a Jacksonville
Suns baseball game. In the fall we “kick
off’ our new year with a membership
drive featuring games of chance and
raffles, while we watch a Jacksonville
Jaguars away game on a big screen TV.
All this and more is waiting you if
you are at least 18 years old, male, and
a member of the Jacksonville Jewish
community. Join now. We welcome your
fellowship and participation.
— Mike Herring, President
Proud Presidents, (l) Dave Schmerer
and (r) Mike Herring
Current Men s Club officers (l to r):
Mike Herring, Carl Pas sen, Don Romo
and Bruce Phillips.
2003-2004
Men’s Club Officers
President
Mike Herring
Vice President
Bob Feigelson
Secretary
Bruce Phillips
Treasurer
Judge Don Romo
Board Members
Moti Demri
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Mike Howard
Stephen Pollan
Marc Raitt
Jim Richman
Andrew Ruby
Dan Wohl
Leon Yergin
Past Presidents
IraGrann
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
21
===== PAGE 42 =====
FARMERS
MARKET
You are invited to enjoy
the FRESHEST and WIDEST
selection of PRODUCE
in town . . . arriving FRESH DAILY!
RETAIL — WHOLESALE
— Since 1938 —
LOCATED AT THE BEAVER STREET VIADUCT
1780 West Beaver Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
(904) 354-2821
Open 365 Days A Year — Dawn to DUSK
Up to 150 Farmers and Venders
Convenient “Drive-up” Parking • Restaurant and Restrooms on Premises
22
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 43 =====
Committees
Shabbat Greeters
Martha Savage, Chairperson
Martha Savage coordinates the friendly volunteers who
give of their time to perform the mitzvah of welcoming
people to services with a friendly “Shabbat Shalom.” Greeting
is a good way to introduce yourself to people and make
newcomers and visitors feel
welcome. We thank Martha for her
dedication to the Center and to all of
the people who volunteered to greet
over the past year. Anyone interested
in joining the Shabbat Greeters,
please call Martha, 733-3671
Thank you to those who were
greeters in the 2002-2003 season:
Linda & Michael Abramson, Robin
& Scott Allerding, Karen & Stu
Appelbaum, Allison Bailys, Gayle Bailys, Debbie Banks &
Garry Kitay, Naomie & Ronnie Ben-Ari, Vera & Morton
Benjamin, Billie & Michael Bernhardt, Tricia & Jack
Bettman, Sonya & David Cohen, Susan & Norman Cohen,
Karen Dubin, Leah Dubin, Holly & Mark Ernas, Marilyn &
Charles Feldstein, Ethel & Stephen Glauberg, Jackie & Steve
Goldman, Annette Goodfarb, Erika Goodfarb, Diane
Greenbaum, Debby & Alan Harris, Sherry & Mike Herring,
Marsha & Michael Howard, Barbara & Lewis Hunter,
Rosely & Robert Kanner, Laurette & Mark Kessler, Susan
& Harry Koslowski, Michelle & Drew Margol, Pearl Marton,
Evelyn & Lew Meisel, Charles Mibab, Sonya Morris, Arlene
& Jerry Rademan, Andy & Marc Raitt, Ellen Rosner,
Barbara & Eliot Safer, Dayan & Jeff Sandler, Dale & Jack
Schemer, Kim Schemer, Rachel Schemer, Risa Schneider,
Cindy & Randy Silverberg, Karen Southall, Rexene Trager,
Elissa & Scott Vining, Robin Vittiello, Joan Waitz, Abby
Weiss, David Weiss, Cindy & Dan Wohl, Amy & Dan Wyzan,
Katy & Paul Yarish and Shelly & David Zavon.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and holidays,
friendly volunteer members serve as ambassadors to Center
congregants by helping with seating, guiding and acknowledging
newcomers, and welcoming regular worshippers. Ushers help to
maintain synagogue decorum, which preserves the beauty of
the service for all of us. We thank all of our ushers for their
efforts throughout the year.
2002-2003 Shabbat Ushers
Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbaum, Scott Balotin,
Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen, Mike
Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel Morris,
Carl Passen, Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim Richman,
George Rubens, Leonard Saraga, David Schmerer,
Barry Schuster, Joseph Shacter, Harry Shmunes, Steve
Solomon, Randall Smith and Tom Spriggs.
Daily Minyan Captains
Traditionally, public worship requires a minyan, a
quorum of ten men. Only in the presence of a minyan may the
Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be recited.
Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that there is a
minyan twice every single day of the year. It is often a hard
and thankless job. It requires hours of phoning to coordinate
attendance.
We thank those who served as minyan captains during
the 2002-2003 season: Jack Bettman, Robert Handmaker,
Jack Mizrahi, Fred Kupperman, David Schmerer, Russell
Selevan, Jack Silverman, Edward Tannen, Evan Yegelwel,
David Zavon, Sandy Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
It is because of them that you can recite kaddish
when you mourn or observe yarhzeit. We owe the captains
not only our thanks, but also our participation, in order to
continue providing a minyan for each service.
To emphasize the mitzvah aspect of his Bar Mitzvah,
Ben Morse become a regular member of the Monday
morning minyan. He also sent post cards to men in our
congregation inviting them to join. Among those who
responded were classmates Eddie Norton, Kyle Soloway
and Kyle Vining.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan a
week. Call Marco Rand, Religious Committee Chair, at
737-9761.
Henry Kramer Library & Resource Center
Minnie Schreiber, Chair
Committee: Rabbi Joseph Hirsch, Svetlana Goldiner,
Blanche Slott and Roselyn Selber
Assistants: Debbie Shacter and Stephanie Shacter
A library will be only a resting place for books, if the
books are not accessible to readers. Accessibility requires
proper classification, carding shelving and monitoring.
Such was the monumental task that May Goldie
Stillman, of blessed memory, performed for the Tofield
Memorial Library. Every Sunday morning was dedicated to
working in the library, as it grew and became the Henry
Kramer Library and Resource Center.
May Goldie’s illness and recent death ended her library
service of many years as co-chairman, but the library itself
will be a constant reminder of her dedication and devotion.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center will always be grateful.
From its humble beginnings in 1959, the Henry Kramer
Library and Resource Center, which includes the Solomon
Schechter Day School Library and the Tofield Reading Room,
has developed into the splendid library that it is through the
work of May Goldie Stillman and countless other synagogue
members.
23
===== PAGE 44 =====
At the turn of the last century
when prominent winter season hotels
were clustered along the St. Johns River
and the Springs at Green Cove
Mama and Papa Gus
were depended on by early Florida tourists
for pure rich milk and cream...
a beginning of their family dairy farm.
d>
founded in 1000 by Moma & Popo Qus
...Sor five generations since Sounded
in 1908 by Mama and Papa Gus,
grown to become Florida’s largest
Samily owned and operated dairy Sarm
now in our
th year
and a Samily Sarm still,
producing wholesome Sresh mil
cream Sor your customers
and
Gustafson Farm Good!
24
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 45 =====
Committees
Shabbat and Holiday Liturgy
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Baal Tefillah
Hearing Raymond Cohen’s beautiful tenor
voice during the Yamim Nora ’im is one of my most
enduring memories of growing up at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. There seemed to be an extra measure
of holiness to the prayers when Raymond and the
Center Choral Society would accompany Cantor
Marton, z’l, on Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. I’m
pleased to count Raymond as a colleague and a friend
now, and I’m delighted that this year’s edition of the yearbook is dedicated to him
and his years of service to the Center.
The Mahzor reads “...repentance, prayer and tzedakah avert the unfavorable
decree.” Indeed, one of the main purposes of Jewish prayer is to inspire repentance
and tzedakah, or righteousness. By praying and confessing as a
community, in the first person plural, we reaffirm the rabbinical dictum “All of
Israel are responsible for one another.”
Every year when the Temple was in existence, the Kohen Gadol would pray
on Yom Kippur for the well being of all the People of Israel. My prayer for the
coming year is that it be one of health and prosperity for us all, and a year of peace
in the Land of Israel and throughout the world. From D’vorah, lian and myself,
Ishanah tovah tikkateivu ut’hateimu.
— Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
Religious Committee
Marco Rand, Chairman
The Religious Committee is in the honored position of guiding many of the
ritual functions that are the pulse of our congregation. Whether it is helping to
ensure the reliability of the twice-daily minyan, overseeing the standards of our
services, or coordinating High Holiday honors, the Religious Committee’s work
is often unheralded, but nonetheless vital to the daily life and times of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center. Acting in concert with the Rabbi, it is the job of this
committee to see to it that the rituals of the synagogue continue to conform to the
strong traditions of our congregation and to the highest standards of the
Conservative movement.
Our congregation is grateful to Dave Schmerer for his strong leadership as
chair of this committee during a period of significant transition at the Center.
Special kudos are due to Bob Bossen for his continuing stalwart work as our Gabbai
coordinator - this past year saw the inclusion of women in the Gabbai corps. This
year’s High Holiday honors subcommittee was led by Edward Tannen.
We look forward to learning with and working with the congregation as we
face the many potential challenges and changes that loom on the horizon.
Religious Committee members in 2002-2003 were: Neil Abramson,
Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Jack Bettman, Abe Bielski, Daniel Blankstein, Fred
Blum, Robert Bossen, Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Janis Fleet,
Sheldon Gendzier, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Robert Handmaker,
Wendy Honigman, Joseph Honigman, Norman Kleiman, Iris Kraemer, Mark
Kraemer, Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery Morris, Marco Rand, Craig Sandler, Natalie
Sandler, David Schmerer, Leonard Selber, Joseph Shacter, Mark Shorstein,
Edward Tannen, Dan Wohl.
— Marco Rand
Shabbat Torah Readers
Scott Zimmerman,
Ritual Director
The Greatest Commandment
The Talmud teaches that the
mitzvah of Talmud Torah (Jewish
learning) is the greatest of all mitzvot.
Because study leads to action, and
because understanding and information
are prerequisites for performing
mitzvot, Talmud Torah contains the
potential for all the other mitzvot. What
we leam is who we become.
For centuries, we have been
known as the people of the Book
because of our special relationship
with the Book of books, the Torah.
While other ancient peoples worshiped
by sacrificing people or animals, we
developed a form of worship that
centered on reading as a sacred act.
The survival of Judaism depends
on something as frail and resilient as
learning and teaching. Whether in a
classroom, a synagogue, or a home, we
add our voices to the process that is
Torah by studying our sacred writings
and traditions, by joining in discussion
and debate with our fellow Jews.
I would like to thank the many
members of our congregation whose
dedication has allowed us to maintain
the high level of participation in Torah
reading that our synagogue has
achieved. With the commitment and
encouragement of our synagogue
organizations and their leaders, we will
preserve our standards for future
generations. I would like to thank Ted
Gross for his many years of guidance
and encouragement as well as all of our
teachers for their continued support and
cooperation and wish you all a heartfelt
Shanah Tovah.
— Scott Zimmerman
25
===== PAGE 46 =====
Jíere ’s a Retirement Offer
That Will Move you...
Soaring Ceilings, Elegant Social Lounges... Come Make This
Beautiful House Your Home Starting at Only $1175 per Month
• Three delicious chef-prepared meals served daily
• Spacious studio, one- or two-bedroom apartments
• Weekly housekeeping and, linen service
® Paid utilities, except telephone
• On-site resident managers 24 hours a day
• full calendar of social activities
® free scheduled local transportation
® JVo buy-in fees or leases ever, month-to-month rental
Call Our Management Team Today For Information
Just What you re JCooking *
Jbr in Retirement JJping Augustine
£g,ndiing
Gemímos Retirement Living
10141 Old St. Augustine RdL * Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 880-1116
: :
26
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
Committees
Membership
We’re looking forward to
another fun-filled year. Please come
join us. There’s always room for one
more. Join a committee and get
involved!
From my family to yours, L’
Shana Tova! Have a happy and
prosperous New Year.
— Karen Morse
There’s always fun at our Shul!!
Our Summer Sizzler picnics, featuring
entertainment by local bands, continue to be the
high point of summer at the Center. Last July the
crowd enjoyed the music of the Glass Camels;
this summer it was the CSX Crew, as well as the
song-stylings of David Milam. The great guys
from the Center Men’s Club were chillin’ and
grillin’ in the Ansbacher Family Gazebo. Young
and old enjoyed the day swimming and playing
games at our campsite.
A New Members Ice Cream Social was given in honor
of those who recently joined our Center Family: Maj. William
& Barbara Arnold, Dr. Anne Bernstein, Rosalie Cassel, Karen
Sue Chambers, Joseph W. & Anna Cohen, Dr. Robert & Irene
Cywes, Alan & Rebecca Fixel, Fred & Laura Goldstein,
Sherry Goodfarb, Beth Grann, Robert Handmaker &
Cynthia Cohen, Morton Heller, Maxine Heller, Helen Hill,
Beth Jadick, Elyse Jonas, Paulette Keifer, Dr. Adam
Koenigsberg, Marc Leventhal & Lorrain Federman, Leon &
Lauren (Goldenberg) Levin, Howard & Leah Maltz, Ian &
Meredith McEvoy, Lily Michaels, Joel & Laura Parnés, Stan
Press, Dr. Devon & Perrin Rubin, Norman & Shirley Shapiro,
Adam Shmunes, Ben & Joan Talpalar, Sharon Talpalar,
Edwin & Helene Thall, Kimberly Thall, David & Susanne
Weisman, Jeff & Sheri Weiss.
Yom HaMorim was truly a day to remember for our
teachers. Todd Morse produced an emotion-filled retrospective
slide presentation that spanned the 100-year history of our
schools. There wasn’t a dry eye in the house. The jazz stylings
of the Scott Foster Trio lent an ambience to the evening, and
as always, Margo’s desserts were luscious.
Raymond Cohen designed a beautiful logo that
graced the cover of the Center Yearbook dedicated
to “100 Years of Excellence in Education,” as well
as memorabilia of
the event.
Last year’s
Hanukkah
Celebration &
Bazaar was really
big! Fifty artists
and crafters sold their wares up
and down the halls of our shul.
The students of the Religious
School provided games and
fun-filled activities for young
and old alike, and of course,
everyone enjoyed Margo’s famous latke bar. Thanks go to
Rhoda Goldstein for making the event so successful.
Who will ever forget “My Big, Fat, Shushan
Wedding? ” It was the wedding of the century, with a bride,
Talie Zaifert, who was already in a family way and her
handsome “young”
groom, Jack
Silverman. Our
very own singing
sensations, “The
Hot Flashes,”
Isabel Balotin,
Shirley Bielski,
Marilyn Garber,
wowed us with
their vocal backups
to song parodies by
Peggy & Ken
Organes. Raymond
Cohen was the Cantor we always knew he could be. Norman
Kleiman was a masterful Master of Ceremonies, Jim Richman
was the wisecracking Rabbi and the bridal party was the
“tackiest” anywhere. Even Margo and her staff got into the
act. The reception continued with dancing to the music of
L’Dor V’Dor, Jay Sandler’s new
Jewish, variety band. All agreed it
was the best adult Purim Dinner.
Karen Morse,
Membership Chair
27
===== PAGE 48 =====
THE VEIN CLINIC
Specializing in the Treatment of:
Varicose Veins offering in office alternatives to stripping procedures
Spider Veins of the legs and face
Photo Facial non-invasive, nondisrupting facial aesthetic procedure.
Effective for Rosacea, facial flushing, spider veins, sun damage,
fine lines and wrinkles.
Laser Hair Removal
Norman S. Cohen, M.D.
5150 Belfort Road, Building 400
Jacksonville, FL 32256
296-VEIN
www.veincure.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
Committees
Adult Education
Etta Fialkow, chair
This year’s adult activities offered a variety of
educational opportunities - some familiar, some new.
Hebrew Literacy is a staple of the curriculm. Etta
Fialkow taught classes for beginners. Students who could
not read any of the letters in the Hebrew alefbet, found
that in just a few short lessons they could read some
prayers. Arlene Yegelwel worked with other students
helping them to better improve their reading skills. Lorrain
Federman introduced a new program of teaching reading
skills and, at the same time, the meaning of many of the
words used in the prayers. Marc Leventhal continued a
class in conversational Hebrew that he began last year.
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast taught a number of
courses this year. Enlightening, bi-monthly Talmud class
used the book Swimming in the Sea ofTalmudby Michael
Katz and Gershon Schwartz. At monthly “Lunch and
Learn” sessions, students ate and studied various texts
with Rabbi Grundfast at the office of Shorstein and
Shorstein. Under the auspices of Center Sisterhood, Rabbi
Grundfast continued his seminars for and about Jewish
women, with discussions of Ketuvim, the Writings found
in the Tanakh. Continuing his post-Confirmation program,
Rabbi Grundfast hosted several informal dinners with
12th graders to discuss topics of interest to young adults.
Rabbi Grundfast also taught an introduction to
Judaism and Jewish life for those seeking either conversion
to Judaism or more knowledge about their Jewish heritage.
In January and February, Rabbi Grundfast conducted
a special four-week mini series that concentrated on the
hows and whys of our Jewish prayer service. He
discussed the Siddur, the structure of the prayer service,
the development of the synagogue, the morning blessings,
the Shema, the Amidah and all the variations of the
Kaddish. As a hands-on part of the class, he gave lessons
on the proper way to make a Torah aliyah, how to lift
and tie the Torah, and spoke on when and how to bow.
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch taught a six-week course in
February and March that explored the political and cultural
spheres of the history of the Jewish people. He broke
the classes into six periods of Jewish history: the Biblical,
Second Temple, Talmudic, Geonic, Medieval and Modem
Periods. Rabbi Hirsch recently joined the Jacksonville
Community, coming from Palm Coast.
The Adult Education
Committee instituted the
Setzer-Levit Family Program
Series, an endowment to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center by
Leah and Milton Levit as a
memorial to their mothers,
Hannah Setzer and Dora Levit.
It is a complement to the Setzer-
Levit Lecture Series that has
provided world renown
speakers of topical Jewish issues in memory of their
fathers, Benjamin Setzer and Joseph Levit. On December
8, the entire Jewish community was invited to an evening
with guest performer Rahel Musleah. The program,
“Jews in Calcutta? Is that near Kalamazoo?” began
with a buffet dinner featuring Kosher Indian Cuisine.
The seventh generation of a Calcutta family, Musleah
opened the window to the rich, but little-known, heritage
of the Jews of India. She creatively engaged our
children’s participation through slides, song and stories.
The Setzer-Levit Lecture
Series brought award-winning
journalist, Stephen Dubner, to
our congregation and the students
of Beit Midrash. Dubner spoke
on his life experience, and of
returning to his Jewish roots.
Barbara Pakula ably chaired this
important event.
Etta Fialkow
29
The annual Safer Shabbaton Weekend, held
February 14-16, featured Shai Cherry, Mellon Assistant
Professor of Jewish Thought at
Vanderbilt University.
Professor Cherry delivered
three diverse lectures: “How
Jews have Responded to
Darwinian Evolution, “Kashrut
in the Twenty-first Century -
should vegetarianism be a
mitzvah?” and a talk on Jewish
mysticism. Shabbaton
Weekend is underwritten by the
Marilyn and Louis Safer
Shabbaton Fund, established in
memory of Marilyn and Lou Safer by their children Eliot
Safer, Cynthia Baron, Deena Richman, and Shana Temel.
===== PAGE 50 =====
North Florida’s Absolute
ONE STOP SHOP!
More than just Paint..
•CABINETS
• CARPET
•TILE
• WINDOW TREATMENT
•WALLCOVERING
We have what you need!
sf V
ASHFORD \ J SERVICES
“The Perferred Floor Specialist of the Jacksonville Jewish Center”
Quality Maintenance of a Variety of Floor Surfaces:
• VCT Tile • Ceramic Tile
• Concrete • Wood
• Gymnasiums
Superior Bathroom Restoration and Grout Line Cleaning
Office
396-7090
Pager
636-4370
We Make it Fun and Easy to Transform Your Ideas into Reality
Mandarin Paint & Decorating
Located 1/2 mile North of I-95 on San Jose Blvd
Mon-Fri 8-6 • Sat 9-4 262-0728 6 Months Same As Cash
30
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
Special Events
Simhat Torah Honorees
The High Holiday season reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the festival
of Sukkot. Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”. On
Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and immediately begin
anew. An ancient tradition evolved of honoring worthy men by calling them to the Torah for the last
reading, Hatan Torah, and the beginning portion, Hatan Bereshit. In our synagogue tradition, we
also honor the contributions made by a “Woman of Valor”.
David Schmerer
Hatan Torah
David
Schmerer is one
of the nicest guys
you’ll ever meet.
Being affable is
also a quality that
Dave draws upon
to enlist the aid
of others. He’s
both a devoted volunteer and a very
effective leader.
David Schmerer was born in
Miami Beach in 1952. He received a
BA in government from FSU and a BT,
cum laude, in industrial technology
from UNF. He is a Safety & Health
Consultant with Zenith Insurance.
When the Schmerers moved to
our community in 1981, Dave found
that the Center offered just the right
mix of traditional Jewish observance
and a wide variety of activities. He
immediately became active in Family
Council, and youth would become a
focal point for his volunteer efforts in
the years that followed.
At the heart of it all is Dave’s
deep love of Judaism. He expresses it
in his own observance, and in the
attention he gives religious life at the
Center. David has taught in our
Religious School, Hebrew High and in
Junior Congregation. He is a minyan
captain, Shabbat usher, gabbai, bass
soloist in the Center Choir and past
chairman of the Religious committee
For five years, Dave was
president of the Center Men’s Club. He
was the driving force behind the
creation of the Horty T. Gendzier
Summer Scholarship Fund, as well as
many other successful fundraising,
social and communal projects that
benefit our congregation.
Fred Pozin
Hatan Bereshit
Fred Pozin
has a real head for
business and a
genuine heart for
the welfare of our
congregation.
This winning
combination has
made him
invaluable as the
Center’s Financial Vice President.
Beginning in 2000, and continuing with
this administration, Fred’s tireless
efforts have maintained the fiscal
strength of our synagogue.
Fred Pozin has the hotel business
in his blood. He was bom in Miami
Beach, and at a young age, relocated
to Gainesville, where his family built
and operated the University Motel.
Later in Orange Park, they built and
operated the Holiday Inn. After
attending the Hotel Restaurant School
at Florida State University, Fred began
his career with the Hyatt Hotel
Corporation and served in numerous
management positions.
In the early 80s, Fred returned to
Jacksonville to open and operate the
Ramada Inn Mandarin and Comedy Zone.
He met and married Wendy Margol and
became active at the Center.
With Fred’s business acumen and
dedication to Jewish education, he was
a natural choice to co-chair the 1997
Center Raffle for Education, and other
fundraising events. Most notably, Fred
lent his Comedy Club for an exclusive
performance to benefit Hadassah.
Active on our Board of Directors, Fred
served on the house and finance
committees before accepting the
position of Financial Vice President,
which he still holds.
Phyllis Goldberg
Woman of Valor
Phyllis
Goldberg is an
empowered
woman, dedicated
to Jewish life and
education. She is
poised, assured
and self-confident.
She is a loyal
friend and delightful companion. A
strong sense of propriety guides her
every action. She is the essence of the
Woman of Valor “robed in strength and
dignity; abounding in wisdom; modest,
her work proclaims her praises.”
Born in Chicago, Phyllis was
raised in Jacksonville from age 4. She
received a bachelor’s degree from the
University of Pennsylvania, and a
master’s degree at Columbia. She
married Larry Goldberg and began a
family in New York, but was soon drawn
back to Jacksonville.
Phyllis retired from the computer
profession to become a “professional
volunteer.” The Center has been the
beneficiary of her time and talent for
organization for over 20 years. She is a
past VP of Membership, long-standing
Board member, and has served on the
Adult Education, Performing Artists
and Rabbi Search committees, among
others.
Over the years, Phyllis has been
a leader and driving force for women’s
issues. In Center Sisterhood, she served
as Education VP, Torah Fund chair and
President. She distinguished herself in
numerous positions for the Florida
Branch of Women’s League for
Conservative Judaism and sits on the
International Board. Phyllis has served
Hadassah as chapter co-chair, and
earned its Chai Award.
31
===== PAGE 52 =====
We Thank Our Generous Supporters
«if.
Benefactors:
The DuBow Family
The Families of Fred,
Harry, Ben & Karl Frisch
Royal Patrons:
The Parker/Wilf Families
Pmdential Securities -
The Jaffe Group
The Selevan Family
Wachovia
Grand Patrons:
The Block Family
The Gottlieb Family
The Orender Family
The Robbins Family
The Shorstein Family
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
J. Wayne & Delores Weaver
The Zimmerman Family
Special Contributors:
Bob Falconetti and Russell Hallowes-
Drummond Press
Emilie Christenson and
everyone at Kyds
PRI Productions
Daryl Powers Salon & Spa
Meg Pryer
The Scott Foster Trio
Susan DuBow
Stephen Sisenstein
Cathy Harrison - Cathy’s Creations
Billy Patterson -
Antique & Modem Cabinets
Ponte Vedra Inn and Club
Jacksonville Jaguars
Adam’s Mark Jacksonville
Kosher Resorts Orlando
Comedy Zone
Michael Levin & All Tix.com
Carla’s Shoes
Smokin’ Boxes by M&R Designs
San Marco Petites
Karl’s Clothiers - Jay Jabour
Miriam’s
Patrons:
Alex & Scot Ackerman
Lawrence Ansbacher
Debbie Banks & Garry Kitay
Sharon & Malcolm Bloom
Brandon Pest Control -
Risa & Stuart Herman
Sue & Fred Eaglstein
First Coast Supply
Sharon & Stanley Kantor
Phyllis & Larry Goldberg
Ira Goldfield, CLUChFC
Edith & Bmce Horovitz
Rosely & Robert Kanner
Brenda & Ron Katz
Mimi & Mickey Kersun
Larry’s Giant Subs
Joan & Ron Levin
Phyllis & George Levin
Sue & Mitchell Levine
Tracy & Oren Margol
Faye & Steven Mizrahi
Judy & David Mizrahi
Judy & Ed Mizrahi
Carol & Joel Morris
Robin & Jeffery Morris
Nooney & Gare -
Henry & Karen Gare
Jennifer & Rick Plotkin
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Wendy & Fred Pozin
River City Security Services
Chaim & Jeanine Rogozinski
Ellen & Alan Rosner
Diane & Mitchell Rothstein
Kim & Hal Schemer
Mary & Leonard Selber
Barry Setzer DDS
& Stephen Cochran DMD-
Pediatric Dentistry
Debra & Leonard Setzer
Theresa & Steve Sherman
Shorstein & Kelly,
Attorneys at Law, P.A.
Judy & Steve Silverman
Risa & Steve Warfield
Elyse & JoshWhitman
Arlene & Evan Yegelwel
artwork by Amy Goodman
The DuBow Family picked the Grand
Prize winning ticket. Shown l to r:
Helen, Michael and Sophie.
And the Winners are ...
Grand Prize $10,000: Judy & Ed Mizrahi
Big Prizes: Karen & Stu Appelbaum, Stella & Sandy
Finck, Frisch Families, Barbara & Lewis Hunter, Judy &
Ed Mizrahi, Barbara & Jerry Portnoy, Selevan Family,
children of Beth & Mark Shorstein, Mary Zimmerman
and Sandy Zimmerman.
Door Prizes: Ana Butensky, Sophie DuBow, Harlan
Helming, Ruby Kids, Michelle Margol, Jewell Miller,
Steven Mizrahi, Rita Pugachevskiy, Natalie Osterer, Ari
Sandler, Millie Taimen and Sandy Zimmerman.
La Tienda Jewelry & Pawn
Rosenblum’s
Mimi’s
Simon’s Wine Bar
The Lodge at Ponte Vedra
3 Sisters Chocolates
Sisterhood Judaica Shop
Linda Rodman
Howard Fetner
32
===== PAGE 53 =====
Special Events
2003 Center Raffle for Education
“OOTFoyDfeiDofyoufc”
This year’s raffle raised the second highest total in Center history.
Once again, the big winners were the children of the Samuel & Esther
Galinsky Educational Programs who will benefit from the funds raised
by this major endeavor.
Amy Goodman and Faye Mizrahi, Raffle Co-Chairs, are to be
highly commended for their dedication and tireless efforts to make this
event a sensational success. Not only were the proceeds large, so was
the attendance at the Raffle Brunch. Over 400 people enjoyed a fabulous
brunch, beautifully prepared and presented by Margo’s Catering.
The brunch featured a wonderful program that included jazz music,
by the Scott Foster Trio. An enjoyable fashion show was staged by
Emilie Christenson and her Ponte Vedra store, Kyds. The adorable
models, from among the students of Center schools, were professionally
groomed by Daryl Powers Salon & Spa. Photographer, Meg Pryor,
took runway shots of every model. Thanks to Susan DuBow for all her
help coordinating the fashion show.
Honorary Raffle Chairs, Helen & Michael DuBow, ticket sellers
and event committees share the appreciation of our congregation for
this wonderful fundraising event. Thank you to Richard Ford and the
maintenance staff, as well as Inez Achord, Rhoda Goldstein, Lori
Schoettler and other Center staff for all their help.
Of course, the real gratitude goes to the patrons, sponsors and
ticket purchasers whose generous support made all of this possible.
Rabbi Dov Kentof Honored for Educational Excellence
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is pleased to
announce that Rabbi Dov Kentof, Director
Eméritas of Education & Youth, is this year’s
recipient of the Rabbi David Gaffney Leadership
in Education Award. For over 20 years, Rabbi
Kentof instilled a sense of Jewish identity in the
children of our congregation, the Jacksonville
community and throughout the Southeast, through
innovative programs, a unique educational style and
genuine concern for the individual. Mazel tov to
Dov & Alina Kentof and family on this well
deserved honor.
L to R: Raffle Co-Chairs, Amy Goodman
and Faye Mizrahi
Raffle Committee:
Helen & Michael DuBow Honorary Chairs
Amy Goodman & Faye Mizrahi... Raffle CoChair
Sandy Zimmerman Patron Tickets
Elyse Whitman Ticket Chair
Susan DuBow Program Chair
Dina Fetner & Karen Gare Decorating
Kim Robbins & Wendy Pozin Patron Gifts
Amy Goodman Graphics
Emilie Christenson Fashion Show Consultant
Robin Allerding
Debbie Banks
Carla Bernard
Shirley Bielski
Lauren Block
Philip Bloom
Naomie Bossen
Elayne Brown
Ana Butensky
Sonya Cohen
Susan Cohen
Linda DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Rhoda Goldstein
Jon Goodman
Sara Gross
Risa Herman
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Heidi Katzin
Samantha Levin
Sue & Mitchell Levine
Marla Lewis
Michelle Margol
Tracy Margol
Betsy Mizrahi
Jack Mizrahi
Steven Mizrahi
Robin Morris
Karen Morse
Rhonda Passink
Andy Raitt
Jeanine Rogozinski
Perrin Rubin
Natalie Sandler
Joan Waitz
Cindy Wohl
Katy Yarish
BruceYergin
Fashion Show Models:
Geoffrey Berlin, Alexandra Block, Megen Block,
Izaak Butensky, Talia Fetner, Jennifer Gartner, Barry
Goodman, Sam Goodman, Seth Goodman, Sydney
Gross, Sami Grossman, Erica Katzin, Sami Katzin,
Anna Levin, Emily Levine, Jenna Levine, Chandler
Luellen, Elana Maiman, Hannah Mizrahi, Rachel
Mizrahi, Jacob Orender, Zachary Orender, Jacob
Pollan, Rebekah Pollan, Avi Rubin, Micah Rubin, Ari
Sandler, Sarit Sandler, Sam Whitman and Aron
Zimmerman.
33
===== PAGE 54 =====
THE GATE
GOVERNORS
CLUB
The Gate Petroleum Company
of Jacksonville, is proud to own
and operate three of the most
prestigious private membership
clubs in Florida— the Ponte
Vedra Inn & Club, Epping
Forest Yacht Club, and The
Lodge & Club. From this premier portfolio
of clubs, an exciting membership has
evolved...The Gate Governors Club.
A membership in the Governors Club
makes it possible to enjoy privileges at
any combination of two or more clubs
within the Gate family. Club
combinations are conveniently
packaged and are attractively priced
creating a tremendous value.
Governors Club members enjoy such
diverse features as a world class marina,
Atlantic Ocean beaches, championship gc
tennis, fitness and a luxury spa. A variety
of outstanding restaurants and an exciting
social calendar makes this membership
a desirable choice.
Fore more information on membership
opportunities and benefits available with
the Gate Governors Club please call
(904) 739-7200. We welcome your call.
34
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
Special Events
We Gratefully Acknowledge
Our Community Sponsors
Foundmg Sponsors:
X The -g' VIII • -| -|
Jacksonville
“STBank
and The Gottlieb Family
Event Sponsor:
Merrill Lynch
Front 9 Sponsor:
Wachovia
Hole-In-One Cars Sponsor:
Coggin Automotive Group
Corporate Sponsors:
DuBow Family Foundation
Jacksonville Jaguars
Jacksonville Greyhound Racing
Prudential Securities -
The Jaffe Group
Far East Brokers & Consultants
American Fidelity Assurance
Shorstein Family Foundation
Shorstein & Kelly,
Attorneys at Law, PA
The Jim Kennedy Family
Hardage-Giddens
Funeral Homes and Cemeteries
Hole Sponsors
The Allerding Family
Bennetts Business Systems
Block Family Foundation
Blosam Construction/Harris, Guidi
& Rosner, Attorneys at Law
Commercial Coatings, Inc.
Greene-Hazel & Associates, Inc.
Koss - Olinger Financial Services
The Kraemer Family
Mitchell R. Levine, D.M.D.and
Brandon Pest Control
Liberty Furniture
Mardant Electric
Milton, Leach, Whitman, D’Andrea,
Charek & Milton
North Florida Plumbing
The Right Company
River City Security Company
David Robbins, Esquire
The Roey Family
The Rothstein Family
Drs. Ken Sekine & Todd Rasner
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Vandroff Insurance
Daniel F. Wilensky, Esquire
4th Annual JJC Golf Classic
A Big Win for Scholarships.
The Annual JJC Golf Classic, played at the Ponte Vedra Ocean Course,
is one of only three elite charitable events held at the prestigious course. Not
only was it a great financial success, but a GREAT TIME was had by all who
teed off in glorious weather, on a beautiful course. Camaraderie was high and
the competition was keen. Congratulations to all.
The credit for this outstanding program goes to Scott
Allerding, tournament chairman, Lori Schoettler, Center
administrative liaison and the committee. Additional thanks
goes to a great crew of tournament-day volunteers: Robin
Allerding, Helen DuBow, Michelle Margol and Jeanine
Rogozinski.
The Horty T. Gendzier Cup was presented to the
tournament winners: Bill Dennis, Bob Sarvis, Steve
Silverman and Rich Zanghetti.
Horty Gendzier was a major force in Jewish education at the Center.
Her lifelong commitment to Jewish education in Jacksonville paved the way
for countless numbers of children to experience the beauty, worth and
importance of leading a Jewish life. Fulfilling Horty Gendzier s vision, the
mission of the JJC Golf Classic is to make education at the Solomon Schechter
Day School accessible to all Jewish children. This major fundraising event
provides scholarships to any child in need of financial assistance, regardless
of synagogue affiliation.
Horty T. Gendzier CT
Above: Edith Horovitz (l) and her father, Sheldon Gendzier
(r), pose with the receipients (ctr) of the Horty I Gendzier
Cup, presented to the winning team.
35
===== PAGE 56 =====
3511 St. Augustine Road • Jacksonville, FL 32207 • (904) 346-3005
Roosevelt • Mandarin • University
Beaches • Fleming Island
www.steinmart.com • 1-888-Stein Mart
department store prices. Every day
Stoulilz^t
Fashion and Quality. Always at discount prices.
L SHANAH TOVAH
The Portnoy’s
Michael, Andrea, Louis, and Risa
36
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
Special Events
2005 PerForm¡NCj Artíst Seríes
Once again, the Performing Artsist Series offered a well-rounded trio of programs.
Joan Waitz, PAS chair, and her committee selected high quality entertainers who captured
the spirit of Jewish culture. Performances are sponsored in part by Mr. & Mrs. Milton
Berman in memory of their sons, David Randy Berman and Alan Berman
2003 Performing Artist
Series Committee
Chairperson
Joan Waitz
Committee
Shirley Bielski
Etta Fialkow
Susan DuBow
Marilyn Garber
Rhoda Goldstein
Wendy Honigman
Eva Jackler
Joan Levin
Sonya Morris
Circulation
Rita Baumgarten
Marsha Berdit
Elayne Brown
Estelle Kritz
Shirley Schinasi
Blanche Slott
Hilda Warfield
At The Door
Sonya Morris
Kate Robbins
Martha Savage
Hilda Warfield
Receptions
Margo’s Catering
Reception Centerpieces
Billy Schneider
Support Staff
Center Administrative Staff
Maintenance Staff
DAVid GlickMAN
"LaUqIhiNQ ÍROM LeFt TO RÍqIht"
Sunday, February 23, 2003
We laughed until we cried at
over 50 hilarious musical parodies
like The Phantom of the Synagogue
and Everything's Coming Up Moses.
Glickman is a master story teller and
wonderful musician whose show was appreciated by young and old. Meeting
him was a treat. This was a lighthearted opening to the season.
Sam GIaser
SiNQER - SoNQWRÍTER
Sunday, March 23, 2003
Sam Glaser was “so cool” and “so haimishe.”
The audience adored him. His contemporary rhythms
appealed to all ages. Sam’s own compositions embrace
the joy and hope of the Jewish people with power and
passion. We especially enjoyed learning and performing
songs with him.
RobyN HeIzner Trío
Sunday, May 11, 2003
The captivating performers
of the Robyn HeIzner Trio truely
connected with the audience.
From the exuberant melodies of
modem Israel to the folk songs
of Eastern Europe, love songs of
Spain, and contemporary tunes of
America, the Trio’s broad
repertoire reflected the vibrance
of Jewish music. It was a rousing
finale to a memorable Performing
Artist Series.
37
===== PAGE 58 =====
Look and feel fabulous from head to toe
CAPtlli
Salon & Spa
Hair® skin* nails & massage
Day of Beauty Packages
and Gift Certificates A vai!able
MM 0010701
Mandarin
10092-6 San Jose Blvd.
288.0200
international mortgage consultants
(904) 288-8499
Fax:(904)288-7889
Michael A. Miller
Licensed Mortgage Broker
mmiller@ imcflorida.com
ChaiiesZMibab
Licensed Mortgage Broker
cmibab @ imcflorida.com
5150 Belfort Road, Suite 201 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
38
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Special Events
Holiday Celebrations
Hanukkah Happenings
Annual Lag B’Omer Picnic
Nearly 300 people crowded the synagogue for the annual congregational
party which included activity booths run by the Religious School, dinner by
Margo’s Catering and over two dozen fabulous craft exhibits.
Over two dozen “Reach-to-the-Beach” members had a grand time making
latkes and playing dreidel at a dinner for those who live at the beach.
Families poured into the Center
Recreational Park & Campgrounds for
the official opening of Camp Neshama,
at the Lag B’Omer picnic in May. It was a
wonderful afternoon filled with fun, food
friends and “Mitzvah Clowns.”
Purim-a-Plenty
Queen Esther, Haman and a variety of other
characters had a blast at the Preschool and Day
School programs.
No one partied better than the adults. “My
Big, Fat Shushan Wedding” was the zaniest Purim
dinner and program on record!
39
===== PAGE 60 =====
5
uuuuuuuuuu
¡i¡
$l!l
Romantic Weddings
Bar & Bat Mitzvah
Outstanding Family Portraiture
Commercial & Advertising
Members of
S.E. Professional Photographers of America
Professional Photographers Society of N.F.
Florida Professional Photographers
Call Ramfis or Donna Today for
your photographic needs.
268-3044
Ramfis.com
40
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Ethan Murray Platock
June 5,2002
parents
Leslie & Brian Platock
grandparents
Linda Gartner Ginsberg
Dr. Gerald Platock
great-grandmother
Clara Gartner
Julia Paige Sparks
August 25,2002
parents
Beth & David Sparks
grandparents
Sandra & Martin Weiss
great-grandmother
Eunice Safer
Micah Bradley Kornblum
July 20,2002
parents
Sheri & Craig Kornblum
grandparents
Annetta & Gene Kornblum
great-grandfather
Bernard Allen
Ethan Mitchell Plotkin
August 29,2002
parents
Jennifer & Rick Plotkin
grandparents
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
great-grandmother
Fannie Levin
Evan Philip Burman
July 16,2002
parents
Lori & David Burman
grandparents
Sandi & Sherwin Burman
Joshua Jacob Kentof
August 10,2002
parents
Leigh & Dr. Gil Kentof
grandparents
Alina & Rabbi Dov Kentof
Adam Gabriel Maman
August 30,2002
parents
Pamela & Ofir Maman
Jonah Mac Presser
September 10,2002
parents
Debby & Jeffrey Presser
grandparents
Anne & Edwin Presser
great-grandfather
Joseph Cohen
MiLOON DECO WfIJfQ
ItECMLIifl
Take your next event to new heights!
Gala Affairs/Grand Openings
Corporate Events/Tradeshows
Banquets/Award Ceremonies
Weddings/Receptions
Proms/Reunions/Parties
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Billie Turner (904) 399-2883
Simchas & Special Celebrations
Start With
Invitations from Marcia Wasserman
27 Years Experience Selling Superb Collections of
Unique and Traditional Personalized Papers
20% DISCOUNT 246-3246
OFF RETAIL PRICE FOR APPOINTMENT
(Your House or Mine)
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
41
===== PAGE 62 =====
Jay’s
Profesional
aners & Laundry
10025 San Jose Blvd. * Jacksonville FI. 32257
(904) 268-8280
Open: 7 am - 7 pm • Mon. - Fri.
9 am - 5 pm • Sat.
DIAMONDS'HIGH GRADE WATCHES •HANDGUNS
14K GOLD BRACELETS, RINGS & CHAINS
LARGE LOANS OUR SPECIALTY
^Cox ^cwclrg ^/!onn Qo*
525 W. Bay Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
PETER LESNIK (904) 354-5386
RICHARD LESNIK (904)358-1207
Fine Family Dining
<§>!=G>
Wishing our customers a Happy New Year!
The Dupont Statidn
6271 St. Augustine Road, Suite 7
PH - 733.1199 FAX 733.1269
□ pen & Days a Week
LUNCH: DINNER
Mon. - Fri Mon. - Sat
11:00-2:30 5:00- 11:00
SAH MARCO
petites
A Collection of Tine Clothing 6 A«ruorifi
Phone (904) 396-8618
2002 San Marco Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Monday - Saturday • 10 to 6
www.sanmarcopetites.com
Anyone Can Piay Music,
We Entertain!
BEAUTY EMPORIUM
HAIRCARE • SKINCARE • MAKEUP • FRAGRANCE
HISTORIC SAN MARCO
1515 Atlantic Blvd 904.396.4000
First Street
<3^ Wery
216-3 First Street
Neptune Seach, FL 32266
241-6926
A contemporary gallery of fine art
and craft specializing in works by
more than 30 local artists.
42
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 63 =====
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Samantha Morgan Zimmerman
September 12,2002
parents
Robin & Brad Zimmerman
grandparents
Barbara & Larry Jaffe
Ayden Benjamin Israel
September 17,2002
parents
Kim & Jon Israel
grandparents
Leslie & Eddie Held
Hannah Pendelton Goldfield
September 25,2002
parents
Ann & David Goldfield
grandparents
Marilynn & Ira Goldfield
great-grandmother
Jeanette Goldfield
Madison Kate Foster
September 30,2002
parents
Tracy & Greg Foster
grandparents
Maxine & Judge Don Romo
Lilah Juliet Weiss
October 13,2002
parents
Marilyn Presser & Bruce Weiss
grandparents
Anne & Edwin Presser
great-grandfather
Joseph Cohen
Bailey Ginsberg
December 16,2002
parents
Jill & Marc Ginsberg
grandmother
Linda Gartner Ginsberg
great-grandmother
Clara Gartner
Aidan Eli Silverman
December 26,2002
parents
Jessica & Dr. David Silverman
grandparents
Judy & Steve Silverman
great-grandmother
Miriam Edwards
Sydni Emma Souza
January 16,2003
parents
Marcy & Jason Souza
grandparents
Ellen & George Rubens
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
43
===== PAGE 64 =====
Traditional Elegance For Over 25 Years
Specializing in Bar & Bat Mitzvah’s,
Weddings and Special Occasions
Happy to Be the Exclusive Caterer
for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
WísIhímq Everyone a HAppy & HeaItIhy New Year
FiLled wrrh WoNdERful CeIeEratíons!
Phone Direct 268-4200 ext. 130 or 141 — Fax 268-5292
44
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 65 =====
Madalyn Amanda Pelegrin
January 18,2003
parents
Juli & Tom Pelegrin
grandmother
Wanda Mirkis
Shane Aaron Rubin
March 12,2003
parents
Feme & Arthur Rubin
Levi Cab D’Amato
May 13,2003
parents
Pamela & Peter D’Amato
grandparents
Elaine Rosen Rosenthal
Dr. Samuel Rosenthal
great- grandmother
Rachael Rosenthal
Lifecycle Events
Babies
Ori Ayal Dragon
January 29,2003
parents
Meredith & Zev Dragon
Noah Matthew Walter
February 22,2003
parents
Beth & Daryl Walter
grandparents
Phyllis & George Stmmlauf
Ethan Bernard Selevan
March 30,2003
parents
Jennifer & Marc Selevan
grandparents
Merle & Ronnie Cherry
Linda & Jack Selevan
great-grandmother
Alice Selevan
Zach Aaron Mizrahi
April 30,2003
parents
Mauri & Alan Mizrahi
grandparents
Judy & Dr. Ed Mizrahi
Bunny & Ed Witten
great-grandparents
Roz & Elliott Horovitz
Joe Mizrahi
Jacob Benjamin Selevan
June 19,2003
parents: Rebekah & Andrew Selevan
grandparents: Linda & Nathan Franzblau, Merle & Ronnie Cherry
and Linda & Jack Selevan; great-grandmother: Alice Selevan
Maya Sarina Weitzen
February 24, 2003
parents
Drs. Mangala & Michael Weitzen
grandparents
Dianne & Dr. Jerome Weitzen
Jeremy Phillip Zaifert
May 3,2003
parents
Talie & Dana Zaifert
grandparents
Shirley & Abe Bielski
Evan Andrew McLeod
June 30,2003
parents
Tavi & Grant McLeod
great-grandparents
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen
45
===== PAGE 66 =====
mmmm
R & S of Jacksonville Inc.
“Expert Quality Picture Framing
At Affordable Prices”
Sean and Sara Reninger
Office (904) 733-6544 5923 St. Augustine Rd.
Fax (904) 733-1254 Jacksonville, FL 32207
r
m & h promotions
"for all your promotional
needs"
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Favors
Corporate Events & Promotions
215-938-7188
Cathvs
Creations
Balloon
Decorating
Cathy
Harrison,
Owner
Banquets
Weddings
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Class Reunions
Proms
Corporate & Gala
Affairs
Professional Balloon
Decorating For All
Your Special Events!
No Job Too Small!
904-246-5580
"Adding
n to Ideas”
u
THEME PARTIES
RENTAL PROPS
EVENT COORDINATION
www.mugwumpproductions.com
Contact
Barbara Morrow
(904) 398-9971
THE THEME TEAM!
//
Let Us Make Your
Event Special
Choose from a vast array of:
• Decorator Linens • Colorful Tents
• Fine China • Tables & Chairs
• Classic Flatware
• Wedding/Caterlng Accessories
. . . and so much more!
We have qualified staff that can assist you in
planning your special event
KIRBY RENTAL
8711 Philips Highway
739-1312 or 1-800-252-1312
46
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 67 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Eric Brinton Gerbert
August 2-3, 2002
parents
Ruthie & Dr. Bradley Berger
Debi & Jeff Gerbert
A. Michael Wohl
August 30-31, 2002
parents
Cindy & Dr. Daniel Wohl
grandmother
Estelle Kritz
Talia Gabrielle Fleet
August 9-10, 2002
parents
Janis & Bob Fleet
Janna Sarah Cohen
October 4-5,2002
parents
Susan & Norman Cohen
grandmother
Sylvia Wexler
Tess Natashia Wilensky
August 16-17, 2002
parents
Cathy & Dan Wilensky
Luria Joy Rittenberg
October 11-12, 2002
parents
Meryl & Dr. Harris Rittenberg
Debra Leah Mizrahi
August 23-24, 2002
parents
Nancy & Jack Mizrahi
grandfather
Joe Mizrahi
Max Olin Pittman
October 18-19, 2002
parents
Suzanne & Mark Pittman
“We go the extra mile”
V
Janice Meisel
Manager
janice.bptravel@wspan.com
I R T U O S O
Bus. 904-262-991 1
Fax 904-262-5707
1-800-678-1827
SPECIALISTS IN THE ART OF TRAVEL
Formerly API Travel Consultants
BUSINESS & PLEASURE TRAVEL, INC.
10601 San Jose Boulevard, Suite 213, Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Multi-lingual Staff Mandarin Landing
5&S& St. Augustine Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 92207
904. 791.4177
Shampoo
& Conditioner
Products AsisasSíl I
foil Polish,
Lipsticks,
foto Up, £tc.
fm i Combs
& Brushes
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
47
===== PAGE 68 =====
‘Happy New Year to all our friends and clients at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. We hope to continue
providing all your party needs for the coming year.
Whether you're planning a Wedding, Bar Mitzvah or
Bat Mitzvah, Birthday Party or a Special Event, we
have the largest selection of props and party ideas
to handle all your needs. PRI Productions has the
experience and know-how to make your event
flawless and memorable. Call me, I’m here to help.”
Excitement
created here!
ctio«s
1819 Kings Avenue • Jacksonville, FL 32207 • 904.398.8179 • 904.398.1569 Fax • www.priproductions.com
Audio / Visual • Special Events • Show Production • Theme Decor • Event Management • Equipment Sales • Graphic Design • Video Production
48
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 69 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Kyle Alexander Vining
November 1-2, 2002
parents
Elissa & Scot Vining
Lisa Renee Zavon
November 15-16, 2002
parents
Shelly & David Zavon
Molly Carin Seebol
November 22-23, 2002
parents
Sharon & Jerry Seebol
grandmother
Rochelle Shainbrown
Joseph Michael Yarish
November 29-30, 2002
parents
Katy & Dr. Paul Yarish
Jonathan Ralph Sandler
December 6-7, 2002
parents
Drs. Dayan & Jeffrey Sandler
Sam Goldman
December 6-7, 2002
in Atlanta, GA
parents
Suzy & Richard Goldman
grandparents
Marilyn & Nathan Sandler
Abigail Faith Weiss
December 13-14, 2002
parents
Lisa & Dr. David Weiss
Alix Louise Margolies
December 20-21, 2002
parents
Jan & Alan Margolies
Your Supermarket of Party Supplies
QjJJra
• Paper & Plastic Plates • Catering Supplies • Theme Decorations
• Collored Napkins • Bulk Goods • Wedding Accessories
• Tablecovers & Skirting • Baking Accessories • Balloons & Helium
• Plastic Drinkware • In-Store Imprinting • Costumes, etc.
6849 St. Augustine Road 737-7700
2024 Kingsley Avenue 276-5313
4495 Roosevelt Blvd 388-2004
11629 San Jose Blvd 880-2000
1388 Beach Blvd., Jax Bch.. 242-4997
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
===== PAGE 70 =====
For all your Specid
Simchas
Weddings
Bar & Bat
Mitzvahs
Anniversaries
Reunions .
^ BJ Brown
Photographic Artist
50
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 71 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Andrew William Goldman
January 3-4, 2003
parents
Jackie & Stephen Goldman
grandparents
Cathy & Joel Goldman
Shaun Harold Lesnik
January 10-11, 2003
parents
Tammy & Richard Lesnik
grandparents
Phyllis & Pete Lesnik
Rachael Stacey Sail
January 24-25, 2003
parents
Patricia & Dr. David Sail
Rachael Rebecca Warfield
January 31 - February 1,
2003
parents
Risa & Dr. Steven Warfield
Millette Warfield
grandmother
Hilda Warfield
Mark Jeremy Safer
February 7-8, 2003
parents
Ilisa & Steven Safer
grandparents
Harriett & Dr. Edwin Safer
great grandmother
Mary Safer
Eddie K.R. Norton
February 28 - March 1, 2003
parents
Missy & Karl Frisch
Rick Norton
grandparents
Lilo & Harry Frisch
Michael Issac Kessler
March 7-8, 2003
parents
Laurette & Mark Kessler
Melissa Rachel Neadle
March 14-15,2003
parents
Susan & Jeffrey Neadle
>/,
SALON Al
'on
DAY SPA
260-9523
TOTAL HAIR CARE
MASSAGE THERAPY
NAIL CARE
BODYTREATMENTS
SKIN CARE
http://www. netstopusa.com/mijon
MERCHANTS WALK
9065 SAN JOSE BLVD. • JACKSONVILLE FL 32257
Xa
A Unique Entertainment Inc.
TA0000491
Your One Stop Entertainment Shop
Caddie ^Duiye/t
President
"A Women-owned Business"
Phone: 904.278.5454
Toll Free: 888.925.5454
E-mail: webookem@comcast.net
Fax: 904.278.4366
222 Industrial Loop, Suite 78
Orange Park, FL 32073
www.webookem.com
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
51
===== PAGE 72 =====
aM|fy|) i Photograph:
OJ’^s MC’s
tC® mofe
Íti iür» r ^ LiV^ Eriit^rtciIrMnMwIr
Wedding aridtjly ”
Even I V ideograph tr«
intmftMimnw
W: Partying with Central»Florida
■p y for Qyer 1Q Years!
11 Vour “TOrAt SOLUTION” for
Weddings, Birthdays, Bar/Bat Mitzvahs,
.Quinceañeras, Anniversaries, Retirement.
407-772-9000
CALL
398-8601
“YOUR HAPPINESS
IS GUARANTEED"
%
a
21
CITY WIDE
& BEACHES
DELIVERY
3802
BEACH BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207
YOUR
...because any day
can be a special occasion.
II
\ WpSSSpiiip
* i I a
Ijm :]
||¡||L: 'I
Kg I Pfi
| § I i#
ALL MAJOR CARDS ACCEPTED BY PHONE
1-800-458-KUHN
FLORIST
AMERICAN!
EXPRESS J
52
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 73 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Jacob Allerding
April 4-5, 2003
parents
Robin & Scott Allerding
Gabrielle Halpern Margol
April 4-5, 2003
parents
Michelle & Drew Margol
grandparents
Bobbi & Bennie Margol
Paul David Sandler
March 21-22, 2003
parents
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
grandparents
Elaine & Jack Koolik
Irma & Joseph Sandler
Benjamin Ian Morse
March 28-29, 2003
parents
Karen & Todd Morse
grandparents
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen
Adam Michael Friedman
April 25-26, 2003
parents
Virginia & Martin Friedman
Sophie Rose Rothstein
May 2-3, 2003
parents
Diane & Dr. Mitchell Rothstein
grandparents
Lorraine & Paul Rothstein
Brandon Tarchis
May 3, 2003
in Coral Springs, FL
parents
Nancy & Todd Tarchis
grandmother
Mrs. Bernard Heyman
Danielle Sophia Palombo
May 9-10, 2003
mother
Vicki Palombo
hr. Fíané i\
Y? ENTERTAINMENT
UNIQUE ART AND FRAMING
5025 San Jose Blvd.
For the event to remember....
choose the entertainment that you’ll never forget
737-2919
Mon. - Fri. 9-6 - Sat. 10-4
f 15% OFF Custom Framing ^
l with mention of Center Yearbook Ad J
Anniversaries & Birthdays * Bar & Bat Mitzvahs * Picnics
Corporate Events * Wedding Ceremonies & Receptions
DVD System * State of the art equipment
Formal attite * More than 100,000 titles
Expires 9/30/04
When Quality Comes First... So Do We
www .mrframeit.com
Call 904.220.8156
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
53
===== PAGE 74 =====
Need To Flan fl special Event?
Dave & Buster's is the premier place in Jacksonville for Bar/Bat mitzvahs.
For the very best in games and dining, get to Dave and Buster's. We have a
menu full of mouth-watering, chef-prepared dishes, plus the latest in electronic
games and interactive simulators, along with classic games like billiards and
shuffleboard. Dave and Buster's. It's always a good time. Dave and Buster's
Special Events Team can eliminate the hassles of event planning by providing
you with everything you could possibly need whether your group is 20 or 2,000.
Call our Special Event Team today to make your next event a huge success!
Ice Sculptures
Party Favors
D.J. services
Themed Events
Mouth-Watering Menus
Scavenger Hunt
Mystery Dinner Theatre
Merchandise • Shuffleboard
Million Dollar Midway
Bars • Billiards
Serious Food. Outrageous Fun.
1-95 @ J. Turner Butler Blvd 202 • 904.296.1525
www.daveandbusters.com
54
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 75 =====
Lifecycle Events
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Corey Jordan Portnoy
May 23-24, 2003
parents
Julia & Jay Portnoy
grandmother
Phyllis Portnoy
Jennifer Samantha Richter
May 30-31,2003
parents
Shelli & Robert Richter
grandmother
Joan Richter
Ariella Pauline Fleet
August 1-2, 2003
parents
Beth & Michael Fleet
grandparents
Marcia & Norman Kleiman
Zachary Aaron Schemer
August 8-9, 2003
parents
Kim & Hal Schemer
grandparents
Frances & Harry Schemer
Mathew Benjamin Glassman
August 15-16, 2003
parents
Jan & Bruce Glassman
grandparents
Joe Mizrahi
Neil Isaac Maiman
August 22-23, 2003
parents
Lynn & Leonardo Maiman
grandparents
Beverly & William Goldstein
Marcus Ross Bettman
August 29-30, 2003
parents
Robin & Gerald Bettman
grandfather
Manfred Rotstein
Raymond Ehrlich
Michael Warren Kluger
August 29-30, 2003
parents
Lynn & Dr. Warren Kluger
Scott Foster Trio
fazz - Swing - Blues
contact: Scott Foster
www.mp3.com/scottfoster
scottboy@aol.com
904-367-8327
“conversation friendly” jazz and pop for all occasions
From Generation to Generation . . .
L'Por **«-
TfíGV'Por
A Celebration of Popular Sc Jewish Music
* Weddings * Bar/Bat Mitzvahs * Parties
* Holidays * Special Occasions
Jay Sandler Ken Organes
(904-) 285-7372 (904) 262-1180
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
55
===== PAGE 76 =====
É£
press releasesi^advertisingj^graphic design
event planning
Stacey Goldring
UChaim!
Building your inspirations into reali
Jacksonville’s Finest Gift Center
We Mail • We Deliver
3610 St. Johns Avenue
(Avondale Center)
Phone (904) 389-2110
10601-6 San Jose Blvd.
(Mandarin Landing)
Phone (904) 886-4715
James & Margo Ossi
Owners
phone (904) 739-2189 email whatastory@com cast.net
adam's mank
Jacksonroille
Located Downtown on the St. Johns River
225 Coast Line Drive E j
Jacksonville, FL 32202
904.633.9095
www. adamsmark. com
All Adam’s Mark hotels and facilities provide service
you have experienced discrimination or have been treated ill
For Your Next Big Simcha you can trust the catering staff of
The Adam’s Mark Hotel Jacksonville to expertly prepare kosher meals to
your liking. Our Banquet Service Managers have existing relationships with
local rabbis, so you can be sure every aspect of your event will be carefully
planned under their supervision. All kosher meals are prepared from scratch
and served with Adam’s Mark’s award-winning style. We can even provide
you with customized menus. Adam’s Mark Hotels offer a variety of
wedding, Bar/Bat Mitzvah and holiday packages tailored to your needs.
For kosher catering choose Adam s Mark where superior service is a tradition.
e tolikgpons, without regard to race or color, and Adam's Mark is committed to providing quality service and treatment to all of its guests and patrons. If you believe that
caled uHqually because of your race or color, Adam ’s Mark urges you to share your concerns with our compl anee officer by calling the toll-free number at. 877-754-9940.
Bridal Registry • Fine Jewelry
Engraving • Jewelry Repair
Unique Bath & Linen Boutique
LOKDS
56
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 77 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Arlene Dittman and Gary Schwartz
August 11,2002,
in Princeton, New Jersey
parents
Anita & Jack Dittman
Rachel Siegel and Morry Safer
October 13,2002
in Boston, MA
parents
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Andrea Herz and Andy Lipman
September 1,2002, in Atlanta, Georgia
grandmother: Rose Goldberg
MASTERPIECE
Excellence In Event
Entertainment
&
Videography
Lana Elliott
904-221-1347
MasterpieceEntertainment.com
DANCE BANDS
Variety Swing Jazz Top 40
Oldies Country Tropical Ethnic
DISC JOCKEYS
MCs Party Motivators Karaoke
SOLOISTS
Harp Flute Violin Piano Vocals
Saxophone Violin Trumpet
CLASSICAL ENSEMBLES
Duos Trios Quartets Quintets
DIGITAL VIDEO
Custom Designed Packages
For Your Style & Budget
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
57
===== PAGE 78 =====
Best Wishes For A Happy New Year
with deep appreciation to all my friends
that have heen so loyal to me
Specializing in Ca
Bar & Bat Mitzvahs ana
ses
Al
or Wedd ings
Other Occasions
Baked to Order by Appointment Only
Pkone 744-6799 or 744-2016
5913 Merrill Road, Jacksonville, FL 32211
58
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 79 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Suzanne Broadman and Eric Bershad
November 16,2002
parents
Ruchel & Dr. Stephen Broadman
grandmother
Elsie Yellin
Sharryse Pozin and Michael Fraley
November 17,2002
parents
Michele Yergin Fadely
and Jan Pozin
COMFORT INN - OCEANFRONT
1515 North First Street • Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
Paradise...at an Affordable Price! (904) 241-2311 or 1 -800-654-8776
Affordable Price.
Paradise...at an
• All rooms oceanfront/oceanview with
spacious, private balconies
• Four waterfalls cascade into a 120 ft.
heated pool from sculptured rock formation
• Our hot pool spa features an oceanfront
garden grotto
• Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast
• Full-service banquet facility for Bar-Bat
Mitzvah, wedding and other celebations
• Kokomo's Beach Bar & Deck,
Oasis Restaurant
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
59
===== PAGE 80 =====
Mandarin's Largest
Most Complete Agency
Whether you're on your way for business
or pleasure — we're dedicated to making
your trip as pleasant as possible ... seeing
you get there with the greatest ease, at the
lowest price! We'll arrange it all.
Betty Rohan
★ We Accept All Credit Cards
1 (2aizzs, úna.
JUDYBROWN-SCOTT
Confectionery Architect
ffxomd\/\u GPzivcdz GoUzation'
Ga&zs for diti Oaaasions
Original • £7\iionaLizsA
CALL FOR APPOINTMENT
(904)730-8746
£101-4 &HJ. D\iru]i cSoutlz * ¿JaoftionuiJXe., 32217 # 904.-636-0908
E-mail: judyscakeslnc@aol.com
Judy’s Cakes Presents
i
TEA ROOM
9825-33 San Jose Blvd.
(Mandarin Outback Plaza)
c£uncAe&* tidal SAomczs' • cfáiitAday£'
• Sfzeciat Occasions'
262-1747
www.goawayplease.com
Ct5ioupn/-Soolt/ 6c ^JoapUL % uunfl&tcl/
8101-3 <&ld/ cKinq& cRxxacL, § • ^acf&orwiliec, ^latida/ 32217
904-419-6000 • %-maii: rosefieldlanetea@aol.com
LA TIENDA JEWELRY
Every item in our store is high quality and up to date fashion, you will receive friendly and courteous
service. We are experts in our field.
WE HAVE QUALITY DIAMONDS AT DISCOUNT PRICES
If we do not have what you are looking for, we will be happy to custom design it —expecially for you.
When looking for quality and expert advice on your next jewelry purchase, and the best VALUE for
the dollars you spend.... LA TIENDA JEWELRY IS THE PLACE TO GO!
HONESTY, INTEGRITY AND TRUST are important factors to consider when making a fine jewelry
purchase. At La Tienda Jewelry, we offer you that and much more . . . Come in and inquire about
our special prices that are sure to please.
Sawrovski • Coin Jewelry • Seiko • Chains Bracelets • Charms • Earrings
SEE OUR LARGE SELECTION OF JUDAIC JEWELRY
Expert Jewelry and Watch Repair
6059 St. Augustine Road • 731-4646
www.latiendajewelry.com
Member: Jewelers of America Inc., Jewelers Board of Trade and J.V.C.
60
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 81 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Paige Kornblum and Rocky Kauffman
March 15,2003
parents
Annetta & Gene Kornblum
grandfather
Bernard Allen
Allison Weiss and Ryan Sherman
May 25,2003
in Coconut Grove, Florida
mother
Wanda Mirkis
liv 'r Twis t
Mobile Mixology
Complete leverage Catering
Weddings • Bar Mitzvahs • Corporate c£ Private Parties
We Provide Pars, Bartenders
Mixers, (glassware ¿¿ Pill Supplies
241-6S5S
I Furt B©ai$ers Fr<
Margarita
aZc®h®Z ®r fi®fi aZc<
si
as, Bai^uiris, &dc.I
§h®Z avaiZafeZe
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
61
===== PAGE 82 =====
Tk average tomato ki
57.3G5 ieedi.
It) all M tk detail/.
At Tk Loop) paying attention to detail i/ju/t one oí
tk rea/on/ we ve been ío /ucce/zíul ior ove^ 10 yean
It r^eaní teaioninc) o^r iood with krb/ tkt are
kind Cut daily It alio ^ean/ p^epannq everything
to order. Experience it íor your/eli
Vi/it any oí our 11 fir/t Coa/t location/ today
vaJv/Uv/U
.LooppizzayitLCo/^
1440 San, Marco Bled. telepkone 398.1949 veww.BistroX.com
62
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 83 =====
Lifecycle Events
Weddings
Cheryl Silke and Gregory Benisch
June 15, 2003
in North Brunswick, New Jersey
parents
Ann & Leon Silke
grandmother
Rosalind Klein
Limousine &C
Transportation Service
10220 New Berfitt Road, Suite 100
Jacksonville, Florida. 32226
(904) 744-3333
Fax (904) 751-5466
1-800-456-5466
E-maiC: danasCimo@aoC.cont
Gifts & Antiques
• BAR <& BAT MITZVAHS • WEDDINGS
• SPECIAL OCCASIONS • PROMS • VIPs
• CLIENT ENTERTAINMENT • CONVENTIONS
www.danasiimo.com
Jacksonville’s One Stop Wedding Source
• Planning • Decorating
• Designer Gowns • Floral
• Party Rental • and Mor e!!
“A Day to Remember” Weddings
10092-5 San Jose Blvd.
Phone: 904-880-5100
Fax: 904-880-5071
Owners: Susie Wagner and Tammy Woodcock
adaytorememberwedding@yahoo. com
www. adaytorememberweddings. com
Tuesday-Friday 10-5 Saturday 12-4
Hand Painted
Dinnerware & Accessories
exclusively at III Lions in Jacksonville
HOME & GARDEN ACCENTS • BATH & BODY PRODUCTS
TOYS • JEWELRY • FREE GIFT WRAP
CONSIGN ANTIQUES & HOME FURNISHINGS
FREQUENT BUYER CARD • BRIDAL REGISTRY
1950 San Marco Blvd. • (904) 396-9519
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
63
===== PAGE 84 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE
President & General Manager
Florida’s Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356-4714 Fax: 359-0759
64
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 85 =====
Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main Street to Winona. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a
right on 43rd Street and the entrance is at
the next right, which is Liberty Street.
This year, middle school students of
the Solomon Schechter Day School learned,
through the Mitzvah Program, about the
respectful care of the dead, including tending
of burial sites. On a visit to the Old Cemetery,
they discovered that several family plots no
longer had loved ones to maintain them. The
students rolled up their sleeves and, with great care and respect, cleaned the
neglected headstones of a family that been laid to rest more than 50 years ago.
We are proud and grateful to these children for performing an important mitzvah.
Future plans for the cemetery include improvements to the entrances, as
well as additional landscaping. Contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund
in honor or in memory of loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Elyse Whitman, chairperson
Barbara Cantor
Charlotte Fialkow
Stacey Goldring
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Stuart Hecht
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Marsha Pollock
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Evan Yegelwel
Seeman Zimmerman
Students from Solomon Schechter Day
Schools Mitzvah Program cleaned
unattended headstones.
Hevra Kaddisha
Officers 2003-2004
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President/Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Fred Kupperman
Taharah Committee Chairs
Ilse Gottlieb
Sally Becker
Ava Axelrod
Vice President/Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Judaism is a faith that embraces all of life. Death is part of the cycle of life.
Just as Judaism leads us through moments of joy, so too does it lead us through
moments of grief at a death within our family.
At the time of a death, painful questions and concerns are natural. In the
midst of great loss we must deal with the procedures for proper burial. It is
perplexing to know how to care for the deceased.
It is then that the Hevra Kaddisha fulfills its purpose. First, the tahara,
preparing the deceased for burial, is performed by a committee made up of
caring lay members of the Jewish community. The customs for physical cleansing
and preparation are guided by the precept of respect for the dead mandated by
the Torah. Our members also recite the required prayers asking God for forgiveness
for any sins that may have been committed by the deceased, as well as praying
that the All Merciful guard them in eternal life.
The Jewish community of Jacksonville can feel assured, knowing that we
have a committee that is ready and w illing at all times to be of help. Call any
officer or member for immediate information on our services. WE ARE HERE
FOR YOU.
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
65
===== PAGE 86 =====
HARDAGE — GIDDENS
FUNERAL HOMES
AND
CEMETERIES
Gordon Hardage
Richard Hardage
Gordon Hardage, Jr.
J.A. (Jody) Brandenburg
Paul C. Naugle
Keith Reed
Robert Hardage
Victor Hardage
Francine Friedman
Leslie Wolfson
Jim Turtur
Randy Stuart
8 LOCATIONS
• 729 Edgewood Avenue S. • 4115 Hendricks Avenue
• 6940 Atlantic Boulevard • 4315 Main Street
• 850 North St. Johns Bluff Road * 5753 Blanding Boulevard
*11801 San Jose Boulevard (St. Rd.13) & Old Acosta Road
*1701 Beach Boulevard, Jacksonville Beach
Phone 355-5641
66
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 87 =====
Lifecycle Events
Dear Departed
Sally Waldman
August 12, 2002
Thea Brauner Schlesinger
August 16, 2002
Ethel M. Funk
August 17, 2002
Milton Dobrin
August 28, 2002
Irving Sutton
September 1, 2002
Lillian Shander
September 3, 2002
Simon Palevsky
September 6, 2002
Dorothy Schemer
September 9, 2002
Ari James Myers
September 12, 2002
Morris Levine
September 12, 2002
Earl “Allie” Goldstein
September 14, 2002
Shirley Rosenfield
September 15, 2002
Lena Finkel
September 16, 2002
Yetta Glick
September 18, 2002
Tillie Dick
September 30, 2002
Warren Sussin
October 7, 2002
Cecelia Tanner
October 8, 2002
Raymond Gross
October 14, 2002
Esther Dinin
October 15, 2002
Irene Lippman
October 17, 2002
Milton Sterman
October 27, 2002
Pauline Strumlauf
November 30, 2002
Robert Felder
December 4, 2002
Bessie Gamce
December 4, 2002
Blanche Marks
December 18, 2002
Rachel Gaffney
December 18, 2002
Hannah Honig
December 24, 2002
Miriam L. Sussman
December 28, 2002
Miriam Feigelson
January 9, 2003
Celia Lazarus Goodfarb
January 16, 2003
Betty Moskovitz Tarlyn
January 21, 2003
Paula F. Dwoskin
January 21, 2003
Lawrence Weiler
January 23, 2003
Roy Julius Sloat
January 29, 2003
David Mendel Cohen
February 6, 2003
Benno David Karstaedt
February 15, 2003
Charles H. Goldwater
February 17, 2003
Robert Lasris
March 3, 2003
Ginenda Banks
March 17, 2003
Amelia “Mimi Mendelson”
Fiordalisi
March 20, 2003
Edith Michelson
March 28, 2003
Jerry Feldman
April 3, 2003
May Goldie Stillman
April 16, 2003
Abram Pugachevskiy
April 23, 2003
Seymore Hoffenberg
April 25, 2003
Agnes Keifer
April 29, 2003
David Lewis
May 7, 2003
Abram Passink
June 2, 2003
Herb Osofsky
June 14, 2003
Mildred Edwards
June 14, 2003
William Datz Carlton
June 16, 2003
Mary Drashin
June 17, 2003
Stan Brezin
June 17, 2003
Florence Skop
June 20, 2003
Fannie Kantor Nachman
June 21, 2003
Leona Horwitz
July 27, 2003
Benson Cassel
August 13, 2003
Ruth Essock
August 18, 2003
Ida Millstone
August 21, 2003
Northside
4747 Main Street
Jacksonville, FL 32206
Phone 355-9545
George H. He well
anil &an
Funeral Homes
Southside
4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL32216
Phone 737-4855
George H. Hewell II
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
67
===== PAGE 88 =====
Goldfield & Associates
CHARTERED FINANCIAL CONSULTANT
& INSURANCE ADVISOR
Ira E. Goldfield, clu oifc
Providing Service in:
• Life Insurance Planning
• Disability Insurance Planning
•Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401(K) and Retirement Plans
1 Independent Drive • Suite 2901 • Jacksonville, Florida 32202 • (904) 354-3726
Securities and investment advisory services offered through Lincoln Financial Advisories Corp.,
member NASD, SIPC, and a registered investment advisor.
Insurance products offered through Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. and other fine companies.
68
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 89 =====
*144 d\£mzn2¡j£Z ^yízs m
In Loving Memory of
Lance Cohen ^1
Beloved Son and Brother
You will always be loved, missed
and in our hearts forever;
Nancy, Brian and Miri
===== PAGE 90 =====
(T/I4 d\£nZ£m(j£Z Yf(l£ m
In Loving Memory of
Stan Cohen^ 1
Devoted Husband and Father
You will always be loved, missed
and in our hearts forever
Nancy, Brian and Miri
70
===== PAGE 91 =====
— (Tl4 ^xkmznzíjEZ YHfzzm —
In Memory of
Our Beloved Parents
Seymour and Lillian Morse
You will be in our hearts forever
Todd and Karen Morse
Ben, Maci and Trudy
===== PAGE 92 =====
H44 dfyzmzmíjEX ^HÍze m —
In Loving Memory of
My Beloved Parents
Jack and Sue Becker ■"1
and Beloved Stepmother
Hattie Newman Becker ^
Mayer Gil Becker
Chicago, Illinois
In Memory of
Marty [Dad, Poppy] Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Elayne, Alison,
Alvin, Yolanda,
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie,
Dylan and Mason Brown
Felicia and Shelby Reed
72
===== PAGE 93 =====
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
devoted father,; grandfather;
great-grandfather and friend
Martin and Betty Edwards
Angela and Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David and Karen Steinfeld
Michael and Jordan
Julie and Wade Smith
Steven and Debbie Steinfield
Bret Aaron & Rachel
In Loving Memory of
Mickie Hurwitz
Beloved Wife, Mother; Grandmother & Friend
Lisa, Steve, Daniel
& Nathan Enfield
Steve, Pitzy &
Patricia Hurwitz
Arthur Hurwitz
73
===== PAGE 94 =====
^J/Pk cJ\£)7l£)7i¡7£Z m =====
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts Forever
Raela and Norman Moss
Frank, Arlene, Randy and Dori Moss
Sheldon and Elyne Moss
Rosanne, Andy,
Janna, Katie and Charlie Kauss
In Loving Memory of
Daniel Pollan
Helene Pollan and Sons
Arthur, Irving, Steven & Edward
and their Families
74
===== PAGE 95 =====
(l/lk <J^£,ni£.m¡j£x ^Ufizni =
We Remember Our Special Parents
Bertha and Hyman Selber
H. Joel Selber and Ina & Alan Taffet
In Loving Memory of
Fathers & Grandfathers
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
Jerry, Anita,
Jonathan, Andrea and Jeffrey Zucker
75
===== PAGE 96 =====
^VPk dxínzzftiíjzz [H/zsfti
In Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
Devoted husband, loving father
Sol Gottlieb
and doting grandfather
Audrey Baker
Sidney and Anne
Scott Baker
Rubens
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Reid, Suzette, Ryan,
Jared and Chad Baker
Gottlieb and Rubens
Ben, Natalie,
Family
Mathew & Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Melvin Jawitz
In Loving Memory of
Devoted husband, father
and grandfather
Joseph A. Laufer
AND
Devoted husband, father
and grandfather
Rita Falis
Devoted mother & grandmother
Susan Laufer
Marcia Jawitz
and Family
Lisa Coplan
Marvin Falis
76
===== PAGE 97 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Annie & Oscar Margol
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
Rea & Harry Jarchower
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, his precious smile & special love.
Bessie Gamce
Sonya & Jan Morris
Frieda Katz
Belle Margol
Debbie Simkin
Daniel Aron, Daren Joshua
& Shana Leslie
Melvin Margol
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Shira Rebecca, Aliza Danielle
& Zachary Asher
Marilyn & Wilbur Margol
and Family
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay Rebecca & Hallie Faryn
Jerald & Karen Morris
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
In Loving Memory of
Beloved Parents
Evelyn & Ralph
Norma & Harry
Mizrahi
Nachman
Ginnette & Charles Mizrahi
Edward Mark Nachman
Judy & David Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
77
===== PAGE 98 =====
(T/í4 ¿JxíftlZ)7i¡7£Z ^Jízzm
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
In Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
Always a part of our lives
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly Baker
Allen Ruby
Paula & Craig Warner
In Memory of
Al Edwards
who will always be in our hearts
Miriam Edwards
Sandy Edwards & Family
Linda & Michael Gard & Family
Judy & Steve Silverman & Family
In Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Harold Baker
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
loving husband, father & grandfather
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Eleanor Baker
Barbara & Michael Schneider
and Daughters
and Family
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
William K. Benjamin
Max & Paula Hirsch
Edith Abrams Benjamin
Wilhelm & Johanna Hirsch
David Joel Benjamin
Simon & Pessie Eckhaus
James Joseph Boyle
Sigmund & Josefine Reisch
Vera Vastine Boyle
and Our Family Members
Mary Etta Seeba
Martyred 1939-1945
Morton & Vera Benjamin
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
78
===== PAGE 99 =====
d^zmzmtjzx
In Loving Memory of
Ronald L. Koenigsberg
June Silverstein
Jack Silverstein
Alvin Koenigsberg
Laura S. Koenigsberg
Leo B. Koenigsberg
Lovingly,
Helene, Eric & Dr. Adam Koenigsberg
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Barney and Rachel Margolin
Louis and Rene Roey
David Benjamin
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Scott, Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie Roey
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband,
Father & Grandmather
Phyllis Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of
Phillip Schemer
loving husband, father & grandfather
Margaret Schemer
Phyllis & Marvin Gross
Steven Gross
Stephanie Arlotti
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
The DuBow Family
In Memory of
Our Beloved Parents
David B. Silverman
Glaydys C. Silverman
m'
Alexander (Al) H. Edwards
Judy & Steve Silverman
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents & Grandparents
Blanche & Sam Marks
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Alan, Jo, Jennie & Josh Marks
Stacie & Sam Linsky
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
devoted husband & loving father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren & Rick
79
===== PAGE 100 =====
(T44 dxsftismljsz [Uízsnz
In Loving Memory of my Parents
Bill & Betty Soforenko
I wish Peace, Health,
Prosperity, Joy and
a Heartfelt Happy New Year to All
Renee Soforenko
In Memory of
Rose & Isadore Gartner
Herb Gartner
In Loving Memory of
Irving Geller
Betty & Harvey Goldring
David Goldring
Beverly Geller & Family
In Loving Memory of All
Our Beloved Departed
Always In Our Hearts
Elayne Brown & Family
In Loving Memory of
Bessie & Manny Goldstein
Mildred & Herman Shafner
Rhoda & Arthur Goldstein
In Memory of our Very Missed Parents
who are always in our hearts
Morris and Rose Baumgarten
Harry and Rose (Honeybunch) Sneider
Rita & Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of
Louise “Sandy” Goodfriend
devoted wife, mother & grandmother
Judge Sam Goodfriend
Judy & Steven Davis & Family
Michael & Darryl Weiler & Family
Susan & Michael Goldberg & Family
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Chaim & Riya Bielski
Joseph & Ada Sallick
Shirley & Abe Bielski
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Lafer, m.d.
Dennis Lafer & Family
In Loving Memory of
Hymie Fialkow
beloved husband & father
Charlotte Fialkow & Etta Fialkow
In Loving Memory of
My Beloved Husband and Daughter
Sam Greenburg - Sandy Shapiro
Ann Greenburg
In Loving Memory of my Parents
Louis E. Fleet
& Florence Cohen Fleet
Albert Zalman Fleet
In Loving Memory of
Henry Halpern
& Molly Rubinstein
Robin & Stanley Halpern & Family
In Loving Memory of Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Freiden
Saul N. Freiden
Elisa Freiden Topper & Family
In Memory of
Bernard Heyman
Bobbie Heyman
Stan Heyman, Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
George Henderson
80
===== PAGE 101 =====
^VPk dsínisftiíjsz ^Hízs m
In Loving Memory of
Abe & Sophie Marón
Leon Marón
Dr. Ted Weisman
Winfred Libby
In Loving Memory of
Macy A. Cohen
Myra Cohen
In Loving Memory of Beloved Brother & Nephew
Stanley Cohen - Lance Cohen
Anne & Edwin Presser
In Loving Memory of
Renee Mibab
Perry, Charles, Ben, Alan
& Miriam Mibab
In Loving Memory of
David Davis
Doll Davis
In Loving Memory of
Esther Demin
Karen, Stu, Joshua & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of
Sidney Ralph
devoted husband, father & grandfather
LouAnn Ralph & Family
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda See Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Memory of
Shirley & William Gordon
Herbert Gordon
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele
and Alan Robins
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Rose & Morris Gray
Allan Gray
In Loving Memory of
Shirley Rosenfield
devoted wife, mother & grandmother
Martin Rosenfield & Family
In Memory of My Beloved Parents
Rose & Carl Jay
Arlene Faracchio
In Loving Memory of My Twin Brother
Robert Lasris
Henry Lazris
In Loving Memory of
Charles Merger & Joseph Sager
Gaye, Neil & Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy & Alyssa Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Mr. & Mrs. Mitchell Lesnik
Mr. & Mrs. Earl Evans
The Lesnik Family
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton & Family
In Loving Memory of
Harold Baker
Sybil Lazarus
In Loving Memory of
Robert L. Mendelson
Rebecca, Brian, Rachel & Isabel Schwam
In Loving Memory of
Max Bachrach - Edith Bachrach Bendorf
Sol & Rochelle Proctor
In Loving Memory of
Sam Rosenblem
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright & Ella Boatwright
Cynthia, Jonathan & Shelley Disher
In Loving Memory of
George Yellin
Elsie Yellin & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife Becky & daughter Penny
In Loving Memory of
Al Zadoff
Pearl Zadoff, Children & Grandchildren
81
===== PAGE 102 =====
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
ESTATE PLANNING
RETIREMENT PLANNING
|ÍÍ:$:í:í::xs,.
BUTENSKY & COHEN
Financial Security, Inc.
Mpégísíere
** tent Advisors ..'
ill
Jan
Allan A. Cohen, CF1> CPA/PFS
•i;. . . , -íííSíS
(904) 273-9850 * (800) 893-2324
THE BUTENSY& COHEN BUILDING
• no PROFESSIONAL DRIVE • PONTE VEDRA BEACH, R 32082
Located in Ponte Yedra Lakes Professional Park • www.butensky cohen.com
Family Physician
in Southpoint
Bud L. Wolfson, M.D., RA.
Salisbury Lakes Medical Parke
4237 Salisbury Road, Suite 302
Jacksonville, FL 32216 • (904) 296-6326
Clean Parking Lots
Sealcoat Parking Lots
Stripe Parking Lots
Concrete Repairs
Pot Hole Repairs
ADA Handicap Signage
FREE ESTIMATES
ABC Sealcoating & Striping
Striping
Sealcoating
fe \W \V \ \ \VT
BILL CARTER, Owner
1235-A Peavy Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32254
(M
Office 786- 8474
Digital Beeper 645-2662
Fax 786-3374
rnciRk spioak's
INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS
DANCE EXTENSION
Established in 1979
Preschool Combo Classes for 3-5 year olds
BULIT • POINT Morn¡ngs & N¡ghts • GYMNASTICS
All Levels - 3 to Adult
Creative Dance -
Parent & Child Program
18 mos. - 21/2 yrs. old WINTER CAMP
• CHARACTER
• JAZZ * TAP
• HIP HOP • MODERN
ACROBATICS
SUMMER CAMP
PRIVATE CLASSES
Internationally Recognized Dance Instructor and Choreographer
Character Dance Ensemble
MANDARIN
268-3583
3740 SAN JOSE PLACE
Behind Long John Silver’s
ORANGE PARK
272-1103
11911 Blanding Blvd.
FRUIT COVE
287-4619
445 N. STATE RD 13, 1/2 mile
south of Julington Creek Bridge
82
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 103 =====
The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
Message from the Director
Dale Schemer
Director
A recent study of Jewish identity development found that “Jewishness in adulthood
appears related to a strong orientation towards Jewish life in childhood. When conveyed in
the early years, the message about the importance of being Jewish persists into adulthood.”
The staff of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool feels a strong professional and
personal responsibility to provide that message by offering a Jewish education in which our
children are not just Jewish on the holidays, but feel their Jewishness in everything they do.
Our goal is to give our young children the best possible start in life. We strive to
provide them with not only the important cognitive and social skills, but also a solid Jewish
educational foundation.
Robin Morris
and Michelle Margol
Judaica Teachers
Janet Husney
Extended Day Coordinator
We know that this year, as we have for the past 61 years, we will provide our Jewish
children with warm and supportive teachers who offer stimulating and developmentally
appropriate activities and materials. But most importantly, we will provide
them with an sense of affiliation and belonging that will last a lifetime.
Shirley Thacker
Secretary
===== PAGE 104 =====
Early Childhood
Playtime and Special Activities
mam ■
===== PAGE 105 =====
Early Childhood
STAFF - Group II
Back Row, L to R: Liz Gartner, Assa Chizhik,
Renee Meek, Cheryl Gartner and Wendy Pozin.
Front Row, L to R: Eva Burdett, Melissa Miller, Robin
Vitiello and Suzanne Cooper. Not shown: Michelle
Margol, Morleen Berlin and Robin DeCrispino.
TODDLERS II
Back Row, L to R: Hanna Bendit, Teacher,
Naomi Herman, Kezia Ari, Madison McEvoy,
Talya Pames and Robin Vitiello, Assistant.
Front Row, L to R: Sasha Stadnik, Nicholas Vugman,
Benjamin Shvartzman, Alex Katz, Sydney Teitelbaum,
Casey Balotin and Danielle Fetner.
STAFF - Group I
Back Row, L to R: Zina Levitsky, Angela Cooper,
Jeri Schwartz, Dale Schemer, Director, Cheril Clevette,
Stephanie Andrew. Front Row, L to R: Jeanne Lapitsky,
Hanna Bendit, Shirley Thacker, Judy Paul, Amy Deem
and Robin Morris.
TODDLERS I
L to R: Renee Meek, Assistant, Hunter Davis, Conner
Cooper, Menachim Kaiser, Brooke Zimmerman, Noland
Blain and Angela Cooper, Teacher. Not shown: Chase
Beyer, Lily Cantor, Evelyn Mizrahi and Haley Thomas.
85
===== PAGE 106 =====
Early Childhood
JUMPING JACKS I
Back Row, L to R: Cheryl Gartner, Teacher, Bryton
Garber, Jessica Jarchower, Michael Wilkins, Stephanie
Andrew, Assistant, Michael Maltz and Sophie Aronovici.
Front Row, L to R: Julia Plotkin, Sophie Luellen, Molly
Lantinberg, Carly Gare, Reesa Zaifert, Stephanie Block
and Thomas Gelman. Not shown: Hanna Asor,
Ethan Beyer, Shira DuBow and Eric Girjel.
NURSERY I
Back Row, L to R: Morleen Berlin, Assistant,
Jeffrey Loeser, Alexander Wajsman, Jared Plotkin,
Ryan Mizrahi, Aaron Kitay and Wendy Pozin, Teacher.
Front Row, L to R: Katie Diduryk, Benjamin Miller,
Joey Plotkin, Samantha Butensky,
Zachary Berman and Elan Sandler.
JUMPING JACKS II
Back Row, L to R: Cheril Clevette, Teacher, Julian Rubin ,
Daniel Maman, Sammy Meek, Ryan Itzcovitz, Justin Gartner
and Eva Burdett, Assistant. Front Row, L to R: Talia Sauer,
Hannah Gross, Ari Howard, Shelby Weiss, Cameron
Camley, Abigail Zilberman and Carly Thomas. Not shown:
Julia Kahn, Montgomery Phillips and Allison Wolfson.
NURSERY II
Back Row, L to R: Suzanne Cooper, Teacher, Paige
Bruman, Gillian Anderson and Amy Deem, Assistant.
Front Row, L to R: Joel Margol, Joshua Thaler, Micah
Pames, Sonya Pulley, Avery McEvoy and Liam Wirsansky.
86
===== PAGE 107 =====
Early Childhood
PRE-KINDERGARTEN I
Back Row, L to R: Judy Paul, Teacher,
Liz Gartner, Assistant, Samantha Katzin,
Samantha Weiss, Jack Gare, Joel Cohen and
Chandler Luellen. Front Row, L to R: Steven Finker,
Spencer Nachman, Benjamin Lantinberg, Frankie Deem,
Jessie Friedman, Talia Wind and Brooke Sapolsky.
PRE-KINDERGARTEN II
Back Row, L to R: Jeri Schwartz, Teacher, Axel Itzcovitz,
Noah Ari, Jakob Pollan and Assa Chizhik, Assistant.
Front Row: L to R: Brandon Yudin, Peyton Camley,
Aiyana Stevens, Melissa Stufflestreet, Elisheva Platzer
and Connor Simmons. Not shown: Oz’e Asor,
Seth Goodman and Natalie Whitehead.
PRE-KINDERGARTEN III
Back Row, L to R: Melissa Miller, Assistant, Matthew
Herman, Kaley Cooper, Shaindy Kaiser, Nikki Grigoryants,
Jake Fetner and Jeanne Lapitsky, Teacher. Front Row, L to
R: Zev Lee, Eli Mizrahi, Charlie Harris, Joey Zimmerman,
Alex Leif, Levana Osher and Rachel Herriff.
87
===== PAGE 108 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
Special Activities
===== PAGE 109 =====
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Solomon Schechter Day School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
Message from the Principal
The Solomon Schechter Day School has existed for forty-two
years. For many families, the longevity of the school and its record of
placing students in the very best public and private secular school
programs are critical ingredients in choosing S S D S. The efficiency
of a dual-language program is not questioned since our graduates
demonstrate remarkable academic prowess in addition to strong social
and emotional Jewish identity skills.
What makes our institution different from others? Our graduates!
They leave SSDS with a set of experiences, skills, values and a
profound sense of who they are within the context of American society
that cannot be replicated by other area institutions. Their uniqueness
is grounded in our educational program that combines the normative
experiences of what excellent schooling is compiled with the distinctive
aspect of developing a spiritual component that is unique to being
Jewish. We seek to nurture the totality of the human experience for Jewish children in an environment
filled with caring, support, wonder, and excitement. As one parent said to me, “My children go to school
happy and enthusiastic every day. What more can one ask?”
What makes us so special? What are the hallmarks of our strength?
• Care is taken by all to meet academic needs.
• Students feel cared for and respected.
• The environment is warm and intimate.
• In a year fraught with fear and disturbing news in the world,
the school gave its students a sense of security and well-being.
• It has the right balance between General and Jewish studies.
• There is a strong academic and comprehensive curriculum.
• The celebration of Jewish holidays is a very positive and
dynamic experience.
• The school enhances a child’s love and understanding of
all things Jewish.
• Students get a strong, positive Jewish identity.
• Jewish calendar days are a part of the routine, and not incidental.
It is clear that our dual-studies program is considered a unique asset for
the development of our students. It promotes academic excellence and the joy
of being Jewish.
Andy White
School Secretary
Willard M. Kennedy
Principal
89
===== PAGE 110 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
Parent-Teacher Association
i- 2003-2004 Officers -
President
Allison Bailys
Past-President
Helen DuBow
Fundraising VP
Debbie Banks
Membership VPs
Lauren Block
Faye Mizrahi
Programming VP
Amy Goodman
Services VP
Heather Ferman
Secretary
Cindy Wohl
Treasurer
Heidi Katzin
Pre-School Liaison
Risa Herman
“ I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep doing so until
the end.” — Abraham Lincoln
The Parent - Teacher Association of the Solomon Schechter Day School and the Center
Preschool is committed to providing the very best for our students. PTA enhances the
educational experience with quality programs and services.
The following are some of the great programs, services and fundraisers that PTA
provides throughout the year for the students: Holiday Observances, Red Ribbon Week (drug
awareness), Library and Art Assistants, Vision Screening, Purim Carnival, Magazine Sale,
Gift Wrapping Sale and much more.
As you can see, PTA has many great plans for this school year. An integral part_of our
success lies in the hands of our volunteers. PTA is successful because of the wonderful
parents and teachers who join and support it. PTA volunteers are appreciated for their time
and efforts.
This year, I have the honor of being PTA president. It has personal significance, as my
mother, Alix Levy, was PTA president of Solomon Schechter Day School in 1968. I have
many fond memories of my mothers’ involvement in PTA . I remember the excitement of
seeing her in the hallways at school or working PTA programs. What a wonderful legacy we
can leave our children; fond memories of our involvement in their lives.
I look forward to another exciting and busy year.
Warmest regards,
— Allison Bailys
Resource Teachers
Crista Coffing-Blain
Art
Patricia Bishop
Science
Edith Horovitz
Mitzvah Program
Louise Leonard
Librarian
liana Manasse
Judaica Staff Coordiantor
Terry Murphy
Physical Ed.
Theresa Pepe
Computers
Jay Sandler
Music
90
===== PAGE 111 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
KINDERGARTEN-A
Teachers: Shirley Jernigan, Liat Walker
Assistant: Wendy Gaff
Students: Harrison Andrew, Erin Caplan,
Gabrielle Cohen, Joshua Cooper,
Sydney Gross, Mallory Harris,
Rachel Kessler, Adam Mehlman,
Sarah Miller, Orly Ohayon, Zachary
Orender, Ivan Pulley, Rachel Walker
KINDERGARTEN-B
Teachers: Hollie Wishnek, Liat Walker
Assistant: Kathy Stark
Students: Taylor Berman, Izaak
Butensky, Justin Clevette, Shira
Ferman, Sami Grossman, Eliza Israel,
Jenna Levine, Rachael Mizrahi, Jacob
Orender, Micah Rubin, Sarit Sandler,
Leslie Schemer.
FIRST GRADE-A
Teachers: Bonnie Loeser,
liana Manasse
Students: Michael Ansbacher, Geoffrey
Berlin, Talia Fetner, Barry Goodman,
Alex Gottlieb, Shira Kitay, Joshua
Kreisel, Jacqueline Phillips, Mami
Sapolsky, Jonah Schiller, Hannah
Sedacca, Sandford Vining.
FIRST GRADE-B
Teachers: Paula Horn, liana Manasse
Students: Julia Allerding, Julian Cox,
Seva Dorn, Samuel Fleisher, Noah
Gottlieb, William Leonard, Anna
Levin, Noah Levin, Eden Margol,
Shaina Plotkin, Tyler Williamson,
Samuel Yarish, Richard Zimmerman.
91
===== PAGE 112 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
SECOND GRADE - A
Teachers: Carla Bernard,
Edith Horovitz, Tali Kedem.
Students: Max Ackerman, Megan Block,
Andrew Clevette, Gabrielle Cohen,
Jacob Hecht, Erica Katzin,
Gabriel Koslowski, Elana Maiman,
Britney Norton, David Raikes,
Julie Rosenberg, Ari Sandler,
Jared Wolfson, David Zhukov.
SECOND GRADE - B
Teachers: Elissa Vining,
Edith Horovitz, Kali Kedem
Students: Aaron Bernhardt,
Michelle Cagan, Rebecca Estner,
Lauren Jaffe, Adam Kessler,
Hannah Mizrahi, Trudy Morse,
Leah Parker, Charles Pett, Carly Right,
Avi Rubin, Alex Wolfson,
Aron Zimmerman.
THIRD GRADE-A
Teachers: Marjie Rogozinski,
Liat Walker
Students: Nikki Bailys, David Ferman,
Laura Goldman, Rachel Herman,
Jacob Higdon, Jonah Kitay, Gina Kluger,
Hannah Mehlman, Maci Morse,
Zachary Sandler, David Walker,
Rachel Whitman.
THIRD GRADE-B
Teachers: Cathy Monte,
Pamela Maman
Students: Nichole Ansbacher,
Benjamin Gershon, Emily Goldman,
Samuel Goodman, Monica Koren,
Harrison Phillips, Rachel Stark,
Jeffrey Weiss, Daniel Wind, Danielle
Wirsansky, Frankie Zimmerman.
92
===== PAGE 113 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School
FOURTH GRADE-A
Teachers: Jay Sandler, Liat Walker
Students: Samuel Bernard,
Alexandra Block, Max Fleisher,
Jennifer Gartner, Alec Goldman,
Benjamin Hecht, Emily Levine,
Sara Plotkin, Rebekah Pollan,
Shira Rittenberg, Max Rogozinski,
Zach Whiteley.
FOURTH GRADE-B
Teachers: Deb Kuhr, Talie Kedem,
Liat Walker
Students: Simona Altshuler, Erica Cagan,
Josh Goranson, Garrett Jaffe, Gad Lee,
Gabrielle Magid, Larry Richter,
Leah Robbins, Danielle Rogozinski,
Laura Sandler, Alexandra Silverberg.
FIFTH GRADE
Teachers: Carole Goldberg,
liana Manasse
Students: Sophie DuBow, Noah Feldman,
Benjamin Gatewood, Max Goldstein,
Michelle Kluger, Tal Lee, Samuel Levine,
Michael Poplavski, David Right,
Amy Shuman, Sam Whitman,
Mitchell Wohl, Jacob Wolfson.
93
===== PAGE 114 =====
Solomon Schechter Day School - Middle School
SIXTH GRADE
Teachers: Yitzhak Ben-Moshe,
Patti Bishop, Susan Burkhart,
Edith Horovitz, Judy Reppert,
Susann Turner.
Students: Gigi Ackerman,
Michael Appelbaum, Richard Bailys,
Michael Cagan, Jeremy Ferman,
Aliza Goldstein, Seth Karstaedt,
Matthew Kingson, Jordan Koslowski,
Eric Levenson, Kara Levine,
Laura Platzer, Charlie Raitt,
Zach Rogozinski, Gabriel Rosner,
Manny Shapiro, Jacob Weiss.
SEVENTH GRADE
Teachers: Yitzhak Ben-Moshe,
Patti Bishop, Susan Burkhart,
Edith Horovitz, Judy Reppert,
Susann Turner.
Students: Marina Grumberg,
Paul Grumberg, Michael Kluger,
Stefanie Levine, Micah Lewis,
Gabrielle Margol, Benjamin Morse,
Stefan Mykych, Eddie Norton,
Sophie Rothstein, Kyle Solloway,
Kyle Vining, Avi Weinstock-Herman,
Lisa Zavon.
EIGHT GRADE
First 8th Grade Graduating Glass
Teachers: Yitzhak Ben-Moshe,
Patti Bishop, Susan Burkhart,
Edith Horovitz, Judy Reppert,
Susann Turner.
Students: Louisa Brinn, Delta Gatewood,
Hanna Goranson, Shimrit Lee,
Debra Mizrahi.
At the end of each
school year, Middle
School students
explore Jewish culture
in other parts of the
country. This year, a
group of 47 students
and parents traveled to
Chicago.
94
===== PAGE 115 =====
The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs
Center Religious School
A Message from the Director
The goal of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center Religious School is to educate and
encourage our children as they grow and
take their places among other young
Jewish adults in our community.
The staff is dedicated and nurturing
Students learn through the use of music,
art, drama, mitzvah projects and fun hands-
on holiday projects, as well as excellent
classroom instruction. There are family
programs throughout the year.
Our children also participate in
synagogue-wide programs and many are
eager to lead portions of Shabbat services
in the adult as well as youth services.
In keeping with the new United Synagogue “Framework
of Excellence,” we have reorganized our Religious School
program to include a Sunday component.
Starting this fall, instruction for all grades will include
classes on Sundays from 10 a.m. to 12 noon. The Sunday
program will encompass an exciting variety of arts and crafts,
music and biblical literature, as well as participation in many
creative, hands-on Jewish holiday and life-cycle
dramatizations. In addition, students in the Alef (grade 3)
through Dalet (grade 6) classes will participate each week in
a “Student Minyan” led by Rabbi Grundfast. The Religious
School will round out the curriculum by interfacing with
existing Center Youth and Recreational programs to open
new avenues for interaction.
Optional Family and Parent
Education opportunities will be
incorporated several times throughout the
year. Parents are also encouraged to take
advantage of weekly adult education
classes, monthly brunches and special
events to be held at the Center on Sundays
during Religious School hours.
Weekday classes will continue for
students in grades 3 - 7 on Mondays and
Wednesdays from 4:45-6:45 p.m. The
focus will be on Hebrew instruction, which
will include conversational classes for
those who are further advanced in their
Hebrew studies. These classes are
designed to keep these students challenged
and motivated to proceed at their own rate.
Also resuming will be our successful specialty
programs. The new 2nd grade Mechinah class, which meets
on Sunday and Wednesday, is a bridge into the full Religious
School program. The popular 7th grade Etgar class provides
educational opportunities that capture the interest of young
teens. Weekly Junior and Pre-Junior Congregations will be
held every Shabbat. In addition, a monthly Religious School
Family Shabbat program will take place.
I look forward to extending this wonderful opportunity
to your child and your family! For more information, or to
register your child in any class, please call 268-4200, ext.
145, or stop by the Center Religious School office.
— Lois Tompkins, Religious School Director
Melissa Gibbons
Youth & Education Secretary
Lois Tompkins
Director
Religious School students enacted a Jewish Wedding for students and parents
— Youth Congregations —
Meet Saturdays, 1 la.m.-Noon
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation Grades 3-6
Led by Edith Horovitz
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
Coordinated by Debbie Banks
95
===== PAGE 116 =====
Center Religious School
Special Activities and Celebrations
===== PAGE 117 =====
Center Religious School
Mechinah - grade 2
Teachers Karen Morse and (not shown) Daphne Woodard
Students 1 to r: Joshua Stevens, Charlie DuBow, Justin
Vitiello, Blair DeCrispino and Jonathan Waring.
Bet Class
Teachers: Carole Goldberg, Rivka Cohen and (not shown)
Eta Perras. Students 1 to r: Madison Kress, Max Blumenfeld
and Sarah Neadle.
Dalet Class
Teachers: Wendy Brezin and Harold Schindler.
Additional teachers (not shown): Marc Levanthal, Judy
Grundfast. Students 1 to r from top:Alyssa DeCrispino
Stephanie Seebol, Emily Talpalar. Row 2: Danielle Slavin,
Arielle Bernhardt, Daniel Abramson. Seated: Craig Herring,
Austin Gartner, Jacob Robinson. Not shown: Lillie Anderson.
Alef Class
Teachers: Carole Goldberg, Rivka Cohen and (not
shown) Eta Perras. Students 1 to r: Ariella Phillips, Hailey
Gartner, Tori Berger, Jake Friedman and Ian Broudy. Not
shown: Brian Rooney
Gimel Class
Teacher: Mrs. Judy Grundfast. Additional teachers (not
shown): Harold Schindler, Marc Levanthal, Wendy Brezin.
Students 1 to r from top: Joshua Cooper, Steven Lewis, Corey
Brenenson, Leah Friedman.Row 2: Aaron Stark, A.J.
Kupperman, Jaclyn Broudy, Devin Phelan-Weisberger. Row 3:
Sarah Abramson, Stephanie Hecht, Jodi Rosenberg. Not shown:
Benjamin Peltz, Noah Pozin, Harrison Safer, Adam Schwartz.
Etgar Class - 7th grade
Teacher: Scott Zimmerman. Students: Jacob Allerding,
Marcus Bettman, Lindsay Cox, Ariella Fleet, Adam Friedman,
Mathew Glassman, Andrew Goldman, Elizabeth Goldman,
Matthew Harris, Michael Kessler, Jordan Kress, Neil Maiman,
Melissa Neadle, Danielle Palombo, Max Pittman, Corey
Portnoy, Jennifer Richter, Jonathan Rogozinski, Mark Safer,
Rachael Sail, Paul Sandler, Molly Seebol, Zachary Schemer,
Abby Weiss, and Sam Wyzan,
97
===== PAGE 118 =====
Religious School Simchas
Etgar- 7th Grade Graduation
May 22,2003
The Religious School held a graduation ceremony for
the 7th grade on Friday evening, May 16. A wonderful dinner
by Margo’s Catering followed the Shabbat Service in which
the students fully participated. Mazel tov to the families of:
Jacob Allerding, Marcus Bettman, Lindsay Cox, Ariella Fleet,
Adam Friedman, Mathew Glassman, Andrew Goldman,
Elizabeth Goldman, Matthew Harris, Michael Kessler,
Jordan Kress, Neil Maiman, Melissa Neadle, Danielle
Palombo, Max Pittman, Corey Portnoy, Jennifer Richter,
Jonathan Rogozinski, Mark Safer, Rachael Sail, Paul Sandler,
Molly Seebol, Zachary Schemer, Abby Weiss, and Sam
Wyzan, as well as to teacher Scott Zimmerman.
Consecration
Shabbat morning, February 22,2003
For weeks, students of the Aleph class of the Religious
School and the 1st grade of the Solomon Schechter Day
School prepared a very special program for this milestone
in their Jewish education. Each student received a certificate
and a sweet treat from PTA traditionally given to mark a sweet
beginning to their formal Hebrew education. Beautifully
covered siddurim, prayerbooks, were presented to the
students by their parents. In addition, Center Sisterhood gave
each student a bound collection of Leagrams containing well
wishes from family and friends. Todah Rabah to all the
teachers: Rivka Cohen, Paula Horn, Carole Goldberg,
Bonnie Loeser, liana Manasse, Robin Morris and Eta
Perras.
Mazel tov wishes are extended to the families of the
Consecrants: Julia Allerding, Michael Ansbacher, Geoffrey
Berlin, Tori Berger, Julian Cox, Seva Dorn, Samuel
Fleisher, Talia Fetner, Barry Goodman, Alex Gottlieb,
Noah Gottlieb, Shira Kitay, Joshua Kreisel, William
Leonard, Anna Levin, Noah Levin, Eden Margol, Leah
Parker, Ariella Phillips, Jacqueline Phillips, Shaina
Plotkin, David Raikes, Avi Rubin, Marni Sapolsky, Jonah
Schiller, Hannah Sedacca, Sanford Vining, Tyler
Williamson, Samuel Yarish and Richard Zimmerman.
Mechinah- 2nd Grade Graduation
May 1,2003
Students of the 2nd grade Mechinah class were
promoted into the full Religious School during a ceremony
that included receiving their very own mini-torahs and
certificates. Students (pictured 1 to r) Justin Vitiello, Josh
Stevens, Jonathan Waring, Charlie DuBow and (not
pictured) Blair DeCrispino performed newly-learned
blessings and prayers, and read paragraphs they had written
about each Jewish holiday and derech eretz. The Mechinah
class was successfully initiated this past year as a program
to “jump-start” Hebrew skills and to introduce students to
the afternoon school with a Sunday/Wednesday schedule.
Many thanks to teachers Karen Morse and Daphne
Woodard for their hard work.
===== PAGE 119 =====
Religious School Simchas
Confirmation Class of 2003
6 & 7 Sivan • June 5-7, 2003
The Biblical festival of Shavuot commemorates the giving of the Torah and Ten Commandments to the
Jewish people. It is fitting that the festival should be celebrated with the accompanying sense of commitment to
Jewish life that Confirmation represents. Our Confirmands demonstrated the knowledge they have gained through
completion of the Beit Midrash - Community Hebrew High by fully participating in Shavuot services. In addition,
students read essays they had prepared on the theme “What Judaism Means to Me.”
2003 Confirmands pictured with their teacher, Rabbi Stephen Grundfast: Jordan Axelrod, Geri Bernard,
Jon Bernhardt, Sarah Blankstein, Sasha Bloom, Robyn Blum, Leia Fixel, Marissa Hochrad, Max Horovitz,
Alison Jernigan, Kenny Kraemer, Dena Mizrahi, Lindsay Morris, Jessica Palombo, Arthur Portnoy, Louis
Portnoy, Joshua Rogozinski, Whitney Rosenberg, Adam Rosner, Max Schwartz, Jackie Selevan, Debbie
Shacter, Sam Warfield.
Beit Midrash
Jacksonville Community
Hebrew High School
Pamela Fine Maman - Director
The Beit Midrash, Hebrew High School, program involves 8th - 12th
grade students throughout the community . Classes taught cover curriculum
from the following areas: Literature, Hebrew, Israel, Jewish Community,
Jewish Education, Jewish Ethics and Values, Jewish History, Judaic
Studies and Texts. Classes meet Wednesday evenings from 7-9 p.m. For
more information visit our website at www.beitmidrashjax org, or
call 448-5000.
/ to r: Jon Mizrahi, Josh Fleet, Michael Meisel and Dena
Mizrahi (not shown) received awards for attendance.
99
===== PAGE 120 =====
Best Wishes for the New Year
OFFICE PRODUCTS
950 W. 19th STREET • TORRANCE, CA 90502
RO. BOX 61144* LOS ANGELES, CA
(310) 225-45500 • FAX: (310) 327-2376
Dan Williams
BDT Concepts, Inc.
“Sales & Service Specialists”
New & Remanufactured Toner Cartridges
Computer Supplies • Printer Supplies
• Fax Supplies • Copier Supplies
5121 Bowden Road, Suite 305 • Jacksonville, FL 32216
(904) 262-2590 • (800) 736-5199 • Fax (904) 262-2565
246-3085
247-6778 Fax
0
JUMP' \
/ r ;
^HRHP
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PATTEN BUS SERVICES, INC.
1400 Violet Street
Atlantic Beach, Florida 32233
PHONE
384-439 1
5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
JACKSONVILLE, FL
32210
RICHARD PATTEN
JUDY PATTEN
WWW.DRRITTENBERO.COM
□Process ffiaster
nmr+ A OMminrmtinn rt/ Cmrnmt * Furniture • interior
Happy New Year
Care A Restoration of Carpet • Furniture • interiors
Home of the
“Big Clean”
Spring Cleaning is our Specialty!
Ask for Miss Shirley
MARK TOLLESON
(904) 725-0440
POWER
INC.
5820 COMMONWEALTH AVENUE
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
FORKLIFTTRUCKS
Paul J. Mohrman
Donald M. Hume
783-0250
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
100
===== PAGE 121 =====
Center Youth Department
A Message from the Director
Gayle Bailys
Director
It is the goal of the Jacksonville Jewish Center Youth Department to offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate the spiritual and social growth and development of the children of
our congregation. This past year, with the help of the Youth Commission, the youth group
advisors and the youth group boards, a variety of religious, social, athletic and cultural
activities were offered. Opportunities were provided for our children to share fun and
distinctively Jewish experiences with their friends.
We are instilling in our children a sense of pride in their heritage, as well as a
commitment to the ideals of Jewish life. We are helping our young people to develop an
appreciation for our synagogue, and a willingness to work for its betterment. They are
learning to fulfill the social needs of our community, and to participate in many civic
activities. Together, we have experienced the gifts of mitzvot. It is our belief that the
future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs
designed to develop upcoming young Jewish leaders.
I’d like to thank all those who gave their time, support and help this past year. I look forward to sharing the
coming year with the youth of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
— Gayle Bailys
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and programs
sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center including Chalutzim, Kadima,
USY, Scouts and the Center Day Camp. The committee is made up of youth
group advisors, presidents of our clubs and caring Center members who
believe that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through
participation in innovative programs designed to develop upcoming Jewish
leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth
Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer
programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar in
Israel and USY Poland/Israel Pilgrimage. These provide excellent
opportunities for our children to share wholesome, fun and uniquely Jewish
experiences with their peers from all over the United States. The Youth
Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates
stay connected to the synagogue and community. Four times a year, at Rosh
Hashanah, Chanukah, Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring
warm wishes and promote holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with
your children by keeping us updated on their school mailing and email
addresses. Thank you to Stella Finck for her long-standing devotion to this
project.
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth Programs
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is to
bridge the invisible gap between the home,
the school and the synagogue. All of our
youth activities combined offer a unique
opportunity to stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth and
development within a Judaic environment.
To oversee these activities, the Youth
Commission and Youth Director, sets the
standards and policies for these programs.
The Youth Commission inducted new youth group
officers, board members and advisors at the annual
Youth Banquet held on Sunday, May 5. The brunch
program was dedicated to “Our Youth - Carrying the
Light into the Future. ”
— Kathy Osterer, Youth Commission Chair
101
===== PAGE 122 =====
Specialising' in Tre&fa-Baked/ Píe&
Vine/ In or Take/ Out
Phone/262-1718
20140 San Jote/ Boulevard*
Acroifrfronv JeM)UhsCey\ter Entrance'
HEY KIDS!
The next time you visit Village Inn
bring this coupon to receive a
FREE KID’S
MEAL
with the purchase of an adult entrée.
Aik/ About our
Tuy\d/ 'Rcúbíwfr Progrcwn/
¿r "Early 3ircb SpeoCaly”
^oke
^syis\
*bf. ,
Good Food». Good Feelings®
Good at any participating Village Inn. Drink and dessert not included.
Not valid with any other offer. One coupon per child per visit.
Valid for children 10 and under.
«2003 VICORP Restaurants, Inc.
HQ-LSM 1
coupon,
Mention the Center Yearbook
when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 123 =====
Center Youth Groups
Chalutzim
Grades 4 and 5
2003-2004
Chalutzim Officers
President
Gabrielle Magid
VP Social Action
Jenna Shuman
VPs Programming
Sam Bernard
Max Rogozinski
Secretary
Rachel Stark
Treasurer
Max Fleisher
Members-at-Large
Nikki Bailys
Danielle Wirsansky
Advisors
Rhonda Fleisher
Shari Shuman
103
===== PAGE 124 =====
AAC001226
FLEET & ASSOCIATES
ARCHITECTS/PLANNERS, INC.
4041 Sunbeam Rd. Jacksonville FI. 32257
(904) 730-8103 FAX 730-8105
JSiizfclon Q. U^ajjtan
ARCHITECTURAL PROGRAMMING SITE ANALYSIS
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGN SITE PLANNING
FEASIBILITY STUDIES REZONING/PUDS
SITE DEVELOPMENT EXCEPTIONSA/ARIANCES
ROBERT S. FLEET, AIA
JANIS K. FLEET, AICP
When the world seems too big
and you don't know which way to turn . . .
We offer understandable, practical,
experienced assistance
-ASMU.LIF. K.
Tanner
[ \ J“"\ C exceptional
i J [_J u dentistry
Psychologists • Counselors • Therapists
— Since 1973 —
• Child • Adolescent • Adult
• Couples • Families
3810-5 Williamsburg Park Blvd.
Jacksonville FL 32257
904.733.3360 • Fax: 904.733.7849
3601 Hendicks Avenue
FL. Lie. PY0002334
396-2666
WE ARE KOSHER!
FUND
RAISING
JviLspyh'ieme
DOUGHNUTS
11117 SAN JOSE BOULEVARD, JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA, 32223
SEE STORE MANAGER FOR FUNDRAISING OPPORTUNITIES!
904.262.4922
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
104
===== PAGE 125 =====
Center Youth Groups
Charles Palot
KADIMA
Grades 6, 7 & 8
2003-2004
Kadima Officers
Presidents
Rachael Sail
Katie Schoettler
VPs Programming
Richie Bailys
Charlie Raitt
VPs Social Action
Ariella Fleet
Abby Weiss
Secretary
Marina Grumberg
Treasurer
Noah Feldman
Members-at-Large
Michael Kessler
Ben Morse
Kyle Vining
Sam Whitman
Advisors
Elissa Vining
Andrea & Marc Raitt
105
===== PAGE 126 =====
THE
ICE
MAN
We Deliver 50 lb. Bags
of Cubed Ice
24 Hours a Day
We also Lease Ice Machines
Fast
Deliveries
Restaurants
Lounges • Motels
Special Events
Parties
384-2013
AMIRA’S
KOSHER MARKET
Wishing Our Friends and Customers a
Happy, Healthy New Year
Call (407) 767-7577
Delivery to Your Door
Every 2nd Thursday!
• Fresh Kosher Meats
• Groceries
• Frozen Gourmet Meals
• Entrees
• Side Dishes
• Finest Cold Cuts in town
• Party Trays
and much, much more
Strictly supervised by Va’ad HaKashrut
Jerald I. Seebol, cfp
Senior Vice President — Investments
Consulting Group Associate
Smith Barney^
citigroupj
(904) 858-2347 — (800) 446-6044
Certified Financial Planner
stocks — bonds — mutual funds
financial and retirement planning
education funding plans
IRA accounts — 401 (k) plans
1301 Riverplace Blvd., Suite 600
Jacksonville, FL 32207
FAX (904) 858-2390
jerald.i.seebol@smithbarney.com
www.fc.smithbarney.com/jerald_seebol
106
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 127 =====
Center Youth Groups
United Synagogue Youth
Grades 9-12
2003-2004
U.S.Y. Officers
Presidents
Jeremy Bailys
Jon Mizrahi
VP Social Action/Tikun Olam
Ashley Osterer
VP Religious/Education
Ben Shorstein
VP Membership/Kadima
Hallie Morris
VPs/Communications
Jessica Rogozinski
Jodi Schneider
Treasurer
Josh Fleet
Secretary
Zach Morris
Members-at-Large
Ori Demri
Kenny Kraemer
Sub- Regional Officers
Dena Mizrahi
Lindsay Morris
Advisors
Joy Signer
Karen & Todd Morse
Sheree & Tom Spriggs
107
===== PAGE 128 =====
We Are At Your Service
Barry Goldstein • Gene Kornblum
Linda Goldstein
SPECIALIZING IN
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
A WINNING TEAM
THAT PRODUCES RESULTS!
Experienced, Knowledgeable, and
A Proven Performance Record
Sales • Leasing • Management
Consulting • Acquisitions
Income & Investment Properties
GOLDSTEIN
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, INC.
Licensed Real Estate Broker
3753-1 Cardinal Point Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Telephone 367-0009 • Fax (904) 367-0220
CpUtfc -
3877 Baymeadows Road
731-2898
fax 731-4492
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday - Friday
11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
Saturday 5 to 10 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
* * * * v. Hol
L £kamk Totfak
Gutig, Nothin,, And, Sant & Etna, Sandhi
LAKEWOOD ANIMAL CLINIC
Craig W. Sandler D.V.M
6030 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32217
(904) 733-4447
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery
At
North Florida Eye Clinic
George W. Sweat
Florida Certified Dispensing Optician
3020 Hartley Road, Suite 190
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
Phone (904) 292-0004 Fax: (904) 292-0005
I WILL BUY YOUR HOUSE
TODAY
Having A Hard Time Selling?
• Divorce • Need Cash • Moving
• Behind in Payments • Facing Foreclosure
Call
Tommy Mattox
Private Investor
730-9074
LAW OFFICES
BROWN, TERRELL, HOGAN, ELLIS,.
McCLAMMA & YEGELWEL, P.A.
EVAN J. YEGELWEL
TRIAL PRACTICE - PERSONAL INJURY
AND WRONGFUL DEATH
FLORIDA BOARD CERTIFIED
CIVIL TRIAL ATTORNEY
8th FLOOR BLACKSTONE BUILDING
233 EAST BAY STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202 (904) 632-2424
108
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 129 =====
Youth Activities
Summer Programs for Jewish Youth
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud that 62 of our youngsters participated in United Synagogue summer
programs. Scholarships to attend these programs are made possible through the generosity of the Abe Selber Trust
Fund, Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Men’s Club Horty T. Gendzier Summer
Scholarship Fund, Center Israel Scholarship Fund, Center Sisterhood, Center Youth Department, Joan Levin Gift of
Israel Program, Myra Thier Lazarus Fund, Sylvia Shorstein Scholarship Fund and many anonymous contributors.
CAMP K AU AI I - DAROM
Jordan Allerding, Michael Appelbaum, Richard Bailys, Talia
Fleet, Ben Gatewood, Delta Gatewood, Aliza Goldstein, Sarah
Hunter, Michelle Jemigan, Michael Kessler, Jonathan Kessler,
Shimrit Lee, Kirill Leonov, Brian Levenson, Eric Levenson,
Emily Levine, Kara Levine, Neil Maiman, Debra Mizrahi,
Jonathan Mizrahi, Hallie Morris, Zachary Pozin, Charlie Raitt,
Louis Richman, David Right, Leah Robbins, Dana Rogozinski,
Danielle Rogozinski, Jonathan Rogozinski, Laura Rogozinski,
Zachary Rogozinski, Gabriel Rosner, Benay Shorstein,
Benjamin Shorstein, Emily Talpalar, Avi Weinstock-Herman,
Abby Weiss, Jacob Weiss, Ben Whitman, Michael Wohl, Joseph
Yarish and Tania Yegelwel.
CAMP RAMAII - NEW ENGLAND
Ashley Osterer
CAMP RAMAH - BERKSHIRES
Max Goldstein
SUMMER-IN-THE-CITY
Alexa Karstaedt
OUTDOOR ADVENTURE -
PACIFIC NORTHWEST
Anne Levenson
USY-ON-WHEELS
USY on Wheels, sponsored by United Synagogue of Conservative
Judaism, gives teenagers an opportunity to travel around the
United States seeing landmarks, historical sites and national parks.
In addition, they meet Jewish youth in the cities in which they
stay. Eric Bass, Ori Demri, Brett Eaglstein, Julia Kuftnan, Lauren
Margol, Zachary Morris, Jessica Rogozinski, Adam Rothstein,
Jodi Schneider, Andrea Seebol, Jennifer Shorstein, Mathew
Shorstein, Andrew Weiss and Shea Williams joined otherUSYers
from around the country.
ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE
L to R: Dena Mizrahi, Max Horovitz, Ben Finck
and Geri Bernard (not shown).
For more information on these and other fine youth programs,
contact Gayle Bailys, Center Youth Director, 268-4200, ext. 149.
109
===== PAGE 130 =====
Ford Style Lawn Care
“Landscape Specialists ”
Satisfaction Guaranteed
• Residential and Commercial
• Custom Landscape and Design
•Complete Landscape Maintenance
•Sodding • Mulching • General Cleanup
Earnest Ford
Phone 904-268-6839 Mobile Phone 333-9827
Far East Brokers
and Consultants, inc
6871 Belfort Oaks Place • Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone: 904-332-9006 • Fax: 904-332-9007
Email: febac@fareastbrokers.com
OSes/ W/sAes for a Offeaf/Ay and Jfappy DCew year
Dora Zimmerman
Seeman Zimmerman
Charles & Elyne Zimmerman
Morrie, Chase, Haskell Bennett & Wendell Zimmerman
Kim Zimmerman
no
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 131 =====
Scouting
Cadette/Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
The World of Cadette/Senior Girl Scouting is an
exciting, challenging experience, that offers new
opportunities for girls to learn about themselves and the
world around them. Girls explore personal interests, develop
a healthy way of life, work on leadership skills and provide
service to their community.
Service is very important to Scouting, so this year
several girls participated in at least two events. Foster parents
have a very difficult job, so the Salvation Army held a holiday
party for their families. Our girls played with the youngest
children at the party, to give the parents a well-deserved
respite. This activity helped the girls earn the “Child Care”
interest patch. Later in the year, all the girls delivered dinner,
prepared by them, to the residents at the Ronald McDonald
House. The staff realized long ago that parents were too
exhausted at the end of a day at the hospital to cook dinner,
so organizations provide
dinner for the residents.
Preparing dinner helped
the girls earn the ‘Creative
Cookery’ interest patch.
Several new skills
were learned this year. A
former caterer taught
how to make edible
decorations, as part of the
“Creative Cookery”
interest patch. The girls
leaned about daycare
options by interviewing
several Moms, and
learned about making
Braille books from a
teacher at the Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind, for
the interest patch, “Child Care.” The girls have a head start
for future employment as they created resumes, for the
interest patch, “Leadership.” These interest patches offered
the girls opportunities to have fun, while learning about
themselves.
jobs and families, always a difficult task. They found out
about salary ranges and training required for five different
careers, as well as about two fields in which women are not
the majority.
Several girls also earned the “Cadette Girl Scout
Challenge” and our Senior girl earned the Senior Girl Scout
Challenge. Girl Scouts are challenged to be the best possible
person they can be. This involves knowing themselves,
relating to others, developing values, contributing to their
community, and knowing about Girl Scouting. The girls
participated in activities from each area, which form the basis
of the Challenge.
Three girls participated in a ski trip to Snowshoe
Mountain in Virginia, which was sponsored by our area
Gateway Council. For Florida girls, this was a real adventure.
They learned the basics of
skiing and had fun in an
environment unfamiliar to
them. Other national and
international trips, through
the Girl Scout’s “Wider
Opportunities” program,
help broaden horizons
through meeting new people,
traveling to different places
and doing new activities.
The year ended in a
Court of Awards and Bridging
ceremony, where 5 Cadette
girls bridged to Senior. The
girls spoke about the fun they
had learning new skills
together. This was a comfortable way for them to learn how
to do something and learn more about each other. They also
expressed their desire to continue to service the community,
so we will plan many more service opportunities next year.
This ceremony was a girl-run event that made all the parents
proud. It was a great ending to a great year!
Two girls earned the “From Dreams to Reality” patch. Thanks to all the parents for their wonderful support
This patch was a way to explore several aspects of many of their daughters and Troop 969!
different careers. The girls learned about how women balance
— Helen Shacter & Shirley Jernigan
111
===== PAGE 132 =====
L Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace, Health
and Happiness be Yours throughout
the New Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic
, P.A
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D. — Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
(904) 733-3529
and the staff of
Center for Physical Therapy
Sports Medicine and Rehabilitation
Sam Rogozinski, President
(904) 733-8133
3716 University Blvd. South 9 Jacksonville, FL 32216
112
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 133 =====
Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scout Pack 14 enjoyed a great year! We had
two camp outs and great participation from our Pack
Family. Pack 14 was seen camping at Echockotee and
Little Talbot. This years activities included hiking, learning
about whittling, playing mad libs and going on an alligator
scavenger hunt. They were also treated to a Pack 14-
style bonfire at Echockotee.
Our Pinewood Derby drew our pack’s families
together for a morning of racing competition and family
fun at the Center. We had some great award winning
designs.
Our dens learned about nature, safety, community
and Judaism. We are proud of our new den, the Tiger
Cubs. A big Scout salute to the first-grade Tiger Cub
Program. Tiger Cubs is geared towards boys in the first
grade as opposed to the traditional beginning of Cub
Scouting in the second grade. We congratulate our
WeBeLos who moved up to the Boy Scout Troop 14.
We are grateful to our den leaders: Mark Berlin,
Marty Pett, Garry Kitay, Robert Richter and Lisa
Wolfson and all our volunteer parents, who have
committed their valuable time to our children, the Cub
Scouts of Mighty Mighty Pack 14!
For information, call me at 739-2970.
— Cubmaster Bruce Goldring
113
===== PAGE 134 =====
Cameo Kitchens
Personalized Kitchen and Bath Planning
by Cyndi Markis
• Consultations
• Kitch en & Bath Specialists
• Computer Design
• Counter Tops - Granite & Solid Surfaces
Showroom hy Appointment
1074 10th Street S. • Jax. Bch., FL 32250
Phone: 280-3070
Berman Bros., Inc.
SCRAP IRON AND METAL DEALERS
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL AND PIPE
18th & Evergreen Avenue
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Phone 353-3694
"THE RENOVATORS"
of Jacksonville, Inc.
Remodeling, Additions & Repairs
STEVEN PERETZMAN
State Certified # CB C006394
Award Emporium PLUS
5181 Emory Circle Jacksonville, FL 32207
730-2341 737-4567 fax
Awards, Trophies, Plaques
& So Much More!!!
Lori Gilson Sandra LaVigne
8834-4 Goodby’s Executive Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone: 737- 0454 Fax: 737- 0455
MORRIS & MORRIS PA,CPA
Trustworthy Personal Attention
To Your Needs
• ELDER ACCOUNTING
• TAX PLANNING & PREPARATION
• SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING
• ESTATES AND TRUSTS
Recognition Plaques and Awards,
Name Plates & Badges, Desk Accessories, Logos &
Pictures on Brass, Aluminum, Plastic & Acrylic,
Custom Cups, Mugs & Auto Magnets
It's Our
Pleasure.
A wonderful shopping experience. That's the
goal we set for ourselves each and every day
here at Publix. To offer our customers the
very best in quality, selection and service.
Joel C. Morris, jd, mba, cpa
3500 Cardinal Point Drive • 737 - 4241
SUPER MARKETS
Where shopping is a pleasure.
114
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 135 =====
Recreation
Camp Neshama
Camp Neshama was an amazing eight week
experience for all who participated. Campers and
staff came from all over - Jacksonville, Atlanta,
New York, South Florida, even Israel! We were pleased
to welcome many new campers along
with the “old-timers.”
From beginning to end, the
summer was filled with activities.
Swimming, Judaica, gardening,
music, arts & crafts, drama, sports,
computers and cooking were part of
the regular daily line-up. Tasty,
kosher lunches from Margo’s
Catering and snacks were a
highlight.
Specialty camps featured
horseback riding, wall climbing,
kayaking, cooking, ceramics, Tae
Kwan Do, tumbling and basketball.
Camp Neshama staged several big events -
a play, talent show, carnival, color wars and an
Israel day. Field trips included bowling and skating
as well as visits to the kitchen of 3
Sisters Chocolate, Jax NAS, Aqua
Zoo, Sprinkle’s Children’s Museum,
MetroPark, Marineland, Adventure
Landing and ice skating with the
Barracudas hockey team.
Of course, summer camp would
not be complete without sleepovers.
Dancing, swimming, pajama parties
and campfires added to the fun.
Thank you to a wonderful staff.
Rest up and get ready for another
exciting and funfilled summer at
Camp Neshama 2004.
— Pamela Maman, Camp Director
115
===== PAGE 136 =====
League One
Youth Basketball League
League Two
League Three
Coaches: Scott Allerding, Yitzhak Ben-Moshe,
Jay Plotkin, Scott Vining. Team: Julia Allerding,
Michael Ansbacher, lian Ben-Moshe, Shira
Kitay, Shaina Plotkin, Mami Sapolsky, Hannah
Sedacca, Sparky Vining, Samuel Yarish.
The goal of the Youth Basketball
League (YBL) is to provide area boys
and girls with the opportunity to have
fun, improve physical skills, propmote
good sportsmanship and team spirit
and experience a strong and positive
athletic environment.
All the games and practices are
held in the Fletcher-Selber Auditorium
of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Thank you to Scott Zimmerman,
who coordinated a very successful
program, and to the volunteer coaches
for their valuable assistance and time.
We look forward to an exciting 2003-
2004 season.
2A JAZZ - Coaches: Larry Hecht, Marty Pett
Team: Megan Block, Michelle Cagan, Gabrieli
Cohen, Jacob Hecht, Elana Maiman, Charles
Pett.
2B RAPTORS - Coaches: Bruce Stark, Eyal
Wirsansky. Team: Max Ackerman,Ben Gershon,
Benyamin Spalter, Dor Eitan Spalter, Rachel
Stark, Danielle Wirsansky.
2C WIZARDS - Coach: Dr. Bud Wolfson.
Team: Lauren Jaffe, Jeffrey Goldring, Josh
Schoettler, Alex Wolfson, Jared Wolfson, Aron
Zimmerman.
2D BULLS - Coach: Nathan Goldman. Team:
Aaron Bernhardt, David Ferman, Emily
Goldman, Laura Goldman, Gabey Koslowski,
Carly Right, Jess Wilensky.
3 A HORNETS - Coach: Dr. Bud Wolfson.Team:
Sam Bernard, Bradley Goldring, Garrett Jaffe,
Steven Lewis, Max Rogozinski, Jacob Wolfosn.
3B GRIZZLIES - Coaches: Alan Rosner. Scott
Brenenson, Larry Hecht.Team: Corey
Brenenson, Benjamin Gatewood, Josh
Goranson, Benjamin Hecht, Samuel Levine,
Isaac Pearl, Danielle Rogozinski.
3C NETS - Coaches: Lenny Cagan, Len Magid,
Jeremy Pozin, Josh Whitman.Team: Erica
Cagan, Gad Lee, Gabrielle Magid, Michael
Poplavski, Noah Pozin, Sam Whitman, Mitchell
Wohl.
3D HAWKS - Coaches: Leslie Blumenfeld,
Bruce Stark. Team: Max Blumenfeld, Michael
Mirsky, Larry Richter, David Right, Leah
Robbins, Adam Schwartz, Aaron Stark.
116
===== PAGE 137 =====
Youth Basketball League
4A PACERS - Coach: Dan Toblin. Team:
Michael Cagan, Brett Jackrel, Jordan
Koslowski, Thomas Monte, Jacob Weiss,
Joseph Yarish.
4C CELTICS - Coach: Adam Schemer. Team:
Paul Bromberg, Mathew Glassman, Gabe
Rosner, Andrew Schemer, Sam Schwartz, Nate
Vosteen.
5A IOWA HAWKEYES - Coach: Ben Smith.
Team: Brian Alterman, Ori Demri, Elliot
Greenberg, Shawn Jackrel., Robin Leonhart,
Michael Ohayon, Adam Rosner.
5C OHIO STATE BUCKEYES- Coach: Dan
Tobin. Team: Jordan Axelrod, Vlad Kulishevsky,
Jeremy Pozin, Ben Rogozinski, Josh Rogozinski,
David Selber, Jonathan Spriggs, Andrew Vining.
League Four
League Five
- 2002-2003 CHAMPIONS -
5D MICHIGAN STATE SPARTANS - Coach:
Mike Schultz. Team: Josh Mandelkom, Zach
Morris, Jonathan Passen, Zach Pozin, Jeff
Shenkman, Brandon Trager, Sam Warfield.
4B PISTONS - Coach: Julius Shapiro. Team:
Michael Appelbaum, Jeremy Ferman, Ariella
Fleet, Matthew Kingson, Manny Shapiro, Kyle
Vining.
4D KNICKS - Coaches: Brian Alterman, Jim
Richman. Team: Richie Bailys, Melissa
Bimbaughm, Adam Friedman, Louis Richman,
Zach Rogozinski, Ben Shorstein, Tess Wilensky.
5B WISCONSIN BADGERS - Coaches: Sean
Arnold, Alan Mizrahi. Team: Max Horovitz, Nick
Israel, Jimmy Knowles, Kenny Kraemer, Ryan
Lee, Krill Leonov, Jon Mizrahi, Max Talpalar.
5E MICHIGAN WOLVERINES - Coach: Alan
Goldman. Team: Josh Fleet, Michael Meisel,
Louis Portnoy, David Price, Josh Sachs, Max
Schwartz, Omer Spalter, Andrew Weiss.
117
===== PAGE 138 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Express Phone Service
no
in
112
113
114
115
116
117
120
121
121
129
142
Now you can call or leave voice mail directly to the party or department you
want. The main number for the JJC switchboard will remain 292-
1000. When all the circuits are busy, a recorded message will offer step
by step instructions to the extension of your choice.
To bypass the switchboard and go directly to a specific department or
person, simply dial: 268-4200 and follow the recorded instructions. If
your party is unavailable, you will be given an opportunity to leave a
voice message or return to the switchboard.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL EXTENSIONS: Dial 268-4200, then...
Rhoda Goldstein, Receptionist
Janis Dorman, Yearbook Ad Manager
Bruce Horovitz, Executive Director
Lori Schoettler, Assistant Administrator
Rabbi Stephen Grundfast
Dereen Murray, Rabbi Grundfast’s Secretary
Solomon Schechter Day School Office
Andy White, Secretary
Inez Achord - Bookkeeping Dept. (Dues)
SSDS Computer Lab - Theresa Pepe
Janet Husney,
Extended Day Programs Director
Camp Neshama - summer day camp
Library - Louise Leonard, SSDS Librarian
«
Margo’s Catering
143 Preschool Office
Shirley Thacker, Secretary
144 Dale Schemer, Early Childhood Director
145 Religious School & Youth Department
Melissa Gibbons, Secretary
146 Lois Tompkins, Religious School Director
147 Willard Kennedy, Day School Principal
148 Solomon Schechter Day School Office
Robyn Sabatt-Waring, Admin. Assistant
149 Gayle Bailys, Youth Director
150 Richard Ford, Maintenance Supervisor
151 Kim Winters - Bookkeeping Dept.
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Yitzhak Ben-Moshe, Baal Tefilah
224 Scott Zimmerman, Ritual Director
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Coordinator
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s Jewish Agencies and Synagogues
Jacksonville Jewish Federation 448-5000
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation 394-0720
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Hebrew Home/
Wolson Health & Aging Center 260-1818
Beth Shalom Congregation 268-0404
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubovitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim 262-3536
118
===== PAGE 139 =====
Supporters Of The Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257
Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200
Fax (904) 268-5292
This directory is for informational purposes.
It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
* Sisterhood ** Men's Club Member As of September I, 2003
- A -
- B -
===== PAGE 140 =====
EMBASSY SUITES
HOTEL®
Jacksonville - Baymeadows
9300 Baymeadows Road, Jacksonville, FL 32256
904-731-3555 Fax: 904-731-4972
Lush garden atrium lobby
Spacious two-room suites with a
separate bedroom and living room
All the comforts of home —
microwave, fridge, coffee maker,
hair dryer
Complimentary full breakfast
every morning
Complimentary transportation to
and from the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, the synagogues and
shopping areas
Complimentary Suite Night for
every 20 suites utilized per night
by your family and friends with
signed agreement
Banquet facilities for up to
350 guests
Well-trained staff in the service
of Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Indoor pool, jacuzzi and sauna
Call us for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs,
weddings, rehearsal dinners,
birthdays, anniversaries, Romance
Packages and Slumber Parties
Visit us at our website: www.embassysuitesjax.com
120
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 141 =====
121
===== PAGE 142 =====
Bessie Hoilman Drywall Inc
Residential or Commercial
• Metal Framing
• Acoustical Ceilings
• Textured Ceilings
• Insulation
• Remodeling Jobs - small & large
Bessie Hoilman
owner
617 N. Temple Avenue
Starke, Florida 32091
Phone: (904) 759-6091
Fax: (904) 964-8990
122
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
experience
J acksonville
from a
Different View
Good News.
Your Yacht is Ready
You'll enjoy a spectacular time on the
St. Johns River when The Jacksonville
Princess luxury yacht is included in
your plans for a night on the town a
business meeting, a special event or
just a romantic dinner.
Public cruises on The Jacksonville
Princess offer private dining during
sunset dinner cruises, Sunday
brunches and selected special event
cruises.
292 guest rooms with walk-out balconies l m fa
overlooking the St. John's River
Fitness Center ' ’^SKm 1
Outdoor riverfront pool and jacuzzi " . : ^IT ■ \
Outdoor bar, indoor bar, restaurant and 1
coffee shop | j
Ruth's Chris Steakhouse
Jacksonville Princess Yacht ‘ i
12,000 square feet of flexible meeting *-! ' **
space accommodating up to 500 guests
Business Center
In-house Audio Visual Department 1
Data ports and two phone lines in all guest rooms
Courteous and professional Sales, Catering and Conference Service Managers
Ideally located downtown on the south bank of the St. Johns River convenient
to the airport, businesses, restaurants, shopping, sports complex and golf.
Private charters are also available
accommodating up to 149 people on a
cocktail cruise or up to 70 people for a
seated dinner.
Our professional catering staff can
provide original ideas for your next
employee outing, office party, business
meeting or luncheon.
Let us make your anniversary, birthday,
wedding rehearsal dinner, ceremony
or reception something to talk about.
Hilton
Jacksonville Riverfront
(904) 398-8800
1201 Riverplace Blvd. • Jacksonville, Fl 32207
□ n @ ® b ■
Reservations for our public cruises
can be made Monday - Friday
8:30 a.m.- 5 p.m. with a credit card.
904
396-8887,
(72 hour cancellation policy)
124
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====

===== PAGE 146 =====
ATLANTIC
SECURITY
FORMERLY
-westecr
SECURITY
BURGLAR — FIRE — MEDICAL
All Types of Systems
• We can Monitor & Service Any Existing System
• High Quality Custom Installations
• Many Other Related Products & Services Available
• Bonded — Insured — Licensed Staff
Serving You Since 1968
Celebrating Our 34th Year
743-8444
FL LIC #EF0001226
126
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====

===== PAGE 148 =====
Claude Nolan Cadillac. A
ESCALADE
Claude Nolan
BREAK
6*
THROUGH
4700 SOUTHSIDE BLVD. • ACROSS FROM TINSELTOWN
904-642-5111 • www.claudenolan.com
128
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====

===== PAGE 150 =====
Discount Party Super Store
OVER
450
STORES
NATIONWIDE
OFFER YOU THE
BIGGEST
SELECTION
THE LOWEST
PRICES!
TABLEWARE
GIFTWRAP
BALLOONS
& HELIUM
PARTY FAVORS
COSTUMES
BRIDAL SUPPLIES
SEASONAL
DECORATIONS
CARDS
INVITATIONS
CATERING
SUPPLIES
PARTY CITY OF JACKSONVILLE
11112 San Jose Blvd. 904 262-2800
PARTY CITY OF ORANGE PARK
6001 Argyle Forest Blvd. 904 777-1318
PARTY CITY OF REGENCY
9400 Atlantic Blvd. 904 425-3124
130
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====
131
===== PAGE 152 =====
From One Generation To Another
Lasting traditions start at home with family and friends.
We've been a proud partner in your lasting traditions
of home furnishings since 1924.
5555 University Blvd. West 737-3700 Since 1924
libertyfurnitureonline.com
132
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====

===== PAGE 154 =====
The Supermarket REIT
Equity One has over 18.5 million square feet of space in 179 properties
located in the dominant markets of the Sunbelt region. Our centers are
positioned in high growth, urban markets that have experienced above
average growth rates for population, employment and per capita
retail sales. But for all our size, we make it a priority to build EQUITY
personal relationships with each of our tenants. Our on-site |
property management and maintenance teams are there to
answer and understand your day-to-day needs, so you don’t
have the headaches of dealing with a big bureaucracy.
And when you’re ready to diversify - either with new locations within
a state or into a new region - the relationship we’ve built will serve
us to find you further spaces in one or more of our many locations
throughout the Sunbelt
So come join The Supermarket REIT and benefit from our
many great locations, 20+ years of local expertise and friendlier
hassle free transactions.
Call 1-800-548-2774 for Leasing Opportunities
134
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====

===== PAGE 156 =====
“PEOPLE WHO
DON’T HAVE AN
AGENT - WHO TAKES
CARE OF THEM?”
/instate.
You’re in good hands.
Call Me for a Free Protection Review
Michael Abramson
288-8821
Merchant’s Walk
9965 San Jose Blvd., Suite 54
at Crown Point Rd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
© 2001 Allstate Insurance Company, Northbrook, Illinois
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 157 =====

===== PAGE 158 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, Inc.
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
(904) 388-2696
Orlando Florida
(407) 841-4670
Gainesville Florida
(352) 377-2420
Tampa, Florida
(813) 623-1911
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION,
AIR CONDITIONING AND PLUMBING
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR
CMCOO8140
PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CFC09184
138
«
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 159 =====

===== PAGE 160 =====
What Makes Us Different
A quality suite versus a small hotel room.
te- A fully equipped kitchen that includes
china, utensils and cookware.
Voice mail and data ports in each suite.
te- Two remote-controlled, cable equipped
televisions and Lodgenetfor movies on
demand.
A deluxe complimentary breakfast
buffet served daily in the lodge saves
the guest time.
Complimentary Social hour Monday -
Thursday evenings including beer,
wine, soft drinks and a light meal.
Outdoor swimming pool and
whirlpool.
Our on-property exercise facility
includes everything required for a
complete workout.
^ Daily maid service, same-day
drycleaning, as well as a coin operated
laundry facility.
te' Now you can receive Hilton Honors
Benefits . . . Sign up today!
HOMEWOOD
SUITES'
Hilton
Ask how your guests may enjoy
complimentary suites for
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
and Weddings.
Friday— Sunday
«
8737 Baymeadows Road • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
Phone 904-733-9299 • Fax 904-448-5889
140
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====
Statistics show that 48.6% of people age 65 and over may spend some time
in a nursing home.1 But the truth is that most people, even when faced with
long-term care needs, would rather stay at home.
A long-term care insurance policy from John Hancock can help cover the
care you receive at home. It also covers care in an assisted living facility
or a nursing home. It’s nice to know that if you or your spouse ever had a
long-term illness or injury, you both would have the option to get the
care you need in a place where you’re more comfortable, familiar with
your surroundings, and close to your family and friends.
Find out more about an insurance policy that will help you stay at home.
1. Health Insurance Association of America, Long-Term Care: Knowing the Risk, Paying
the Price, 1997.
Mark Lodinger
& Associates
8834 Goodby’s Executive Drive • Jacksonville, FL 32217
Phone 737-9166 Fax 448-9578
CALL NOW FOR MORE INFORMATION 904-737-9166
Long-term care insurance policies are underwritten by John Hancock Life
Insurance Company, Boston, MA 02117. The Long-Term Care Insurance
policy describes coverages under the policy, exclusions and limitations,
what you must do to keep policy in force, and what would cause your
policy to be discontinued. Please contact the licensed representative or
John Hancock for more information, costs and complete details on coverage.
142
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 163 =====

===== PAGE 164 =====
Sai’¿
Marble & Granite
Importers of Natural Marble & Granite
Custom Fabrication & Installation
Residential & Commercial Sales & Installation
Visit Our Showroom
=3
r—►
T
CD
o
Pier
One
Marble & Granite
00
—\
Cl
A
o
CD
GO
r-¥-
(/)
r+
O
o
CD_
5
— CD
A
tlantic Blvd.
CD
0
i—
0
Q)
i—i-
CD
—s
Beach Blvd.
i
>
ID
V
- JD
<
JIB
>
1 ATLANTIC COURT
ATLANTIC BEACH
* Kitchen Counter Tops
* Bathrooms
* Floors & Walls
* Table Tops
* Fireplace Designs
* Vanities
264-1100
Fax 246-1885
144
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 165 =====

===== PAGE 166 =====
services
Assessment^owmd enhancement of workplace performance:
S Employee selection systems
S Executive assessment, coaching and leadership development
S Organizational change management and team building
specialty
Web-based integrated:
S Recruitment
S Screening
S Selection
S Performance Management
Assessment Technologies Group
4899 Belfort Road • Suite 190 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
1.800.737.5622 • 904.332.7227 • Fax 904.332.7223 • www.assessment-tech.com
146
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 167 =====

===== PAGE 168 =====
Wishing Our Friends and Clients a
t”
.
The Jacksonville office of Akerman Senterfitt offers a full range
of legal services, with a strong focus on real estate and land
use, corporate, business and contract law, tax, employment,
litigation, health care, bankruptcy, high-tech, banking and
public finance.
Boca Raton • Fort Lauderdale
Jacksonville • Miami • Orlando • Tampa
Tallahassee • West Palm Beach
Leonardo J. Maiman
904-798-3700
Akerman
Senterfitt
I ATTORNEYS AT LAW
The hiring of an attorney is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you
decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience.
“Flowers Say the Nicest Things"
• Bar and Bat Mitzvah’s
• Weddings
• Special Events
268-2466
Fax 268-2130
10029 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
www.flowersmandarin.com
OlMeflora'
Major Credit Cards Accepted • Commercial & Corporate Accounts Welcome
148
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 169 =====
I I . : J J
===== PAGE 170 =====
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
• Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd.S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
PRESIDENT
Phone (904) 620-9130
Fax (904) 642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 124924
Football Fanatics
Avenues Mall
519-0099
□range Park Mall
_ Ü v. 269-0639
n
“The Official Jaguar’s Team Store and so much more!’
Shop at home at www.footballfanatics.com
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
150
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 171 =====

===== PAGE 172 =====
WISHING ALL A HAPPY, HEALTHY & PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR!
ART
FOR THE HEART & SOUL
CONTEMPORARY JUDAICA
MENORAT - MEZZUZOT - DREIDELS
SHABBAT CANDLESTICKS - KIDDUSH CUPS
WEDDING GIFTS - BAR & BAT MITZVAH GIFTS
ALL HAND- MADE...ALL ONE- OF- A- KIND!
UNIQUE JEWELRY - MYSTICAL ART GLASS - POTTERY & CERAMICS
FINE WOOD - FRAMED ARTWORK - UNEXPECTED GIFTS
HOME ACCESSORIES.SO MUCH MORE!
“THE BEACHES MOST UNIQUE FINE ART & CRAFT GALLERY”
IN SAWGRASS VILLAGE 1720 SAWGRASS VILLAGE DRIVE
PONTE VEDRA BEACH, FL 32082 904.280.5778
Gary Rosenthal Collection
Will You Join Us?
Your donations support:
■ reservoir and dam construction ■ scientific research
■ water recycling programs ■ river rehabilitation
For more information, please contact Uri A. Smajovits at
1-800-347-8889
or usmajovits@jnf.org
JEWISH
NATIONAL FUND
JNF.
Together,
We Can.
To plant trees in Israel for any occassion, call 1-800-542-TREE (8733), or visit www.jnf.org.
We accept Visa, MC & AMEX
152
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 173 =====

===== PAGE 174 =====
cJleujis^dnskacLer Las a passion jor
helping Lis clients. lÁd understand.
As a lawyer, Jacksonville’s
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
cares greatly about the law.
But he cares even more about
people. And those he serves
can attest to his passion for
helping. His bank shares the
same values. “Banking with
CNB is like banking with
family,” he says. “People are
more important than num¬
bers to them. And that’s the
way it should be.”
CNB National Bank is a
community bank. So our first
priority is serving the needs
of our friends and neighbors.
And while we offer all the
products and services of the
largest banks, we do it in a
more personalized way. Face-
to-face. One-to-one. Come
see why Lukie and so many
others have chosen us.
Call or visit the CNB
branch nearest you.
Deerwood:
9715 Gate Parkway North
997-8484
Mandarin:
10304 San Jose Boulevard
292-0546
Member FDIC
Service You Can Bank On, People You Can Trust.
CNB
National Bank
4483 Southside Blvd. (Located in Tinseltown between JTB and Beach Blvd.) • 642-2626
KAN-K1
of Deerwood
JAPANESE STEAKHOVSE
frSVSHIBAR
• Steak and Shrimp • Chicken and Shrimp • Filet Mignon and Lobster •
We can help you celebrate any special occasion with a unique KAN-KI touch.
We take a photograph, decorate a dessert and sing a Japanese song for you, all for only $5.
Gift Certificates Available
DAILY SPECIALS
LUNCH
Mon.- Fri. 11 a.m. - 2 p.m.
Sun. 12 noon - 2 p.m.
DINNER
Mon.-Thurs. 4:30 p.m.. - 10 p.m.
Fri.-Sat. 4:30 p.m. - 11 p.m.
Sun. 2 p.m. - 10 p.m.
154
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 175 =====

===== PAGE 176 =====
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., RA.
Pediatric and Adolescent Otolaryngology
specializing in Ears, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
(904) 262-7“ENT”(7368)
www.ent4kids.net
FORD, JETER, BOWLUS, DUSS, MORGAN, KENNEY & SAFER, P.A.
Attorneys At Law
10110 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 268-7227
Stacie L. C. McElroy
Robert M. Morgan
Eliot J. Safer
Katherine B. Schnauss
Darden M. Yerkes
AREAS OF PRACTICE
Estate Planning, Commercial and Residential Real Estate, Elder Law and Medicaid
Planning, Probate and Guardianship, Litigation, Business Law, and Bankruptcy Law.
The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements.
Before you decide, ask for written information about qualifications and expenses.
Michael Bowlus
John S. Duss, IV
Robert A. Ford (retired)
Wade McK. Hampton
William H. Jeter, Jr.
Theresa M. Kenney
156
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 177 =====
r f ii n i
===== PAGE 178 =====
Offering a
complete selection
of the finest names
in Suits,
Sportcoats and
furnishings in size
4-22, slim, regular,
husky and stout.
Student sizes 36-44
extra short, short,
portly, regular
and long.
Over thirty years
in the same
location, focusing
on clothing for
that Special
Occasion, Bar J
Mitzvah or I
Confirmation. \C
f ¡rfo't+it
The Boys’ Suit Source
Telephone: TOLL FREE 1-888-784-8269 or
E-Mail: heritagehouse@boy§suits.€om
For Free Catalog \ *
www.boyssuits.com
BRYANT’S
‘The ultimate in undies”
,INC.
featuring
Bridal Lingerie • Sleepwear & Robes
Breast Prosthesis • Surgical Stockings
Specializing in Custom Fitted Bras
Carol S. Bryant
PRESIDENT
2700 Park Street
corner Park & King
384-9937
ST. JOHNS SEAFOOD & STEAKS
INTERIORS
4231 WALNUT BEND SUITE 2
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32257
904-262-4008 OFFICE
904-262-4058 FACSIMILE
RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL
SERVING JACKSONVILLE SINCE 1983
7546 Beach Boulevard 721-4888
7001-42 Merrill Road 745-0304
1403-21 Dunn Avenue 696-1023
1161 S. Lane Avenue 378-5050
9825-1 San Jose Boulevard 338-9349
14444-2 Beach Boulevard 992-4543
RAYMOND D. SCOTT
158
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 179 =====

===== PAGE 180 =====
ID
Vito
Serving Jacksonville for 18 Years
A True Family Restaurant
Pizza • Pasta • Chicken
Veal • Seafood
Salad • Steak • Rack of Lamb
iOr
Italian Restaurant
3825 Baymeadows Road
(904) 737-9236
E-mail: gvito7@aol.com
& *
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Parties
♦ Shabbat Dinners
♦ Weddings/Receptions I
♦ Any Special Occasion i
Free transportation to and from the Jacksonville
Jewish Center for hotel guests.
Ramada Inn Mandarin and the Pozin Family
invites you to come and be our guest at a family,
owned and operated local hotel. We send our Best
Wishes for a Happy and Healthy New Year to You,
(904) 268-8080 3130 Hartley Road
1-295 & San Jose Blvd
www.Ramada-Inn.com Jacksonville, FL 32257 I
DARIFAIR.
and
The Block Family
TVis (vina
if£A-ft/v, ff/Tt>t>W£55
(W({
pmye-rity
in the. Csoyniny
160
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 181 =====

===== PAGE 182 =====
Stacy Wolf Epstein
• For All your Real Estate needs
Buying, Selling or Relocating
• Over 25 years
of Real Estate Experience
• Over 100 million in Sales!
Voice Mail 886-1080
Bus. 737-2290 Eve. 730-2750
Light, Bright & Beautiful
United Lighting
Company, Inc.
Specializing in
Lighting Fixtures of all types
Casablanca Fans
Over 100 lines to choose from
Monday thru Friday
8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
904-680-0874
5716-1 St. Augustine Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
Gej; More
Your Money!
Call Us to Compare
Our Rates
Four Locations to Ser ve You:
CYPRESS POINT
8100 Nations Way
Jacksonville, Florida 32256
904 281-2400
DOWNTOWN
300 West Adams Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32202
904 350-7523
OCEANWAY
104 New Berlin Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32218
904 714-1162
SAN JOSE
10400-01 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904 260-6224
OL Jl
Better Ss
Member FDIC
162
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 183 =====

===== PAGE 184 =====
MICHAEL
BUILDER & DESIGNER
349-6401
Fax 287-4286
CBC025216
CBCA25216
CONSTRUCTION
MANAGEMENT
AND
CONSULTING
COMMERCIAL
AND RESIDENTIAL
LAND
DEVELOPMENT
Join yourFlorida friends!
34th Year...
Camp Shalom
of Central Florida
For Boys & Girls Ages 6-15
A magnificent 100 acre, air conditioned camp in the hills
near Ocala National Forest. Beautiful 55 acre spring-fed
lake. Full range of sports & activities.
Phone 1- 800-279-0401
David and Shelly Sokol, owners
e-mail: camshalom.com Box 160306, Miami FL 33116
PROTECT YOUR MOST
VALUABLE ASSET...
YOUR HOME
So don’t let termites destroy it..or ugly pests turn it into an undesirable place
to live. Call us for all your Termite and Pest Control needs.
Our state-of-the-art services include:
• Sentricon • Temblor • Ooce-A-Year pest control
Realgood food,
from real good people,
at a real good price.®
Call Now For A Free Estimate
1Pest Control
-ft.
"Brandon has a nose for bugs”
Home Of‘Brandon,” N.L Florida’s Only Certified Termite Detection Dog.
Free K-9 Inspection By Brandon With Any Sentricon Or Termidor Program.
Jacksonville: 904-73M9H Beaches: 904-285-6362
Orange Paite 904-272-1920 St Augustine: 904-826-4362
www.pestfree.com
WiRirM DIXIE
the real deal
Dermatology Center
Diseases, Surgery and Laser of the Skin, Hair and Nails
N. Fred Eaglstein, DO, PA*, Dale R. Charneco, MD,
William Garvin, MD and Associates
Diplomates, American Board of Dermatology
Fellows, American Academy of Dermatology
Fellow, Florida Society of Dermatology Surgery*
COMPLETE LASER SERVICES - INTRODUCING THE Contour** & MEÜLITEIV LASERS - BOTOX
COSMETIC DERMATOLOGY & SURGERY - COLLAGEN - SKIN CARE PRODUCTS & PROGRAMS
CHEMICAL, REFRESHER, DIAMOND & Contour** PEELS - SPIDER VEINS - PERMANENT MAKEUP
2055 Professional Center Drive Orange Park, FL 32073 (904) 276-4500
164
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 185 =====
Raymond Cohen
Congratulations on the many years of service
you have given The Jacksonville Jewish Center.
All Purpose Printing
and Graphics, Inc.
3521 St. Augustine Road John Rhymes, Owner
Jacksonville, Florida 32207 Ed Reid, Operations Manager
904-346-0999 Mike Hearnburg, Production Manager
165
===== PAGE 186 =====
LEE & CATES
LEE & CATES GLASS, INC.
MOBILE PLUS
WHEN JUST MOBILE SERVICE
IS NOT ENOUGH
905 W. FORSYTH ST 354-4646
2221 KINGSLEY, ORANGE PARK 272-6430
9029 LEM TURNER RD 765-1616
3681 ST. AUGUSTINE RD 396-2095
11357 SAN JOSE BLVD 260-1233
2821 LIBERTY ST. 356-5591
4606 LEXINGTON AVE 387-5588
410 MILL CREEK RD 724-8677
130 N. THIRD ST, JAX. BCH 241-2800
802 ANASTASIA, ST. AUG 824-0809
1651 S. 8TH, FERNANDINA 261-2900
3603 S. 1ST, LAKE CITY 752-9272
1318 HIGHWAY 40, ST MARY’S, GA 912-882-7582
BRUNSWICK, GA 912-267-7770
CONTRACT DIVISION - 3811 UNIVERSITY BLVD. W. Unit 26 448-6699
WINDOW FILM 387-1718
SALES • PROFESSIONAL CLEANING • RESTORATION
7999 PHILLIPS HIGHWAY • SUITE 307 • JAX. FL 32256
904.730.2121 • FAX 730.2080
US. FOODSERVICE
ITM
Call U.S. Foodservice™ when you want
superior quality foods and a customer first
attitude. Plus, marketing support to help
increase your bottom line.
U.S. Foodservice™ offers well known
national and exclusive brands
as well as menu solutions,
merchandising programs & more.
Delivering Service Excellence
1-800-444-2489
CRAZY DAVE'/
Regular Delivery to Jacksonville
Glatt Kosher Meat • Deli • Poultry
2153 Briarcliff Rd. NE
Atlanta GA 30329
404-636-1114
Fax: 404-636-8675
Local Representative:
Laura Osofsky
904-733-3780
LOWEST PRICES' ON NEW & USED EQUIPMENT
SCHOOL BAND IMSTRUMENT RENTALS AND SALES fT]
GUITAR/ AND BA//ES S f
DRUM/
D] EQUIPMENT
KEYBOARD/ AND DRUM MACHINE/
/PECIAL fX LIGHTING
P. A. /ALE/ AND RENTAL/
PRO /TUDIO GEAR
1 -800-305-6328 (MEAT)
ORAMCB PARK. Ft
ar6.i4r2
CHOCOLATE
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
904-262-9122
fax: 904-292-9559
sisterschocolate@mediaone.net
Unique gift packaging
Handmade truffles and
chocolates
Caramel nut corns
Homemade pastries
Wholesale and retail
EVPS, INC.
EDWARD FERNANDEZ
Phone: 356-2257
Fax: 354-1521
233 E. BAY STREET SUITE
1116
JACKSONVILLE, FI 32202
Videoing for “your” lifetime.
166
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 187 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
October 2003
Tishri 5, 5764 - Heshvan 5, 5764
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
S'hood Board
Thursday
Friday
Conference Day
No SSDS
Saturday
4 §7:54PM
Sisterhood Fundraiser
USY Wheels Shabbat
5 ¡¡6:50PM
Memorial Services
Kol Nidre
6
YOM KIPPUR (YIZKOR)
First Night of Beit Midrash
PTA Board
-J 0 ¡¡6:44PM
Cong. Sukkot Dinner
1 -j §7:46PM/¡¡
SUKKOTI
Wyzan S/S
New Member Shabbat
Israeli Consulate Speech
12
13
14
15
SUKKOT II
Young Family Dinner
SUKKOT III
M/C Board
SUKKOT IV
SUKKOT V
S'hood Seminar
16
SUKKOT VI
Singles & Young Couples
Dinner
•J 7 ¡¡6:36PM
HOSHANAH RABBAH
Young Family Program
-j Q §7:38PM/¡¡
SHEMINI ATZERET
(YIZKOR)
19
20
SIMCHAT TORAH
21
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
22
S'hood Lunch
23
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
24 ¡¡6:29PM
J Rogo B Mitzvah
25 §7:31 PM
J Rogo B Mitzvah
Verstandig Auf Ruf
26
27
28
29
30
ROSH HODESH
ROSH HODESH
31
UF Lecture Series
Cox B Mitzvah
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
“Your Total Communications Company ”
GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONS
•PBX/KEY SYSTEMS
• CTISOULTIONS
|\IEEC TOSHIBA
© BELLSOUTH*
Authorized Sales & Service
VOICE OVER IP APPLICATIONS
VOICE MAIL SYSTEMS
VOICE & DATA CABLING
STEVE STRUMLAUF
Communications Engineer
Over 32 Years Experience in
Telecommunications
904-363-0033
8917 Western Way • Suite 20 • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Locations in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
167
===== PAGE 188 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
November 2003
Heshvan 6, 5764 - Kislev 5, 5764
Sunday
2
Man of Year 10:00am
Heshvan 7
9
Handmaker Wedding
Heshvan 14
16
Thall Wedding
Heshvan 21
23
Mens Club 10am
Heshvan 28
30
Holiday Bazaar
Kislev 5
3
10
17
24
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
1 §6:25PM
Cox B Mitzvah
Manasse Auf Ruf
Heshvan 6
Teacher Inservice
No SSDS
M/C Board
S'hood Board
JNF Dinner
7 ||5:17PM
Wyzan B Mitzvah
Heshvan 12
Q §6:19PM
Wyzan B Mitzvah
Handmaker/Cohen Auf Ruf
Heshvan 13
11
12
13
•J4 i|5:13PM
Lewis B Mitzvah
Young Family Program
15 §6:15PM
Lewis B Mitzvah
Thall Auf Ruf
18
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
Setzer Levit
“Rabbi Wolpe“
19
S'hood Seminar
PTA Board
20
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
21 j|5:10PM
Shapiro B Mitzvah
22 §6:13PM
Shapiro B Mitzvah
Heshvan 26
25
26
27
ROSH HODESH
ROSH HODESH
S'hood Lunch
NO School/DC
20 ¡¡5:08PM
Bernhardt B Mitzvah
NO School/DC
2g §6:11PM
Bernhardt B Mitzvah
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Best Wishes For A Happy, Healthy & Prosperous New Year
To The Members of The Jacksonville Jewish Center
• METAL FABRICATIONS AND ERECTORS
• ROOFING AND SHEET METAL
'•COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - PAPERMILL
William Greene
GENERAL MANAGER
4121 Evergreen Avenue • P.O. Box 26069
Jacksonville, Florida 32226-6069
168
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 189 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
Sunday
Monday
M/C Board
T uesday
UF Lecture Series
Wednesday
S'hood Board
Thursday
December 2003
Kislev 6, 5764 - Tevet 6, 5764
Friday Saturday
5 ||5:08PM
Kingson B Mitzvah
Kislev 10
Q §6:11PM
Kingson B Mitzvah
10
11
S'hood Seminar
1 2 i (5:09PM
J. Weiss B Mitzvah
Young Family Program
13 §6:13PM
J. Weiss B Mitzvah
Kislev 18
14
Mens Club 10am
15
JJC Golf Classic
16
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
17
S'hood Eve. Meeting
PTA Board
18
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
19
20 §6:15PM
HANUKKAHI
Lee Social at Center
Kislev 24
21
HANUKKAH II
22
23
24
25
HANUKKAH III
WINTER BREAK
HANUKKAH IV
WINTER BREAK
HANUKKAH V
WINTER BREAK
Hanukkah Party
ROSH HODESH -
HANUKKAH VI
WINTER BREAK
26 i(5:15PM
ROSH HODESH -
HANUKKAH VII
WINTER BREAK
27 §6:19PM
HANUKKAH VIII
28
29
30
31
WINTER BREAK
WINTER BREAK
WINTER BREAK
New Years Eve Party
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
^ The Best of Living ^
Found only at the
Carriage Club
♦ Spacious Independent
Apartments
♦ Luxury Villas with Garages
♦ Private Assisted Living
♦ Terrific Amenities Included
♦ No Endowment Fees
Carriage Club of Jacksonville
Assisted Living Facility 0007464
ARC™ an American Retirement Corporation Community
9601 Southbrook Drive • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
(904) 646-1600 • (888) 353-6543
www.arclp.com
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
169
===== PAGE 190 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
WINTER BREAK
January 2004
Tevet 7, 5764 - Shevat 8, 5764
Friday Saturday
||5:20PM
WINTER BREAK
Raymond Cohen Bar
Mitzvah
Tevet 9
FAST OF TEVET 10
M/C Board
School Returns
S'hood Board
Setzer Levitt Family
Education Weekend
Tevet 15
*10 §6:30PM
Setzer Levitt Family
Education Weekend
S’hood Shabbat
11
12
Setzer Levitt Family
Education Weekend
Family University
13
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
14
15
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
16 H5:32PM
Robinson B Mitzvah
Young Family Program
17 §6:35PM
Robinson B Mitzvah
Tevet 23
18
19
20
21
22
MLK-No School
S'hood Seminar
PTA Board
23 U5:38PM
Levine B'nai Mitzvah
24 §6:42PM
ROSH HODESH
Levine B'nai Mitzvah
25
26
27
28
29
Mens Club 10am
S'hood Lunch
30 |(5:44PM
Talpalar/Seebol B Mitzvah
31 §6:48PM
Talpalar/Seebol B Mitzvah
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
170
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
For Franchise Information Call 739-9069 or visit our website www.larryssubs.com
Thanks to all our customers Por making us
Jacksonville’s “5ub King” since 1983
Home of the Big One
IOO locations
and Growing like Nad!
===== PAGE 191 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
February 2004
Shevat 9, 5764 - Adar 7, 5764
Friday Saturday
S'hood Board
0 ¡¡5:50PM
Kindergarten Shabbat
TU B'SHEVAT
Consecration
10
11
JTS Program 7pm
12
13 ¡¡5:56PM
Kadima Convention
14 §6:59PM
Kadima Convention
15
16
UF Lecture Series
Presidents Day
No School
17
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
18
S'hood Seminar
PTA Board
19
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
20 ||6:01PM
Gartner B Mitzvah
21 §7:05PM
Gartner BMitzvah
22
23
24
25
26
ROSH HODESH
Mens Club 10am
ROSH HODESH
S'hood Lunch
27 ¡¡6:06PM
SAFER SHABBATON
28 §7:10PM
SAFER SHABBATON
29
SAFER SHABBATON
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
MERCURY
| GRAND MA RQUIS M
If you want to escape to a nice, quiet place,
this is the ultimate getaway car.
NORTH FLORIDA
LINCOLN-MERCURY
4620 SOUTHSIDE BOULEVARD (at butler boulevard)
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
171
===== PAGE 192 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center March 2004
updated 6/17/2003 Adar 8, 5764 - Nisan 9, 5764
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
1
M/C Board
2
3
S'hood Board
4
FAST OF ESTHER
5
¡¡6:11PM
Religious School
SHABBATON
6
§7:15PM
Traditional Megillah
Center Raffle
Religious School
SHABBATON
Adar 8
Adar 9
Adar10
Adar 11
Adar12
Adar13
7
PURIM
Family Megillah Program
8
SHUSHAN PURIM
D/S Purim Carnival
9
10
11
UF Lecture Series
12
¡¡6:16PM
Young Family Dinner
13
§7:20PM
M/C Shabbat
Adar14
Adar15
Adar16
Adar17
Adar18
Adar19
Adar 20
14
15
16
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
17
S'hood Seminar
PTA Board
18
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
19
¡¡6:20PM
Raitt BMitzvah
Young Family Dinner
20
§7:24PM
Raitt BMitzvah
Adar21
Adar 22
Adar 23
Adar 24
Adar 25
Adar 26
Adar 27
21
Passover Workshop
22
23
ROSH HODESH
24
S'hood Lunch
25
26
¡¡6:25PM
Rosner B Mitzvah
27
§7:28PM
Rosner B Mitzvah
Adar 28
Adar 29
Nisan 1
Nisan 2
Nisan 3
Nisan 4
Nisan 5
28
Religious School Model
Seders
Mens Club 10am
29
30
31
Model Seders (4&5)
Nisan 6
Nisan 7
Nisan 8
Nisan 9
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Our Best Wishes For A Healthy & Happy New Year
l
LI
1.1
n
B
0
Ml
PS
ON
CO.
“FOOD SERVICE EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES SINCE 1912”
• China, Glass & Silver
• Kitchen Supplies
• Bar Equipment
• Chemicals
• Refrigerators
• Bakery Equipment
• Custom Fabrication
• Heavy Duty
Cooking Equipment
• Paper & Plastic
Products
• Furniture
• Interior Design
• And Much More...
N. FL’s Oldest & Largest Equipment Dealer
FAX (904) 354-4448
TOLL FREE 1-800-780-1555 1
358-1555
937 N.
Main St.
172
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 193 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Model Seder (1-3)
Friday
April 2004
Nisan 10, 5764 - lyar 9, 5764
Saturday
||6:29PM 3
Nisan 11
Nisan 12
¡¡7:31PM
SPRING BREAK
PASSOVER I
SPRING BREAK
Congregational Seder
PASSOVER II
SPRING BREAK
S'hood Board
Nisan 16/1 L'Omer
PASSOVER III
SPRING BREAK
M/C Board
Nisan 17/2 L'Omer
g |j7:33PM
PASSOVER IV
SPRING BREAK
Nisan 18/3 L'Omer
-j Q §8:37PM
PASSOVER V
Family Havdalah & Bonfire
Nisan 19/4 L'Omer
-| -| ¡¡7:35PM
PASSOVER VI
Nisan 20/5 L'Omer
12
PASSOVER VII
SPRING BREAK
PASSOVER EXODUS
MARCH
Nisan 21/6 L'Omer
13
PASSOVER VIII (YIZKOR)
SPRING BREAK
Nisan 22/7 L'Omer
14
15
Nisan 23/8 L'Omer
Nisan 24/9 L'Omer
16 |¡7:38PM
Bailys BMitzvah
Nisan 25/10 L'Omer
17
Bailys BMitzvah
Bet Class Havdalah
Nisan 26/11 L'Omer
18
19
YOM HASHOAH
Nisan 27/12 L'Omer
Nisan 28/13 L'Omer
20
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
Nisan 29/14 L'Omer
21
ROSH HODESH
S'hood Lunch
Nisan 30/15 L’Omer
22
ROSH HODESH
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
23 ¡¡7:42PM
Young Family Program
lyar 2/17 L'Omer
24
lyar 3/18 L'Omer
25
26
27
28
29
YOM HAZIKARON
YOM HA'ATZMAUT
lyar 5/20 L'Omer
3Q ¡¡7:47PM
Koslowski BMitzvah
lyar 9/24 L'Omer
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
FREE ESTIMATES WE BUY AND SELL BUILDINGS
Three Locations
#
to Serve You:
“50 YEARS OF SKILL
AND EXPERIENCE”
>d\/\
10325 San Jose Blvd.
HYGEMA HOUSE MOVERS, INC.
jacksdnvil le
iMfBaiik.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 288-8933
Bonded House Movers
76 S. Laura St. Suite 104
Jacksonville, FL 32202
(904) 421-3040
The Way Banking Should Be.
Richard M. Boyles
PO. Box 2655
12740 Atlantic Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32225
President
Jacksonville, FL 32203
(904) 220-3001
764-9509
282-4212
www.jaxbank.com
4? Safeguard
Business stationery and envelopes
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Business Systems
Continuous checks and forms
Laser checks and forms
Hartman, Butch
Safeguard Business Systems
of North Florida
One-write systems
Visitor pass system
& Gartside
P.O.Box 550987
Certified Public Accountants
Jacksonville, FL 32255
396-9802
Jim Duffy
(904) 739-5995
Fax: (904) 739-9961
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
173
===== PAGE 194 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center May 2004
updated 6/17/2003 lyar 10, 5764 - Sivan 11, 5764
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
1
§8:50PM
Koslowski BMitzvah
lyar 10/25 L'Omer
2
Mens Club 10am
S'hood FL Branch Dinner
3
M/C Board
4
5
PESACH SHEINI
S'hood Board
PTA Board
6
7
¡¡7:51PM
Karstaedt BMitzvah
8
§8:55PM
Karstaedt BMitzvah
lyar 11/26 L’Omer
lyar 12/27 L'Omer
lyar 13/28 L'Omer
lyar 14/29 L'Omer
lyar 15/30 L'Omer
lyar 16/31 L'Omer
lyar 17/32 L'Omer
9
LAG B'OMER
PICNIC
10
SSDS Lag B'Omer
11
12
S'hood Seminar
13
14
¡¡7:56PM
Cagan BMitzvah
15
§9:00PM
Cagan BMitzvah
lyar 18/33 L'Omer
lyar 19/34 L'Omer
lyar 20/35 L'Omer
lyar 21/36 L’Omer
lyar 22/37 L'Omer
lyar 23/38 L'Omer
lyar 24/39 L'Omer
16
17
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
18
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
19
YOM YERUSHALAYIM
SSDS Graduation
S'hood Lunch
20
21
¡¡8:00PM
ROSH HODESH
DeCrispino BMitzvah
22
§9:04PM
DeCrispino BMitzvah
lyar 25/40 L’Omer
lyar 26/41 L'Omer
lyar 27/42 L'Omer
lyar 28/43 L'Omer
lyar 29/44 L'Omer
Sivan 1/45 L'Omer
Sivan 2/46 L'Omer
23
24
25 ¡¡8:03PM
SSDS Bikkurim
LAST DAY OF SSDS
26
II
SHAVUOT
27
SHAVUOT II (YIZKOR)
28
¡¡8:04PM
Conference Day
Appelbaum BMitzvah
29
§9:08PM
Appelbaum BMitzvah
Sivan 3/47 L’Omer
Sivan 4/48 L'Omer
Sivan 5/49 L'Omer
Sivan 6
Sivan 7
Sivan 8
Sivan 9
30
Appelbaum Social
31
MEMORIAL DAY
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Sivan 10
Sivan 11
Commercial Coatings, Inc.
PAINTING CONTRACTOR
• Painting • Wallcovering • Textured Coating
• Waterproofing • Dampproofing
6900 Philips Highway • Suite 38 • Jacksonville, FL 32216
(904) 296-9460 FAX (904) 296-9043
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 195 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
June 2004
Sivan 12, 5764 - Tammuz 11,5764
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
1
2
S'hood Board
3
4 ¡¡8:08PM
Z Rogo BMitzvah
5 §9:12PM
Z Rogo BMitzvah
Sivan 12
Sivan 13
Sivan 14
Sivan 15
Sivan 16
6
7
M/C Board
8
9
10
11
¡¡8:11PM
12
§9:15PM
Sivan 17
Sivan 18
Sivan 19
Sivan 20
Sivan 21
Sivan 22
Sivan 23
13
14
15
Finance Committee 12:00
pm
16
17
Executive Meeting 6:15pm
Board Meeting 7:00pm
18
¡¡8:13PM
19 §9:17PM
ROSH HODESH
Sivan 24
Sivan 25
Sivan 26
Sivan 27
Sivan 28
Sivan 29
Sivan 30
20
ROSH HODESH
21
22
23
24
25
¡¡8:15PM
26
§9:18PM
Tammuz 1
Tammuz 2
Tammuz 3
Tammuz 4
Tammuz 5
Tammuz 6
Tammuz 7
27
Tammuz 8
28
Tammuz 9
29
Tammuz 10
30
Tammuz 11
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat Endl
Best Wishes for A
Healthy and Happy New Year
SHORSTEIN<fggKF.I.T.V
ATTORNEYS AT LAW, P.A.
Michael A. Shorstein Brian T. Kelly
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
175
===== PAGE 196 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center July 2004
updated 6/17/2003 Tammuz 12, 5764 - Av 13, 5764
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
1
Tammuz 12
2
Tammuz 13
||8:15PM
3
Tammuz 14
§9:18PM
4
5
6
FAST OF TAMMUZ 17
7
8
9
|j8:14PM
10
§9:17PM
Tammuz 15
Tammuz 16
Tammuz 17
Tammuz 18
Tammuz 19
Tammuz 20
Tammuz 21
11
12
13
14
15
16
|j8:12PM
17
§9:14PM
Tammuz 22
Tammuz 23
Tammuz 24
Tammuz 25
Tammuz 26
Tammuz 27
Tammuz 28
18
19
ROSH HODESH
20
21
22
23
l¡8:08PM
24
§9:11PM
Tammuz 29
Av 1
Av 2
Av 3
Av 4
Av 5
Av 6
25
26
27
FAST OF TISHA B’AV
28
29
30
i¡8:04PM
31
§9:06PM
Av 7
Av 8
Av 9
Av 10
Av 11
Av 12
Av 13
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Water Problems?
Call today for straight answers, no high pressure
We carry a complete line of Water Treatment
Systems to meet your needs and your budget.
RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL & INDUSTRIAL
Remove:
✓ Iron
✓ Hardness
✓ Lead
✓ Salt
✓ Sulphur
✓ Bacteria
✓ Odor
✓ Color
We Also Offer:
• 24 Hour Service
• Sodium Free Soft Water (K-LIFE)
• Salt Del very Service
• Rent With Option to Own
Mark & Terri Kinder
Over 19 Yrs. Experience
We service all makes and models of water treatment equipment
Affordable wateR
CONDITIONING • SOFTENING • PURIFICATION
262-0197
# W-32
V(ISIT OUR SHOWROOM AT
3760 KORI ROAD. • JACKSONVILLE
Free Water Analysis License
fuotn
AGRIPROCESSORS SOUTH
Miami, ¿J-loaUHa
Official Kosher Meat Suppliers of
Margo’s Catering
at the Jacksonville Jewish Center
(904) 363-0200
(904) 363-0204 FAX
THandeutt
S^ct^Uccd (ZonafouctcM, (2o.
COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - RESIDENTIAL
TERRY CALDWELL
PROJECT MANAGER 8967 PHILLIPS HWY.
EC-987 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
176
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 197 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
August 2004
Av 14, 5764 - Elul 14, 5764
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
1
2
3
4
5
0 ||7:58PM
Herring BMitzvah
7 §9:00PM
Herring BMitzvah
Av 14
Av 15
Av 16
Av 17
Av 18
Av 19
Av 20
8
9
10
11
12
1 3 ||7:52PM
Slavin BMitzvah
14 §8:54PM
Slavin BMitzvah
Av 21
Av 22
Av 23
Av 24
Av 25
Av 26
Av 27
15
16
17
ROSH HODESH
18
ROSH HODESH
19
20 i|7:45PM
Abramson Bnai Mitzvah
2*| §8:46PM
Abramson Bnai Mitzvah
Av 28
Av 29
Av 30
Elul 1
Elul 2
Elul 3
Elul 4
22
23
24
25
26
27 ¡j7:37PM
Anderson BMitzvah
28 §8:39PM
Anderson BMitzvah
Elul 5
Elul 6
Elul 7
Elul 8
Elul 9
Elul 10
Elul 11
29
Elul 12
30
Elul 13
31
Elul 14
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
MANDARIN
ippjj
PETGROOMINGTS
PORT ION PAC me
For Appointment Call 10405 Old St. Augustine Rd.
Good things come in small packages. ™
268-5543 Just North of Hood & Hartley
Wishes Everyone
Brian S. Benwick
Vice President
A Happy & Healthy
New Year
DEMETREE, LONG, BUTLER
INSURANCE, INC.
P.O.Box 5788
3730 Beach Boulevard 904-398-5656
Jacksonville, FL 32247 Fax-398-2915
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
111
===== PAGE 198 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
Sunday Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
_
Thursday
3
September 2004
Elul 15, 5764 - Tishri 15, 5765
Friday
¡¡7:28PM 4
Saturday
§8:30PM
Elul 18
-j 0 ¡¡7:20PM
Stark BMitzvah
*|*| §8:21 PM
SELIHOT
Stark BMitzvah
12
13
Stark Social
14
15
16
ROSH HASHANAH I
17 ¡¡7:11PM
ROSH HASHANAH II
18
19
FAST OF GEDALIAH
20
21
22
23
24
25 §8:04PM
YOM KIPPUR (YIZKOR)
26
27
28
29
¡¡6:56PM
30
SUKKOTI
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
Mo44*tt Canmel Qa/vdeMi
EQUAL
HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY
• Housing for Seniors and
persons with verifiable disabilities
• Efficiencies, alcoves, small and
large one bedroom apartments
• Rental includes utilities (lights,
heat and air conditioning)
• Range, refrigerator and fully carpeted
• Laundry facilities available
• 24 hour security
• Complete activities program
• Jacksonville Housing voucher accepted
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace Linda Rubens, R.N.N.H.A.
Jacksonville, FL 32216 Executive Director
Telephone 733-6696 • Fax: 739-3512
178
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 199 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center
updated 6/17/2003
October 2004
Tishri 16, 5765 - Heshvan 16, 5765
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
SUKKOT II
Saturday
SUKKOT III
SUKKOT IV
SUKKOT V
SUKKOT VI
6 ii6:47PM
HOSHANAH RABBAH
SHEMINI ATZERET
(YIZKOR)
8 | ¡6:45PM
SIMCHAT TORAH
Tishri 23
§7:47PM
Tishri 24
10
17
11
12
13
14
15 ¡¡6:37PM
ROSH HODESH
Levenson BMitzvah
16 §7:39PM
ROSH HODESH
Levenson BMitzvah
18
19
20
21
22 ¡¡6:30PM
Friedman BMitzvah
23 §7:32PM
Friedman BMitzvah
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
[¡¡Candle Lighting, § Shabbat End]
DIGGER
m % m %
% %
ilUIPEIHliT
Uhc
uncovering opportunities
chillies SCHWAB
mmwrwTwmAL
DIGGER CAPITAL MAKES MONEY!
Do You?
WWW.DIGGERCAPITAL COM
SCOTT M. BALOTIN
Principal, Registered Investment Advisor
3691 Cathedral Oaks Place South " Jacksonville, Florida 32217
(904) 730-7442 direct (866) 730-7442 toll-free
Scott.Balotin@diggercapital.com
AOL Instant Messenger: DiggerCapital
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year;
The Bolotin’s
Scott, Ellen, Casey, Parker, & Digger
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
179
===== PAGE 200 =====
Best Wishes
Atkinson’s
Beauclerc Pharmacy
268-5575
Compliments of
min
PETROLEUM COMPANY
9735 StAugustine Road
9540 San Jose Blvd. • Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 737-7220
Residential • Commercial • Automotive • Lock-outs
Piner’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
904-398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
We Recommend
mQOOCO
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
Best Wishes!
10477 San Jose Blvd.
10160 Phillips Hwy.
9171 Baymeadows Rd
3939 University Blvd.
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
Clean 'WorCcQ Inc.
4526 Lenox JAve.
Jacks onvíCCe, fC32205
(904) 388-7090
fax (904) 389-2519
wwwxCeanworicCnet
Distributor of Janitorial,
Industrial and Equipment Supplies
Monthly Educational and Training Seminars
on all types of Cleaning, Safety and
Proper Equipment Use
Come Visit our Showroom!7!
The “Safe” Place To Shop
24 Hour Service
A Lock & Security, Inc.
Licensed • Bonded • Insured
(904) 262-LOCK
Visit Our Showroom
5050 Sunbeam Rd. #5
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
|(RjULp5
Hardwares
& Nurseries
MANDARIN
•11524 San Jose Blvd.
Mon-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
262-1965
ORANGE PARK
• 899 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sun. 9-6 Sat. 8-6
272-1230
“N.E. Florida’s
Largest Garden
Centers”
JACKSONVILLE
•5645 Blanding Blvd.
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 Sun. 10-6
771-6330
180
Mention the Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 201 =====
Qe¿Í
lo*. a Jíeaitlup
and <JtG4242M New l^feoA
The Selevan Family
Alice, Jack & Linda
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny & Ethan
Andrew, Rebekah & Jacob
===== PAGE 202 =====
9*i theAe dcuyi &j uAtcesdaintif, and the nnhnowintj,
&j what mLaht became, we mu¿t n¿Ae te the occcMan
and cetehiate what we haue, what we hnow
and what we chesUbh . . .
tf-GutUly, fyaUlt G4U& fynietufLi.
L’Shanah Tovah to all
from the Broudy Family
Stephen, Amy, Jaclyn, Ian & Beatrice
fee&t 'WibUeb jjQSi a
<Jleattlui & tJlappu New- tfeaA.
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Lynn 6- Brooke
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Robin, Joshua & Samantha
182
===== PAGE 203 =====
Be¿i 'Wiíhei, in the New 'Lfean,
Sid & Anita Garfinkel
Barry, Dana, Jeffery & Lisa Garfinkel
Steve, Brenda, Scott, Michael & Jennifer Albert
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
Dr. Bobby, Joanne, Blake, Alec
Olivia & Chloe Garfinkel
Kim, Doug, Lauren & Heather Diamond
Qood JtealtU, eMafíi2¿fie¿¿- & Peace
to- Ifoii. CUlA lyfouAA.
*1 Jweuxfitout the 'Ifeasi
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew, & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
183
===== PAGE 204 =====
'Wa^uneÁÍ /WibUe¿,
{o* a yea*. &¡ lovitUj, jjOAfülu,
lauXfUtesi asid. ¿j%ecial *ne*yvQ>Ue¿.. . .
The Zimmermans
Elli, Charles & Kim
Chase, Morrie, Bennett & Wendell
&eU WldieA.
feeii IfJibUei.
yob a eMeaUUu & .Jíaytyu^
Aleut tjeati
JjOA- a cMecUtítu, & cMapyuf
Aleut u/eati
Merle & Ron Cherry
The Fletchers
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Julius & Charlotte
Lin, Amy
Marc, Jenny and & Ethan
Andrew, Rebekah & Jacob
Dale
Gary, Sandi, Brad & Todd
Debbye, Juan & Jason
===== PAGE 205 =====
Sincere 'WulteA,
Beit 'Wiiltei jjM. acMafflxu,
& <Mealtluf, New fLfean-
fan a <JíeaiUuf,,
cMapfUf, Neut fljeasi
Renee & Alan Gordon
Lil Gordon
Maxine & Jerry Funk
Michael & Suzy
Ronnie & Faye
Amy & Chris Petersen
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Ellie Claire,
Dana, Steve, Jack & Georgia
Mcuj, tUe Gotnincj, l^eon
fánina tfou ¡joy
& tJtapaineM,,
úood cSeault & Peace
Beit 'WtilieA- p34- a
•JtGfLfUi, & tJleaWui-
New Ifeasi
Bruce, Edith,
Sam & Max Horovitz
Nathan, Diane,
Elizabeth, Emily
and Laura Goldman
185
===== PAGE 206 =====
cP'Qi^atv gTot^
JP. Shonoh ^cwalt!
We wibh all 044/1 j^Uendli
ohA netatiueA a happy
ohA healthy New ea/i.
Debby & Alan Katz
and Family
JP[Shariah 'lovah
Drs. Jeffrey & llene
Levenson
Annie, Brian & Eric
ii&it WuheA, jpsi
Peace, & ctlapplneAA
UiA044yho4it the
New- rLfeasi
The Lesniks
Richard, Tammy,
Megan & Shaun
1371571 7DTO TO1?
Mark, Karen, Morgan
and David Lodinger
186
===== PAGE 207 =====
cP'QÜ^gU 'tJovqI
JH''SltancUt ^lovcUt
*7iJzatcuH4,
Jl'SUanah. 'looalt
The Pakula
Family
The Schnipper
Family
WiíUUuj, Zv&ufO*t& a
Jesup cMoftpjf. & tJlecUtluf,
A/eut IfeaA.
•ansa mita ratf1?
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lori, Barry, Jeffery, Brian
and Mallory Blum
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
and Joey Plotkin
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
and Ethan Plotkin
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew
Morry & Rachel Safer
Deena &Jim Richman
Avi, Sara & Louis
187
===== PAGE 208 =====
Beit fliJi¿iteA, jpsi a
<JíapfUf & <Jtecdtlu/,
Neto y&a>i
Beit fWnUeA fo-i a
JtafifUf, & cMetUiluf
A/eiu If east.
Ellen, Barry
Drs. Barry & Rori
and
Stevens
Dena Setzer
Josh & Carly
Beii tyJiiUeA.
& dt&cdHi4i' fx
tMapfuf, ftlew- LjeaA,
Jl/lcuf, the Gomincj, yeasi
fe>Uncj, to you
All Uto BieiilncjA- oj
JlectlUt, Peace- & fjeq,
Leonard, Debra,
Faye, Benjamin
& Michael Setzer
The Shorstein Family
===== PAGE 209 =====
cp'OL^gliv
tf-osi Ute New 'Ljeasi
G*tA AlwOAfA, . . .
cflealUi, cMcvpjilneAA,
aud Peace
to l^ou, GukA IfouM,
Dr. Jerome, Dianne,
Leah, Mandy,
Michael, Mangala
& Maya Weitzen
Jl'BUanalt ^aocdt
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. &• Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
Oust Pe¿Í ílOültei jpti a
a cJlapfUf, S cMealtluf, Alew rlf&GSi
Morton & Vera Benjamin
Peit rWülteb jjon, a
dtofupuj, & etteaJMuf,
Neut, yeasi
ílt/i¿huuf, Zoetufotie
a eJíajiptf, S otiealtluf, Aleut yean,
Brad & Ruthie Berger
Eric, Tori & Hailey
Sandy, Lynn & Brooke
Zimmerman
May the Aleut yean, feniny you,
JieaUlt, cJlappinei S Pnabpenity
May we all Jztiout Peace,
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich & Nancy
Jeff & Lesley
Brian & Amy
189
===== PAGE 210 =====
We Wüh All Oust, ¿tnieudi a
cMealtluf, and dlayifuf, New- 'Ifeasi
The Fincks
Sanford, Stella, Seth,
Rachel, Aaron & Benjamin
A dlaftfuf, dlealthy
& Peaceful New- yeast,
Chary &■ Michael Greenburg
and Family
May l^ou, All <Jlaue a yean, of
<Jlealth, t^lcufXfUneAA, & Peace
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny, Ethan, Samuel
& Sydney Fialkow
Tina, Michael & Zachary Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
May all yousv Wasuneit Waited
yo*, each of oust, conysveyantd
he fulfilled in fulleit meadustc
fon, a, yean, of joy, Nachas,
& theisi jbeepeit 1bedined.
Ted & Eunice Gross
and Family
eMoftfUf, New- yeast,!
Gail, Paul & Liza Furman
Sylvia Gottlieb
Shanah 'tovah u ‘Metuhah
May Idle All fee PleMcd with
a Sweet & Qood yeast.
Rabbi & Mrs. Stephen
Grundfast and Family
PeitWahei
fon, a yeasi ¿tilled with
dleaJthf JlapfUneM, & Peace
The Goldbergs
Larry, Phyllis, Emily & Cara
Beit Waited fon, a cMayyiy &
cHealthy, New- yeasi
The Levines
Bill, Stevie,
Aaron & Samanatha
Edie Levine
===== PAGE 211 =====
cpVQUrmak XiovgA
Jl'Sltanalt ^oualt
Jan, Bruce,
Jessie & Emma Lipsky
SeAt WulteA. j¡OA a
JtcupfUf, & eMeaUluf. New O^eoA
Robin, Jeffery, Shira,
Aliza & Zachary Morris
rU/i¿iílna Ifou a Sweet
& eMexuUuf, Alew- tlfe42A
Drew, Michelle, Lauren
& Gabrielle Margol
A eJtapfUf, «SeaUltu and
PnoipeAoni New ^easi
The Mosias Family
Steve, Irene, Stefanie,
Daniel & Mark
OuA Se¿t 'WiátveA jpA a
tJleaWuf' & etlapfUf, New flf&GSi
The Marks Family
Alan & Jo
Josh & Jennie
Stacie & Sam Linsky
SeAt lAJüheA jpA a eMealtiuf- &
New l^ean.
Sandy, Joanne, Lindsay,
Whitney & Jillian Rosenberg
Shalom to- AU
William V McLaughlin
Ówi Se¿t WlilieA- jjoA a
cM-ofifUf, & Jlealtluj, New ‘Ifeasi
Judy & Steve Silverman
191
===== PAGE 212 =====
A cMealtluf, & eJlafLjzij, New- yean,
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler & Wendy Kesler
Marcy & Bill Fries
Herman & Judy Paul
Michael, Angie, Alex & Paige Paul
Steven, Jessica & Ashlyn Paul
Laurie & Mark Walther
Heii 'WiAhei JpA the New 'IjeaA
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, Heather & Marcus
May ijauA 'IjeaA He ¿jilted
with cMecdtUrcMcvpji¿neA¿. & Peace.
Abe & Shirley Bielski and Family
PeAÍ 'liJibUeA, jjOJi a yean of
Peace, otteaUU & otfapfUneM.
Cindy, Dan, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
Heit WuheA. jpA a IjeoA of
Peace, dleaUh & cMapfü*te¿¿.
Daniel & Robin Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Heit 'WiiheA. to. Ail Oua ¿j>.tiettdi
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
'l/Unlusuj, you a yean,
tf-illedl with Many PleAAinyi
Evan, Arlene,
Esther & Tania Yegelwel
HeU '1/Uiihei Jjoa a
cMeaUluf, & cMapfuj, New 'IjeaA.
Dorothy & Raymond Cohen & Family
eMapfUf, New 'IjeaA.
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence & Brian Datz
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth,
Emily & Laura Goldman
A JiaafUf, & cMeaitluf. New 'IjeaA to OuA
"j'UenJU., ¿jastULf, & ChauuAah
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
A Jlapfuf, & tJleaUluf, New 'IjeaA
Linaa & Lester Edelstein
Sandra & Barbara
Dr. Walker, Mindy & Rachel Whaley
eAafXfUf. New 'IjeaA
Sidney & Tootsie Backer
j\/la4f, 'IjouA IjeaA He ¿jilted with
stealth, cMapfUneii. & Peace
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline
& Amelia Ernas
===== PAGE 213 =====
Wokiny you, a yean, o¿
«health, & ipfUt
Michael, Ava, Leia & Julie Fixel
Pent Waken, ¿on. a J4apyiy & c/leaMhy New yean
Rhoda & Norman Kagan
Donna, Martin, Falyn
Jonathan & Lance Buring
Peni WinheA. ¿on a
cMaptfUf, & ckealtky Neat yean,
Ben & Pat Frisch
Adam, Mark and Steven
We Wiik you All
a sMapfuj, cMealtky New yean,
Sheldon & Harriett Kaplan
Lee & Kevin
Pent Waken. ¿on, a
pfty & cMeaUky /Veto yean,
Karl & Missy Frisch
Daniel, Erin, Eddie & Britney
Pent Wiikei ¿on a
(Mafxfuf., cMeaUky New yean.
Jim & Francine Kempner
JlofifUf, New- yean.
The Goldstein Family
Jeff, Doris, Ellen, Max& Aliza
JP'Skanak *7*aoak
Gene & Annetta Kornblum
Craig & Sheri
Paige & Rocky
Josh
cAapfUf, New- yean,
Judge Sam Goodfriend
Mr. & Mrs. Stephen Davis & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Darryl Weiler & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Michael Goldberg & Family
Pent Waken, ¿on a yean. o¿
Peace., cMeoltk & ckiapfUneU,
Dr. Harry & Susan Koslowski
Alexander, Jordan & Gabriel
JP'Shonok <rJooaU
Jane, Ira, Beth & Renee Grann
Marie & Irv Kowitz
Pat & Csaba Orban & Litsa
Hazzan Mitchell & Linda Kowitz
Joshua, Michael Benjamin, Shelly Marie,
Logan & Kyle
May you He PleiAed with Qood cMealtk
& JVafifUneM, in the New yean,
Leslie, Eddie & Eric Held
Kim, Jon, Eliza, Allie & Ayden Israel
HeU Waken, ¿on a
Peaceful & JieaUky New yean
Nathan & Carolyn Krestul & Family
Pent Waken. ¿on, a
Mapyuf, & cMeoltky New yean,
Ben Hoffenberg
Pent Waken, ¿on a
okealtky & <Jlctpyxy New yean,
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
===== PAGE 214 =====
fí>e¿t Wiáltei fon, a 'Ifea'i of Peace,
dtealtU £ dfayepúteM
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
Wiihiny you a yeasi of (food Jtealtk,
dlapfUneiA., Contentment £ Peace
Barbara, Jerry, Nicole & Noah Portnoy
Neat yeasi Qneetinyi
Kal & Judith Levinson
fyJtisuneit WuUei fosi a
alapfUf, £ Jleattluf, Neat yeasi
Julia, Jay, Arthur & Corey Portnoy
'We would like to W¿¿U Cvesiyene
a dtaftyxy £ dtealtUy New yeast,
Ali, Ivan & Mikayla
Lindenfeld
A dlafifuf, £ dteattky Neat yeasi
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
dtapyiu Neat- yeast, to- All Qistl Scouti,
youny £ youncf, at <Aeastt
Jan Lipsky
Peát Waited,
(food dlealth & <Hopyoy Neat yeasi
Hannah Rosenberg
Dr. Ben, Arlene, Heath & Micah Lewis
Irvin, Carol & Douglas Weinstein
Peit Wiiltei fon, a
tAeaUlty £ dlwpfuf, Neat yeasi
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Peit Waltei fosi a
dleaWty & cMaftfUf, Neat yeasi
Alan, Ellen,
Rachel, Adam & Gabriel Rosner
Pe¿t Wiiltd fosi a Sweet yeasi
Marilyn & Mike Mass
WiiUinCf, you a yeasi of (food diealtU & Peace
George & Ellen Rubens
Joshua
Marcy, Jason & Sydni Souza
Wi&Uina you £ yousu
A yeasi off fulfillment £ Peace
Jewel & Herman Miller
Peit Wakei fosi a yeasi
of Peace, <AealtU £ cMopyoineM-
Dr. Neil & Gaye Sager
Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy & Nicole Zunic
H.'Shanah looab,
Morrie, Kathy, Natalie, Jessica,
Melissa & Ashley Lois Osterer
May the Qominy yeasi ItsUna, you f)oy £
MapfUneM., (food Jlealtn £ Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Laurie & Paul
===== PAGE 215 =====
2'Shanah ^ouah ^ihatauu
Michael & Barbara Schneider
Lisa, Ivy & Stefanie
fieri Iriahei Jjon. a
<Jtealtlty £ happy New yean.
Myrna & Abe Spiwak
fyan. the New- IjeaA, £ /¡twayi
health, happineil £ Peace
Dr. Kenneth &• Sheryl Sekine
Joshua & Emilie Elizabeth, Sarah
fieri liliihei jpn. a
healthy £ happy New 'Ifeao
Mark & Wendy Talpalar
Max, Jamie & Emily
fieri 'Uflihei jpn. a
healthy,, happy New 'Ljea'i
Leonard & Mary Selber & Family
Roselyn Selber
Wibhiny you a ¿fnurifjul yean.
¿full off 2ooe £ happineii
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Shea & Rachael
Hilda Warfield
fieri lifiihei jpn. a
healthy £ happy New yean.
Rochelle Shainbrown
2'Shanah *7fooah
Sylvia Weiss
Michael, Jill, Scott & Jonathan
Randy, Stephanie, Kyler & Taryn
2'Shanah ^fouah *7’ihataou
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Peri VJuheL jpn. a Qood yean.
Sylvia Wexler
fieri rWi¿ite¿. to- ¿family £ ¿fníen&i
jpn. a happy £ healthy New yean.
Joni & Harry
Adam, liana & Ross Shmunes
2'Shanah *fooah
Dr. Bruce, Sharon,
Douglas &Jonathan Witten
'Ufiihiny oust, ¿family and ¿fnien&L
a healthy, happy Peaceful
£ PnoipenouA. New yean.
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
Oun. Peii fifibheb -fpn. a
healthy £ happy New yean.
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
fieri fWtihoL jpa a
healthy £ chappy New yean.
Carole & Barry Sinoff
fieri lAJibheb fan, a happy,
healthy New yean.
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex,
Jared & Allison Wolfson
===== PAGE 216 =====
tMofifUf, New yean
Jerry & Anita Zucker
Jonathan, Andrea & Jeffrey
Beit Wuhei ¡on a oUapfUf, & JteaUluf. New yean
Jack & Anita Dittman
Ricky, Elaine, Lauren & Erica Mack
New Ijeasi'l. Qneetincji.
Dr. Mark, Roz, Rachael & Alexandra Abramson
Beit 'UUihei ¡on the. New yean
Mr. 6- Mrs. Michael Donziger
jd’SUcauJt ^Jaoalt ^Uzaicu/u
David, Gayle, Jeremy & Richard Bailys
Beit 'Utiihei ¡on a <JlatxfUf, & tJleaUluf, New yean
Laurie, Lindfa, Susan, Shira,
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie DuBow
A & eAeaWuf, New yean
Fred, Allison & Nikki Bailys
Mcuf, you Quid BucceiA. in the New yean!
Etta Fialkow, Heidi & Sandy Drashin
Anne Benjamin
Mindy, Ira, Robin & Michael Einhorn
A tAapfuf. & tJieaLtluf. New yean to Alt
Martin, Betty, Angela & Joshua Edwards
cMafifUf New fljeoA
Marsha Berdit & Family
Jl’Bhanah *1auah
Judy & Saul Eisen & Family
QneetincjA. & Beit 'Wiihei
Edward E. & Rena Bernard
A tJtapfUf, & JleaWuf. New yean
Cynthia & Mel Freidlin
Beit 'UJiihei ¡on a New 'l/easi
Annette & Leon Bernstein
JP.'Bltanah *7'ooah
Steve, Vicki, Delta & Benjamin Gatewood
Beit 'UJibltei ¡on a cMapfUf. S. cMealtluf. New yean
Philip, Linda, Lauren & Sasha Bloom
A cMapfUf. Si cMeaWuf. New yean to. All
Beverly Geller & Family
WiiltUuf. you. a cMeaWuf. & Jlap^uf. New yean.
Naomie & Bob Bossen
cMopfUf. New yean
Bonnie Gelman
Beit Wiiltei ¡on a cMeaUluf, & Jlapfuf. New yean.
Dr. Stephen & Ruchel Broadman & Family
Beit Wahei ¡on a ettapfuf. & etteatUuf. New yean
Bruce, Janice, Jeffrey,
Rebecca & Mathew Glassman
Beit Willtei. ¡¡on, a tJlealtluf, New yean.
Becky Bromberg
Jl'Bhanah *)'ooah
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina & Brian Wolinetz
Beit Wühei ¡on■ a eJlealUuf, & <JtapfUf. New yean.
Barbara & Robert Cantor & Family
JP'Bhanah 'looah
Sol & Hilda Goldman
A tJleoUIuf. & eMafifUf. New yean.
David, Sonya, Gabrille & Joel Cohen
B.'Bhanah *7'ooah
Jonathan, Amy, Sam, Barry & Seth Goodman
Beit 'li/ühei ¡on a Jtap^uf. & <MealUuf. New yean
Myra Cohen
A JfapfUf. & eMeaUluf, New yean
to nuf. QattUhf, & Qnien&i
Use Gottlieb
===== PAGE 217 =====
CP'Ol^nualv "xSovqá
A <JtapfU, £ cMealtlu, flew- Ifeab
May Grann
Jl'Sltanalt *7'avail
Dr. Edward & Judy Mizrahi & Family
Beit WiiiteA. fob a aHapfuf, New 'Ifeab
Bea & Bud Grossman
Jiappu New 'Ifeab
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Sara, Dena, Jonathan & Debra
Beit Wiiltei fob a cMapfu, £ cMealtluf. New- tjea/i
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
Jl'Sltanalt *loualt
Steven, Faye, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
Beit 'Wiiltei fob a eAappuf, New- 'Ifeab
Arthur Hurwitz
JLapfu, New 'Ifeab
Judy Geller Nevel
Beit Wiiltei fob a cMeattluf, New 'Ifeab
Stanley & Sharon Kantor
New 'Ifeab
Dr. & Mrs. Melvin Newman & Family
Wi¿UUncj, you a New- yca/i failed with many
RleMitUfi a¡ Peace, cUealllt & Jíap^%UméA
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
Jt'Bltanalt ^loualt u ‘Metukak
Ken, Peggy, David & Rachel Organes
A Jlappu, £ ctíeattluf, New 'Ifeab to AIL
Laurette & Mark Kessler & Family
Mai, Peace., Jlealtlt £ jfcu, ¿lilt the 'Ifeab
Carole & Lawrence Ort
Rosalind Klein
Ann, Leon, & Arlene Silke
Cheryl & Greg Benisch
Wendy, Ron & Lauren Feinberg
Beit Wiiltei fob a tllapfu, £ eMealtlu, New 'Ifeab
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
Beit Wiiltei fob a eMapfUf, £ Jteattluf New 'Ifeab
Mark, Iris, Kenny & Elissa Kraemer
Peace, JtapftUteii. £ Jlealtlt to All
Anita & Allan Perlman and Joy Jeneff
A ottapjUf., cMeaiUu, New 'Ifeab
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
Beit Wiiltei fob a tJlapfu, £ cMealtluf, Neew 'Ifeab
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Beit Wiiltei fob a cMappu, £ cMealtlu, New 'Ifeab
Hilbert & Betty Ann Margol
Marsha, Ronnie & Lee Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Jt'SUanalt ^loualt
Wilbur & Marilyn Margol
A Jlealtlu■{ £ tMafXfU, New Ifeab
Goldie Portnoy & Family
Jlapfu, New 'Ifeab
Bernie & Joan Marón & Family
Beit Wiiltei fob a Jlopfu, £ JleaUlttf New 'Ifeab
Anne & Edwin Presser & Family
¿lappAf. New Ifeab
Lew & Evelyn Meisel
Beit 'Wiiltei fob a Jlappu, £ Jlealtluf, New 'Ifeab
Arlene, Jerry, Jason & Alyssa Rademan
Beit Wiiltei fob a Jlapfu, £ Jtealtlu, New 'Ifeab
Mrs. Mark (Alexine) Miller
Jlapfuj, £ Jlealtluf, New yeab
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
===== PAGE 218 =====
cP'Ot.nnak xSovaL
'liiiilutuf Boextfotte a dtcpptf £ dteaitluf /Veit* Ifeax-
Esther, Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Beit Wiiltei fax a dtcpfuf & dteaitluf Neat yeax
Sumner & Joan Waitz
eMapfuf. Neat yeax
Jack, Dale, Adam, Blair,
Mathew & Andrew Schemer
A dtcpptf & dteaitluf. Neat yeax
Esther Weiss & Family
Beit 'li/ixltei lox dtcppineiX and
Qood dtealth fax the Neat Ifeax
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
A dfafptf, dteaitluf S Peacefati Neat yeax
Mrs. Sylvia Wernow & Family
A rLjea/i in which
ALL uou/i fyond&U Jtofi&i Gome
Margaret Schemer & Phyllis & Marvin Gross
dtcpntf Neat yeax
Daniel, Cathy, Life, Mari,
Tess, Jess & Ember Wilensky
Jl.'Slumalt ^loaalt
David, Priscilla, Matthew & Jason Schmerer
Beit Wiiltei fox a dteaitluf & dtcpptf Neat yeax
Edward & Bunny Witten
Beit 'Wiiltei fax a dteaitluf Plato- Ifeax
Nathan & Thelma Schneider
Jtrsiuutalt *7'oaalt
Dan, Amy, Rachel, Melissa & Sam Wyzan
dtcpfUf Plow- Ifeax
Risa & Jodi Schneider
dtcpfuf £ dteaitluf Neat yeax
Murray & Chickee Yegelwel
A dteaitluf, dtcpfuf £ Peacefati P/eto 'Ifeax to- All
Irene Shawn & Family
Peace, Qood dteaUtlt £ dtcpfUtteii
fax tlte Neat yeax
Elsie Yellin
cAapfUf, Pleat- Ifeax
Marvin & Bea Sherman & Family
Michael, Linda, Daniel & Sarah Abramson
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler & Family
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Lewis & Sybil Ansbacher
Eleanor Baker
Brian & Judie Benwick
Larry & Carla Bernard & Family
Gertrude Bernhardt
Archie Boatwright
Evelyn & David Borstein & Family
Mrs. Kurt (Nore) Brauner
Louis Cohen
Jerrold & Mary Cohn
Philip & Pollie Copans
Beatice & Meyer Caplan & Family
Barry, Linda, Jayson & Greg Dacks
Beit Wiiltei fax a dteppuf S dteaitluf Plow- 'Ifeax
Susan & Arnold Signer & Family
Beit Wiiltei fax a dtaftptf Pleat 'Ifeax
Jack & Molly Silverman
Beii Wiiltei fax a Peacefati Neat 'Ifeax
Dr. Mandell &■ Rita Stearman
A dtappuf £ dteaitluf Neat 'Ifeax
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
dtcpjuf Neat yeax
Dr. Sidney Stillman & Family
A dtcppuf, dteaitluf & Peacefati Neat yeax to- AU
Harry & Dot Verstandig
===== PAGE 219 =====
cp'Q^ak <001^2
Moti, Cindy, Michael & Ori Demri
Cynthia W. Disher & Family
Sandi Driben
Emanuel & Harriette Ehrlich
Ruth Fagan
Arlene Faracchio
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
Charlotte Fialkow
Michael, Beth, Ariella & Joshua Fleet
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois & Irwin Gendzier
Margaret Rose Gerber & Rachel
Mrs. Carl (Rose) Goldberg
Carole, Bob, David, Eric & Lane Goldberg
Helen Goldman & Family
Samuel Goodfarb & Family
Roz & Faye Goodman
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
Diane Greenbaum & Family
Julie Halpern &■ Family
The Honigman Family
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Robert & Marilyn Kauss
Rabbi & Mrs. Dov Kentof & Family
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Lil Koegler &■ Family
Hank, Ellen, Lauren & Jessica Kopp
Walter & Sylvia Kraemer
Philip, Dodi, Jordan & Madison Kress
Dorothy S. Legum
Paula Lerner
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik & Family
Phyllis Lewis & Family
Marla, Gary, Pamela & Steven Lewis
Hilda Lewit
Clara & Milton Mann
Joyce Margol & Family - Dallas, Texas
Norma Margol
Hilda Mazo & Family
Dr. David & Judy B. Mizrahi
Ira & Evelyn Peck
Dr. Morris & Ruby Price
Sol & Rochelle Proctor & Family
Lou Ann Ralph & Family
Leon Robins & Family
Betty & William Rose
Gertrude & Leonard Rosenberg & Family
Mrs. Benjamin (Rachael) Rosenthal
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth & Family
Mrs. Irvin (Bess) Rothstein
Bernard & Celia Sachs
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer & Family
Morris Schemer
Minnie Schreiber
Mr. & Mrs. Harry Shorstein & Family
Leah &■ Iris Solomon
Ronald Spiwak, Rachel & Joanna
Mrs. Samuel H. Taxier & Family
Mervyn & Barbara Teitelman & Family
Lois, Bob Ben & Alec Tompkins
Jean Weinberg & Family
Alan & Sandy Weiss
Martin & Sandra Weiss & Family
Martin & Minnie Weisstein & Family
Josh & Elyse Whitman & Family
Mr. & Mrs. Benjamin Zimmerman
Zipora Zucker
199
===== PAGE 220 =====
BC
Philip H. Bloom
President
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904)880-3667 • FAX (904) 880-4667
FINE FURNITURE FOR 53 YEARS
11173 Beach Blvd. 10380 San lose Blvd.
just west of St. Johns Bluff just south of 1-295
641-0822 262-2577
Thanking Center Members for All their Business
FLORIDA
WILBERT, INC.
Offering Wilbert Burial Vaults
and Other Fine Burial Products
5050 New Kings Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32209
765-2641
Mark L. Abramson, M.D.
Urology & Infertility
3627 University Boulevard. S. Suite #245
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
346-3333
THE FRESII W
ST
8808 A1A North
Ponte Vedra Beach
273-8450
10950 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville
880-7889
Waitz & Moye, Inc.
Professional Engineering Services
Civil • Environmental • Transportation
Traffic • Planning
6900 Southpoint Drive, North
Suite 430
Jacksonville, FL 32216
Telephone (904) 332-9911
Fax (904) 332-9955
FLQOgS BTPESKiR
Formerly “Carpet & Vinyl World”
49 YEARS SERVING NORTH FLORIDA
• 3819 Main St. Phone 356-3366
• 1430 Cassat Ave. Phone 389-9906
• 592 Marsh Landing Pkwy. Phone 273-2088
200
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 221 =====
Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715 • www.jaxjewish.org
— Executive Committee -
President
Guy Benrubi
1st Vice President
Leslie Held
Vice Presidents
Michael Korn
Harris Rittenberg
Stacie Wilf
Vice President and
Women’s Division Chair
Barbara Parker
Treasurer
Mark Shorstein
Secretary
Morton Kesler
Immediate Past President
Mitchell Levine
The Jacksonville Jewish Federation
serves as a central resource for our Jewish
community. In summary, the Federation is
dedicated to providing for the welfare of
every Jewish person living in Jacksonville.
Through a partnership with the United Jewish
Communities, formerly known as UJA, we
are equally committed to the survival of, and
quality of life for, every Jew living in Israel
and throughout the Diaspora.
The five major local recipient agencies
of funds raised by the Federation are the
Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family
& Community Services, River Garden
Hebrew Home, Jacksonville Jewish
Foundation and the Solomon Schechter Day
School. We are proud of the invaluable
services provided by these five outstanding
Jewish agencies. It is a privilege to assist
them in trying to meet their goals.
Jewish education is extremely
important, and the Federation is proud to
support the Solomon Schechter Day School,
Beit Midrash Hebrew High and Etz Chaim
Hebrew Academy. Through the Joan Levin
Gift of Israel program and birthright israel,
Federation is helping to make the dream of a
trip to Israel a reality for Jewish teens and
college youth in our community. All of the
synagogues in our community receive funding
from the Federation campaign.
The Federation is involved with
community relations, leadership development
and Missions to Israel. We will continue to
work in cooperation with our local agencies,
UJC and the synagogues to address the vital
issues and challenges in the entire arena of
Jewish continuity.
Last fall, Federation conducted a
demographic study of our Jewish Community.
The information we are receiving from this
study is going to serve us as we begin this fall
with a Long Range Strategic Planning Process
in cooperation with the synagogues and major
local agencies.
Our Officers and Board of Directors wish
the congregation a happy and healthy New Year.
— Dr. Guy Benrubi, President
Alan Margolies, Executive Director
Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
P.O.Box 24847 ‘Jacksonville, FL 32241
Phone:904 - 394-0720 • Fax:904 - 394-0956
e-mail: info @ Jacksonville jewishfoundation.org
www. Jacksonville Jewish F oundation.org
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation Board of Trustees wishes you and yours
“L’Shana Tovah, may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year”
Mission: To ensure the future of our Jewish community and life with dignity for every Jew.
To ensure that our synagogues and agencies have the financial resources they need so that
generations to come may enjoy our rich Jewish heritage and traditions.
Partnership: Beth El -The Beaches Synagogue, Beth Shalom Congregation, Congregation
Ahavath Chesed (The Temple), Etz Chaim Synagogue, Jacksonville Jewish Center,
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Community Alliance, Jewish Family and Community
Services, River Garden Hebrew Home.
Summary: The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation is truly our Jewish community Foundation,
providing planned giving and endowment services to our partners in order to further the
stated mission.
B’nai Tzedek: B’nai Mitzvah youth are invited to establish their own B’nai Tzedek funds.
B’nai Tzedek.members participate directly through the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
partnership in implementing a plan to perpetuate the future of the Jacksonville Jewish
community. Participants contribute $125 of their funds, the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
contributes $250. B’nai Mitzvah youth take an active role in giving throughout this Jewish
community.
Book of Life: Imagine a time in the future when a child’s fingers touch a page in the
Foundation Book of Life... The questions begin... why is your name in the inscription in this
precious book of memories? An inscription in The Book of Life is a promise to establish an
Endowment Fund on behalf of any of the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation partners. Leave
your living legacy of caring for those in need... inscribe your story now.
— Foundation —
Board of Trustees
Fiscal Year 2003-2004
Stephen Silverman - President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Michael Donziger *- Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. - V.P.
Mel Gottlieb* - Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe,CIMA
Howard I. Korman, Esq.
Joan Levin
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Neil Presser, CPA - Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
Mark Shorstein, CPA - Sec.
Richard Sisisky
Dr. Roy J. Sloat**
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Dennis Wolfson
Rabbi Eliezer Ben-Yehuda
Barry Zisser, Esq.
♦Past President
•• Of Blessed Memory
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
201
===== PAGE 222 =====
JCA
Community Agencies
‘Etcwicl
Jewish Community Alliance
Ory/rf/vo &ct 'P&aJv&v ^orvvrvvt^vt^^ C'0wvvjJ4A¿'
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
■ Board of Directors —
Executive Committee
Kenneth B. Jacobs
President
Margery Serkin
Vice President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Ira Goldfield
Vice President
Steve Sherman
Vice President
Randy Kammer
Secretary
Robin Bass
Treasurer
David Miller
Assist. Sec./Treasurer
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
Our Jewish identity is important. The JCA seeks to create a positive and affirming
environment of Jewish culture and heritage. We strive to welcome all and share our
Jewish traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life,
culture, and community (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish community
(3) enhance the quality of life for all segments of the community and (4) strengthen
family life. The JCA fulfills its mission through an integrated range of high quality
programs for people of all ages including: childcare and family programs, fitness and
recreational facilities and activities, Jewish education, culture and arts programs, and
by providing a place for family, “neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other
local synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and
celebrations.
New classes and programs are always being added to meet the diverse interests of
our members. We serve the Jacksonville Jewish community with programs like the
NAEYC accredited Gan Yeladim preschool, after school care for elementary age youth,
the Challenge Program, Yiddish for Fun, adult Torah study group, classical music
appreciation, pottery classes, children’s birthday parties, computer classes, yoga, aerobics,
Middle School Night Out, Great Books discussion group, swim instruction, gymnastics,
swim team, tennis teams and clinics, aqua aerobics, youth, teen and men’s basketball
leagues, Mommy and Me program, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer program, Theatre of Youth,
summer camp accredited by the American Camping Association and so much more ...
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to
be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership affordable to
all. Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs - after all, YOU
ALREADY BELONG.
Shalom!
River Garden Auxiliary
The River Garden Auxiliary began in 1922 with a small group of
ladies who called themselves the Ladies Hebrew Home Sheltering Aid
Society. The group was formed to help care for residents in the home
on Riverside Avenue. Although as an organization we have grown, our
goals remain the same, to enhance the daily lives of each and every resident.
Our volunteers are an ever-present part of the Home, fulfilling the
needs of our residents with love, a smile, and a tender touch. Their
volunteer time to the Home and residents is given unselfishly and with
a dedication that is unwavering. The Auxiliary also provides financial
support for ancillary needs and services for the residents.
As part of the Auxiliary, you can make a difference. Join us in our
commitment to “Honor thy father and thy mother.”
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers 2003-2004
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P.:
Membership V.P.:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
Andrea Raitt
Alice Sherman
Marilyn Datz
Barbara Safer
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
Vivian Kaplan
202
— Andrea T Raitt, Auxiliary President
===== PAGE 223 =====
Community Agencies
River Garden
HEBREW HOME/WOLFSON HEALTH & AGING CENTER
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • 260-1818 • www.rivergarden.org
A Gold Seal Community
“Honor thy father and mother that thy days may be long . . .” It was this
commandment which inspired the founding of River Garden Hebrew Home in
1946. It was this commandment which nourished the love and care that for more
than fifty years has made River Garden a nationally recognized model of excellence
in its field. It was this commandment that made it necessary to create a Home that
is welcoming to families and encourages its use as an extension of family space.
River Garden residents are a part of the community, not apart from it!
The River Garden Hebrew Home has also become the anchor of a growing
system of elder services including the Home, The Coves, Family Care Support
program and Home Health Agency. The success of River Garden is based on the
tradition of meeting 100 percent of local Jewish community needs and of serving
rich and poor alike with excellence. The River Garden Foundation accepts
donations to help River Garden continue to meet its mission. This would not be
possible without substantial charitable support from the community and the work
of The River Garden Foundation to stimulate planned gift annuities, trusts and
bequests.
River Garden’s programs of short-term rehabilitative/respite care, long¬
term residential care, Alzheimer’s/Adult Day Care and outpatient therapies serve
hundreds of people a day. These programs are guided by a devoted, professional
full time staff of over 230. Staff includes physicians and beauticians, nurses,
social workers, pharmacists, activities specialists, physical occupational and
speech therapists, dieticians, etc. In addition, scores of dedicated volunteers help
create a special caring community.
Located on a 35 acre Mandarin campus containing lush Florida oak and
pine trees, a private lake, meandering walking paths, River Garden is the perfect
setting for residents and visitors. River Garden is a community where people
live, love and care. It is a community of many lifestyles and of rich Jewish content,
and a community which every day strives to live up to the mandate of the Fifth
Commandment.
River Garden
foundation
The River Garden Foundation is a philanthropic organization, established
to provide resources for programs and facilities to enhance the quality of life for
the aged. Its primary purpose is to fund the not-for-profit River Garden system of
services.
The foundation is dedicated to helping the elderly remain in control of their
own lives by assuring services to people at all levels of need and financial ability.
The aim of the Foundation is to keep pace with the changing needs of the
aging through programs that meet a broad array of health care needs, as well as
provide a full spectrum of residential options.
This elegant yet affordable
retirement community is located on
River Garden’s 35 acre campus in
Mandarin.
Sponsored by the not-for-profit
River Garden Holding Company, The
Coves offers comfort, security,
clubhouse living and the opportunity for
continued growth during the retirement
years, in a Jewishly sponsored
environment.
River Garden Holding Company
President:
Minnie Schreiber
Vice President: Michael Greenburg
Vice President:
Lewis Meisel
Secretary:
Bernard Datz
Treasurer:
Martin Wolf
River Garden Hebrew Home
President:
Ronald Elinoff
Vice President:
Michael Lissner
Vice President:
Gloria Einstein
Vice President:
Mark Lodinger
Vice President:
Jack Price
Secretary:
Sidney Engelhardt
Treasurer:
Robert L. Jacobs
River Garden Foundation
President:
Margery Serkin
Vice President:
Mel Gottlieb
Vice President: Stacie Parker Wilf
Secretary:
Marsha Pollock
Treasurer: Jeffrey R. Edwards
The Coves Board
President
Jack Price
Vice President
Michael Lissner
Vice President
Donald Romo
Secretary: Michelle Graff-Radford
Treasurer
Lois Schlesinger
203
===== PAGE 224 =====
Community Agencies
Jewish Family & Community Services
6261 Dupont Station Court East
Jacksonville, FL 32217 • Phone 448-1933
Iris T. Young, Executive Director
Mount Carmel
Gardens, Inc.
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace
Jacksonville, FI. 32216
(904) 733-6696
The mission of Jewish Family & Community Services
is to strengthen the entire community by providing
vital family and individual services to anyone, without
precondition or prejudice, in a manner rooted in the
Jewish tradition of helping people to help themselves. In
the coming year, JFCS will continue to serve seniors,
families, couples, individuals, children and those in need.
Some of the many services offered by JFCS:
Adopt-A-Senior
You can help support Kosher Nutrition, and the elderly
in our community who rely on the program, by
“adopting” a senior. Call 448-1933 to learn more.
Adoption
JFCS continues to place babies into loving homes
across the country, including Florida, Connecticut and
New York, three states that require a license to place
children.
Bus Rental
Now the community can rent the JFCS buses to shuttle
guests to and from life cycle events and family gatherings.
Enjoy bar and bat mitzvahs, weddings and other special
occasions without the headache of coordinating rides for
out-of-town guests.
Community Kosher Nutrition Program
CKNP continues to provide hot, nutritious, kosher meals
to the elderly at Mt. Carmel, in a safe and friendly environment.
Counseling
JFCS provides quality mental health care by licensed professionals, at reasonable
rates. Confidentiality is always guaranteed. Services include counseling for grief,
depression, family issues, parent-child conflict, life transitions and much more.
Emergency Financial Assistance
JFCS provides past due rent and utilities, FEMA assistance and SHIP dollars for
deposits to the needy in our community. Confidentiality is always guaranteed for
all services. Information and referral services are also available.
Feed A Needy Neighbor
With donations of non-perishable food items from a concerned community, JFCS
provides emergency groceries to families and individuals experiencing difficult times.
Jewish Healing Network
The Jewish Healing Network reaches out to those who are struggling, ill or dying
by sharing the rich resources within the Jewish tradition.
Jewish Hospice Connection
JFCS collaborates with Community Hospice Northeast to offer services to Jewish
individuals. When a member of the Jewish community enters the hospice program,
a social worker from JFCS will be assigned. If requested, a volunteer from the
Jewish Healing Network will be provided, as well.
Senior Transportation
JFCS transports seniors to religious services, doctors appointments, shopping centers
and recreational activities for an affordable fee.
There’s So Much More ...
These are just a few of the many services offered at JFCS. For those needs the
agency cannot address, staff is alway available to refer you to the appropriate resource.
204
JFCS Officers
2003-2004
President:
Debbie Gottlieb
First Vice President:
Sandy Kesler
Treasurer:
Michael Lissner
Chairman:
Mark Shorstein
Vice Presidents:
Lawrence Ansbacher
David Garfinkel
Stuart Herman
James Kempner
Gail Sterman
Charles Sussman
Lynn Sussman
Elaine S. Wright
Linda Rubens, R.N., N.H.A.
Executive Director
Home Is Where The Heart Is
Mount Carmel Gardens
apartments was designed, even to the
smallest detail, to provide comfortable
and pleasant surroundings. From the
initial concept, Mt. Carmel Gardens has
strived to create respectable living,
providing more than housing. Mt.
Carmel Gardens offers a 17-story
building on a beautifully landscaped
site, 24-hour staffing, community
facilities, and planned programs, all of
which were developed as part of an
overall concept...a concept of
responding to the desires of retirees for
security, comfort, safety, independence
and the enrichment of stimulating
social-recreational activities shared
with others.
Mount Carmel Gardens is
conveniently located, with transportation,
shopping, hospital and doctor’s offices
nearby.
Mt. Carmel Officers
and Board of Directors:
Jack Coleman, President
Brian Benwick, 1st Vice President
Ann Storch, Secretary
Dr. Ben Lewis, Treasurer
Members:
Louise Axelberg
Dolores Dworetsky
Nathan Franzblau
Peter Fryefield
Ardene Halpern
Francis L. “Len” Loving
Terri Poster-Taylor
Jim O’Steen
Ruth Slutzah
John Stafford
David Thorny
George Thornton
===== PAGE 225 =====
Community Organizations
American Red Magen David for Israel
Founded in 1930 as a First Aid Society, Magen David
Adorn evolved into Israel’s emergency medical, disaster,
ambulance and healthcare network - 24/7. Every person in
every corner of Israel looks to MDA to perform the usual
tasks carried out by Red Cross Societies throughout the world,
and then some. You are undoubtedly familiar with MDA in
action, having viewed on TV our white and red ambulances
rushing to the scene of the latest terrorist attack. You’ve also
witnessed MDA’s medics, paramedics, drivers and volunteers
working at to save countless lives. The unrelenting atrocities
have placed a heavy toll MDA resources.
Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle and Annual Concert
proceeds this year will be used to purchase depleted medical
equipment and supplies for the Hadera-Eiron Region. If you
would like to make a contribution to this fund, please send a
check to Mitzvah ARMDI, 4485 Rock River Road W.,
Jacksonville FL 32224.
Though the symbol of Magen David Adorn, a Red Star
of David, is recognized by the American Red Cross, and the
International Red Cross has finally acknowledged there is a
problem, efforts are still going on to achieve international
acceptance of our symbol. Support for the State of Israel with
a membership of only $25 or $200 Chapter Life and do the
mitzvah of pikkuach nefesh by joining today. Mail to Mitzvah
ARMDI, 9830 Woodrose Lane, Jacksonville, FL 32257
For us it's only a check, for them it could mean life
itself
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University Women’s Committee is really a
misnomer, since our organization has many men, as you will
note from our officer’s list. Our primary goal is financial
support for Brandéis University and its Libraries, as well as
supporting scholarship funding. It connects Brandéis, a
nonsectarian university founded by the American Jewish
Community, to its members and their communities through
programs that reflect the ideals of social justice and academic
excellence.
Brandéis - Jacksonville covers a diverse range of
interests. Our Study Groups offer something for everyone,
from reading books and plays to great dining and more.
Our membership includes couples as well as singles
(women and men). We afford our members the opportunity to
continue learning, as well as the chance to just have fun.
“Traveling Gourmet” features dinners at various area
restaurants with emphasis on the exotic. “Reel Special,” our
movie group, picks films of unusual interest, followed by
dinner and discussion. “Food for Thought” is the strength of
such groups as “Great Literature,” “Current Events,” as well
as many other offerings.
We welcome everyone to join with us in this unique
organization. If you would like additional information, please
contact our Membership Vice President, Estelle Kritz at 636-
6636 or President, Norma Levy at 641-7335.
2003 - 2004 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of Magen David Adorn
President:
MembershipVP:
Membership Chair:
Retention:
Outreach:
Fund Raising VP:
Concert:
Raffle:
Cards/Donations:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Bulletin:
Publicity:
Past President:
At-Large Board:
Emeritus:
Wendy Honigman
Hana Schindler
Lea Gabbay
Joann Arinsberg, Gert Bernhardt,
Judy Levenson
Ray Hardy
Madelyn Glossman
Penny Powell
Bonnie Hardy
Michelle Grossman
Leon Robbins
Shari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Priscilla Schmerer
Elaine Furman
Chiel A. Wind, MD
Hana Bendit, Fern Estner,
Joseph Honigman, MD, Jo Marks,
Hannah Rosenberg, Roccio Wind
Ilse Gottlieb, Carol & Harvey Matoren
2003-2004 Officers
of Brandéis University Women’s Committee
Presidents:
Program VPs:
Membership VP:
Fundraising VP:
Study Group VPs:
Financial Secretary:
Treasurer:
Secretary:
Esther Kahn, Norma Levy
Gaye Feuer, Betsy Pearl
Estelle Kritz
Susan Derby
Rachel Halpern, Hilda Gelfman
Mildred Kaufman
Martin Wolf
Judy Gerson
Directors: Elaine Fendell, Doris Gross, Norma Tasman
Nominating Committee: Betsy Pearl, Chair
Rita Garfinkel, Doris Gross, Anne Brueske, David Selin
205
===== PAGE 226 =====
Community Organizations
Hadassah
National Council of Jewish Women
“Hadassah has always been an important bridge to
peace. By treating all people without regard to nationality
or religion, Hadassah has shown the world what peace in
the Middle East will look like.”
— Yitzchak Rabin, 1994.
The National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW) is
a volunteer organization, inspired by Jewish values, that
works through a program of research, education, advocacy,
and community service to improve the quality of life for
women, children and families, and strives to ensure
individual rights and freedoms for all.
Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity,
we must actively pursue righteousness and justice at home,
in the community, and in the world. In this tradition,
Hadassah was founded in 1912 by Henrietta Szold to bring
public health services to pre-state Israel. Today, more than
300,000 American women support our network of Israel
projects in addition to our volunteer work at home. Across
the US, Hadassah promotes health education, community
service, and Jewish education and research. Hadassah
advocates on issues ranging from Israel-US relations to
First Amendment protections to women’s rights and health
concerns.
One by one, we must each take responsibility for
transforming hopes, promises, and echoes into deeds.
Jacksonville Hadassah invites your participation in one of
our five groups: Hannah Senesch, Shir Li, Tikva, Nurse’s
& HCP Council and Yamit.
For information please contact
any of our Presidents:
Chapter
Hannah Senesch
Nurses & HCP Council
Shir Li
Tikva
Yamit
Jacksonville Chapter
Presidents
Fundraising VP
Membership VP
Education VP
Treasurer
Records Administrator
Corresponding Sec.
Recording Sec.
Advisor
Trida Bettman
Barbara Schneider
Leah Solomon
Shoshana Haas
Carol Matoren
Perrin Rubin
Rebecca Schwam
Linda Bloom
Pat Frisch
Evelyn Peck
of Hadassah Board:
Trida Bettman
Barbara Schneider
June Shenkman
Pearl Marton
Phyllis Goldberg
Evelyn Moskovitz
Judy Shorstein
Stella Finck
Donna McNett
Janis Dorman
The Jacksonville section of NCJW was established
in 1939, and is currently involved in such programs as:
1. Organizing forums for candidates for local offices to
present their views to the Jewish community;
2. Bringing the CARGO gun safety program to
Jacksonville;
3. Bringing kosher meals, as well as a caring word, to
homebound Jewish people;
4. Organizing advocacy on state and federal issues
involving women, children, and families;
5. Encouraging Jewish participation in the interracial
Study Circles project.
6. Providing a Hanukkah celebration at Wolfson
Children’s hospital, bringing entertainment and gifts to
patients;
7. Registering voters, as part of a national “Promote the
Vote” campaign;
8. Providing entertainment and refreshments to Mt.
Carmel residents;
9. Recognizing women who have made great
contributions to our community, through our annual
Women in Power luncheon;
10. Helping seniors to overcome isolation through the use
of computers; and
11. Continued support of programs which we helped start,
and which now function independently, such as Guardian
ad Litem, Home Instruction Program for Preschool
Youngsters, and PACE.
For information, contact Gloria Einstein.
I 2003 NCJW Officers
President Gloria Einstein
VP Community Service Dr. Millie Tannen
VP Membership Rhoda Goldstein
VPs Programming Paulette Kieffer
Etta Fialkow
Treasurer Cindy Demri
Communications Coordinator Janice Meisel
Membership Records Coordinator Cindy Wohl
Bulletin Editor Suzanne Pittman
206
===== PAGE 227 =====
Community Organizations
Jacksonville Mitzvah Clown Corps
Forming a Mitzvah Clown corps at the Center was conceived
by Neil Maiman (at right), as a Bar Mitzvah project. With help
from his parents, Leonardo & Lynn Maiman, Neils idea
blossomed. We express our gratitude to them for bringing this
valuable program to our community.
Amid laughter and a sea of bright colors, fifty Mitzvah
Clowns were “bom” at the Jacksonville Jewish Center in April
2002. The group participated in the inaugural Mitzvah Clown
training session conducted by “Buttercup,” “Sweet Pea” and
“All Ears,” longtime Mitzvah Clowns affiliated with
Congregation B’nai Israel in Millburn, New Jersey and
supported by Danny Siegel’s Ziv Tzedakah Fund. The Mitzvah
Clowns seek to bring smiles and companionship to sick and
aged people while enhancing self-confidence from the joy of
performing mitzvot.
On the first day of training, twenty adults learned
clowning skills and methods of incorporating these skills in
furthering acts of kindness and community service. The next
day, 28 students from Solomon Schechter Middle School and
the Center Religious School’s Etgar class also learned how to
apply clown makeup, perform balloon sculpting and other
skills necessary to become a Mitzvah Clown. The two-day
event culminated in a visit with the residents of Mount Carmel
who greeted the Mitzvah Clowns enthusiastically as they
joined the Mitzvah Clowns in song and dance.
Our new Mitzvah Clowns have been busy since their
initial training: the SSDS 8th graders paid a visit to Wolfson
Children’s Hospital; the SSDS 7th graders visited Mt.
Herman Exceptional Student Center and other Mitzvah
Clowns entertained our children at this month’s Lag B’omer
picnic.
Plans are in the works for additional site visitations as
well as a fall training session. If you are interested in
becoming a Mitzvah Clown, please send a postcard with
your name, address, phone number and e-mail address to
Mitzvah Clowns c/o of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
207
===== PAGE 228 =====
Voice: (904) 655-5507
Fax: (904) 200-9897
Social Work License - SW0001801
Ira Grann, Iod>W
Individual and family Therapy
fldult*, Children, fldoleseents
Clinical Hypnosis and Supervision
8833 Perimeter Park Blvd. #503 1542 Kingsley Ave. #145
Jacksonville FL 32216 Orange Park FL 32073
C
a
PINCHAPENNY
POOLPATIOSPA
The Perfect People For A Perfect Pool
...YOUR POOL & PATIO
SUPERSTORE !
11200 San Jose Blvd.
268-9561
0?tc6Ci»tfy &iot6en&
LATHING - PLASTERING - STUCCO
METAL STUDS - DRYWALL - DRYVIT
ACCOUSTICAL TILE - FLOOR COVERING
PHONE
(904) 359-0314
1703 LAMBERT STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32206
LIMITED
SECURITY INTEGRATORS
CCTV * ACCESS CONTROL
AUTOMATIC GATES
ALARM INSTALLATION & MONITORING
LIC. # EG0000197
(904) 262-4659
FAiviily Practíce, PA
V David I. Wartenberg, MD
Board Certified Family Practice
Cathy Schan-Wartenberg, PA. C
9891-4 San Jose Boulevard
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Office: (904) 886-9996 Fax: (904) 886-9899
iiverj
SPECIALTY ADVERTISING
268-5818
Serving the Jacksonville Community for Ten Years
Put your logo on
T-shirts Pens Golf Shirts Gifts Calendars
Giveaways Hats Pencils Mugs ...and more
Robin Rand • Linda Schuster • Arlene Rubin
BREAKFAST
GOURMET BAKERY
SPECIALTY COFFEES
SMOOTHIES
CATERING
BOX LUNCHES
TRAYS
TAKE OUT
ATLANTA
• BREAD -
COMPANY
BAKERY CAFE
• COPIES
• COLOR COPIES
• PACKING
• SHIPPING
•FAX
• NOTARY
• PRIVATE MAILBOXES
• PASSPORT PHOTOS
• BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
•AND MUCH MORE
5613 San Jose Boulevard
Call or Fax - We Deliver
448-0808 • 448-0806 fax
3832 Baymeadows Road • Jacksonville
Next to Stonewood Grill - Baymeadows at San Jose
Phone: 904/739-1363 Fax: 904/739-1364
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
208
===== PAGE 229 =====
Directory of Advertisers
A
“A Day To Remember* Weddings 63
A Lock & Security, Inc 180
A Unique Entertainment, Inc 51
ABC Sealcoating & Striping 82
Abramson, MarkL. M.D 200
Abramson, Michael -
■ Allstate Insurance Company 136
Access Limited 208
Acura of Orange Park 2
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery 108
Adam’s Mark Jacksonville 56
Afforable Water 176
AgriProcessors South 176
All Purpose Printing 165
Altantic Security 126
AMC Global Communications 167
Amira’s Kosher Market 106
Arby’s Restaurant 180
Art & Soul of Ponte Vedra 152
Ashford Services 30
Assessment Technologies Group ... 146
Athens Cafe 42
Atkinson’s Beauclerc Pharmancy... 180
Atlanta Bread Company, Inc 208
Augustine Landing -
Gracious Retirement Living 26
Award Emporium Plus 114
B
B J Brown Photographic Artist 50
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Balotin, Scott-Digger Capital
' Management, Inc 179
BDT Concepts, Inc 100
Benwick, Brain S. - Demetree.Long,
Bulter Insurance, Inc 177
Berman Bros., Inc 114
Bessie Hoilman Drywall Inc 122
BFI Waste Services 216
Bistro Aix 62
Blosam Constructors, Inc 200
Borland-Groover Clinic, P.A 14
Brandon Pest Control 164
Bryant’s Bloomers, Inc 158
Butensky& Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 82
c
Cakes By Bertha Brown 58
Calligraphy by Joy 49
Cameo Kitchens 114
Camp Shalom of Central Florida.... 164
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 169
Cathy’s Creations 46
Claude Nolan Cadillac 128
Clean World, Inc 180
CNB National Bank 154
Comfort Inn Ocean Front 59
Commercial Coatings, Inc 174
Complete Care Family Practice, PA
David I. Wartenberg M.D 208
CPT -
Center For Physical Therapy 112
Crazy Dave’s Music 166
Custom Printing Company 36
D
Dana’s Limousine &
Transportation Sen/ice 63
DariFair 160
Dave & Buster’s 54
DeLand Entertainment 42
Dermatology Center -
N. Fred Eaglstein D.O..P.A 164
Duck..Duck..Goose -
A children’s boutique 43
E
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc 4
Embassy Suites Hotel 120
Epping Forest Yacht Club 34
Epstein, Stacy Wolf-
Watson Realty 162
Equity One 134
Evolution - The Salon Sources Inc.... 47
EVPS, Inc. - Edward Fernandez .... 166
F
Far East Brokers & Consultants Inc. 110
Farmers Market 22
Ferber Sheet Metal Works, Inc 168
Fickling Brothers 208
First Alliance Bank 162
First Coast Supply 16
Rrst Street Gallery 42
Fixel, Michael -
Builder & Designer 164
Fleet & Associates
Architects/ Planners, Inc 104
Floors by Design 200
Florida Wilbert, Inc 200
Flowers of Mandarin 148
Football Fanatics 150
Ford Style Lawn Care 110
Fox Jewelry & Loan Co 42
G
Gate Petroleum Company 180
Gay, W.W. -
Mechanical Contractor, Inc 138
Goldfield, Ira E.CLU.ChFC 68
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc 108
Grann, Ira ACSW, LCSW 208
Gustafson Farm 24
H
Hair Cuttery Creative Hairdressers...162
Hall’s - Ace Hardware
& Nurseries 180
Ham, Bob Eyewear 216
Hamm, Jerry Chevrolet, Inc 216
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes
and Cemeteries 66
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA 173
Heritage House -
The Boy’s Suit Source 158
Hewell, George H. and Son
Funeral Homes 67
Hilton Jacksonville Riverfront 124
Homewood Suites Hilton 140
Hygeme House Movers, Inc 173
I
IMC -International
Mortgage Consultants 38
Impressions 43
J
J& R Productions 52
Jacksonville Princess 124
Jaffe Oriental Rug Gallery, Inc 166
Jaffe, Barbara G. - The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities Back Cover
Jay’s Professional Dry Cleaners
& Laundry 42
Jewish National Fund 152
Judy’s Cakes, Inc 60
K
Kan-Ki of Deerwood Japanese
Steakhouse & Sushi Bar 154
Kaplan, Sheldon J. Ph.D
& Associates 104
Kirby Rental 46
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts 104
Kuhn Flowers 52
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
209
===== PAGE 230 =====
Directory of Advertisers
L
La Tienda Jewelry 60
Lakewood Animal Clinic 108
Larry’s Giant Subs 170
L’DorV’Dor 55
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 166
Liberty Furniture 132
Lift Power Inc 100
Lodinger, Mark & Associates 142
Lord’s of Jacksonville 56
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 42
M
M & H Promotions 46
Maiman, Leonardo J. -
Akerman Senterfitt PA 148
Mandarin Paint & Decorating 30
Mandarin Pet Grooming 177
Mardant Electrical
Construction Co., Inc 176
Margol, Drew - Equity One 134
Margo’s Catering 44
Maron’s 200
Masterpiece Entertainment 57
Mattox, Tommy - Private Investor.... 108
Mediterrania Restaurant 108
Meisel, Janice - Business & Pleasure
Travel, Inc 47
Mibab, Charles Z. - IMC International
Mortgage Consultants 38
Mi’Jon Salon & Day Spa 51
Morris & Morris PA.,CPA 114
Mount Carmel Gardens 178
Mr. Frame It 53
Mugwump Productions 46
N
North Florida Lincoln-Mercury 171
North Florida Plumbing 10
0
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 61
P
Party City-The Discount
Party Super Store 130
Partyland 49
Patten Bus Services, Inc 100
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa 208
Piner’s Lock & Safe 180
PIP Printing 200
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
PortionPac, Inc 177
PRI Productions 48
Process Master 100
Publix Supermarkets 114
Q
Quality Kosher Emporium 166
R
R&S of Jacksonville, Inc. -
Picture Framing 46
Ramada Inn Mandarin 160
Ramfis Photographic 40
Raymond D. Scott Interiors 158
Rittenberg, Harris L. D.M.D 100
Rogozinski
Orthopedic Clinic, PA 112
Rose Field Lane Tea Room 60
S
Safeguard Business Systems 173
Safer, Eliot J. -
Ford, Jeter, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney & Safer, P. A 156
Sal’s Marble & Granite 144
San Marco Art Co 56
San Marco Petites 42
Sandler, Graig W. D.V.M. -
Lakewood Animal Clinic 108
Scott Foster Trio 55
Seebol, Jerald I.-
SmithBarney Citigroup 106
Shorstein, Michael A. -
Shorstein & Kelly PA 175
Southern Monument Company, Inc.. 64
Spivak’s Mark Institute of Fine Arts
& Dance Extention 82
St. Johns Seafood & Steaks 158
Stein Mart 36
Sunshine Shop -
The Swimwear Specialist 216
T
III Lions Gifts and Antiques 63
3 Sisters Chocolate 166
Tannen, Millie K. D.D.S 104
TCS-
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc 150
The Fresh Market 200
The Ice Man ; 106
The Jacksonville Bank 173
The Kossak Companies -
Inside Front Cover
The Lodge & Club 34
The Loop Pizza Grill 62
The Renovators
of Jacksonville, Inc 114
The UPS Store 208
The Vein Clinic 28
Thompson, E.H. Company 172
Travel Connections Unlimited 60
u
U.S. Foodservice 166
United Lighting Company, Inc 162
Universal Specialty
Advertising, Inc 208
V
Vandroff Insurance Agency 6
Viking Office Products 100
Village Inn Family Restaurant 102
Vito’s Italian Restaurant 160
W
Wachovia Bank, NA -
Inside Back Cover
Waitz&Moye, Inc 200
Wasserman, Marcia- Invitations 41
Weinstein, Linda Diamond -
William H. Shank & Associates 8
Winn Dixie 164
Wohl, Daniel L. M.D..P.A 56
Wolfson, Bud L. MD,PA - The Family
Physician in Southpoint 82
Y
Y? Entertainment 53
Yegelwel, Evan J. -
Brown,Terrell, Hogan, Ellis,
McClamma &Yegelwel, PA 108
Z
Zimmerman, Brad - The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities Back Cover
Zimmerman, Sandy - The Jaffe Group of
Wachovia Securities Back Cover
210
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 231 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Accounting Services
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA 173
Morris & Morris PA, CPA 114
Acoustical Contractors
Fickling Brothers 208
Advertising - Print
& Web Design
San Marco Art Co 56
Air Conditioning - Heating
Commerical
TCS Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.... 150
Apparel - Children
Duck..Duck..Goose-
a children’s boutique 43
Heritage House -
The Boy’s Suit Source 158
Stein Mart 36
Apparel - Men
Stein Mart 36
Apparel - Women
Bryant’s Bloomers, Inc 158
San Marco Petites 42
Stein Mart 36
Sunshine Shop-
The Swimwear Specialist 216
Appliance - Sales - Service
First Coast Supply 16
Architects-Planners
Fleet & Associates
Architects/Planners, Inc 104
Robert S. Fleet, AIA
Janis K. Fleet, AICP
Art Galleries-Dealers -
Consultants
Art & Soul of Ponte Vedra 152
First Street Gallery 42
Art-Custom Frames
First Street Gallery 42
Mr. Frame It 53
R & S of Jacksonville, Inc 46
Attorneys - Firms
Akerman-Senterfit 148
Leonardo J. Maiman
Brown,Terrall, Hogan, Ellis,
McClamma & Yegelwel P.A 108
EvanJ. Yegelwel
Ford, Jeter, Bowlus, Duss, Morgan,
Kenney, Safer P.A 156
Eliot J. Safer
Shorstein & Kelly P.A 175
Michael A. Shorstein
Brian T. Kelly
Awards and Plaques
Award Emporium Plus 114
Automobile Dealers
Acura Of Orange Park 2
Claude Nolan Cadillac 128
Jerry Hamm Chevrolet, Inc 216
North Florida Lincoln-Mercury 171
Bakeries - Baked Goods
Atlanta Bread Company 208
Cakes By Bertha Brown 58
Judy’s Cakes, Inc 60
Balloons- Novelty & Decorative
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Cathy’s Creations 46
Party City-The Discount
Party Super Store 130
Partyland 49
Bands
L’DorV’Dor 55
Masterpiece Entertainment 57
Scott Foster Trio 55
Banks
CNB National Bank 154
First Alliance Bank 162
The Jacksonville Bank 173
Wachovia Bank Inside Back Cover
Bathroom Restoration
Ashford Services 30
Beauty Salons - Supply
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
Evolution - The Salon Sources Inc 47
Hair Cutlery Creative Hairdressers... 162
Mi’Jon Salon & Day Spa 51
Beverage Catering
Oliv’r Twist Mobile Mixology 61
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Conductors Inc 200
Mardant Electrical
Construction Co., Inc 176
Michael Fixel -
Builder & Designer 164
The Renovators
of Jacksonville, Inc 114
W.W.Gay
Mechanical Contractor Inc 138
Bridal Lingerie
Bryant’s Bloomers, Inc 158
Bridal Registry
Lords of Jacksonville 56
Burial Vaults
Florida Wilbert, Inc 200
Buses-Charter & Rental
Dana’s Limousine &
Transportation Service 63
Business Consultants
Assessment Technologies Group ... 146
Calligraphers
Calligraphy by Joy 49
Impressions 43
Camps
Camp Shalom of Central Florida.... 164
Candy-Confectionery
3 Sisters Chocolate 166
Carpet - Rugs & Service
Floors By Design 200
Jaffe Oriental Rug Gallery, Inc 166
Mandarin Paint & Decorating 30
Process Master 100
Catering
“A Day to Remember" Weddings 63
Amira’s Kosher Market 106
Atlanta Bread Company 208
Margo’s Catering 44
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
211
===== PAGE 232 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Cleaners
Jay’s Professional Dry Cleaners
& Laundry 42
Coffee & Tea Shops
Rose Field Lane Tea Room 60
Communications
AMC Global Communications 167
Computer - Parts - Service -
Software & Service
BDT Concepts, Inc 100
Safegaurd Business Systems 173
Cosmetics-Retail
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 42
Counseling
Ira Grann ACSW LCSW 208
Sheldon J. Kaplan Ph.D.
& Associates 104
Cruise Yacht - Dinner
Jacksonville Princess 124
Dairies
Gustafson Farm 24
Dancing Instruction
Mark Spivak’s Institute of Fine Arts
Dance Extension 82
Dentist
Harris L.RittenbergD.M.D 100
Millie K. Tannen D.D.S 104
Doughnuts - Kosher
Krispy Kreme Doughnut 104
Drywall
Bessie Hoilman Drywall, Inc 122
Fickling Brothers 208
Engineering -
Planning & Surveyors
Waitz & Moye, Inc 200
Entertainment
A Unique Entertainment, Inc 51
Dave & Busters 54
DeLand Entertainment 42
J&R Productions 52
L’DorV’Dor 55
Masterpiece Entertainment 57
Scott Foster Trio 55
The Comedy Zone 160
Y? Entertainment 53
Estate Planning &
Management
The Kossak Companies
Inside Front Cover
David A. Kossak, C.E.P.
Event Planning
“A Day to Remember* Weddings 63
Balloon Decorating Specialists 41
Cathy’s Creations 46
Dave & Busters 54
Mugwump Productions 46
Partyland 49
PRI Productions 48
European Market
The Fresh Market 200
Financial Planning
Consultants
Butensky& Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 82
Jan D. Butensky
Allen A. Cohen
Ira E. Goldfield, CLUChFC 68
The Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities
Back Cover
Barbara G. Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
The Kossak Companies
Inside Front Cover
David A. Kossak, C.E.P.
Financial Services Provider
Wachovia Bank, NA
Inside Back Cover
Fine Jewelry
Fox Jewelry & Loan Co
.42
La Tienda Jewelry
60
Lord’s of Jacksonville
.56
Florists
“A Day to Remember” Weddings
. 63
Flowers of Mandarin
148
Kuhn Flowers
.. 52
Floor Maintance
Ashford Services
30
Floor & Wall Installation
Sal’s Marble & Granite
144
Food Service & Equipment
AgriProcessors South 176
DariFair 160
E. H. Thompson Company 172
PortionPac Inc 177
U.S. Foodservice 166
Funeral Directors
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes &
Cemeteries 66
George H. Hewell & Son
Funeral Homes 67
Furniture
Liberty Furniture 132
Maron’s 200
Gifts - Antiques - Specialty
Art & Soul of Ponte Vedra 152
III Lions Gifts & Antiques 63
3 Sisters Chocolate 166
First Street Gallery 42
Football Fanatics 150
Lord’s of Jacksonville 56
212
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 233 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Glass - Automobile - Plate
Residential & Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 166
Golf Courses
Pontevedra Inn & Club 34
Graphic Designers
San Marco Art Co 56
Groceries
Publix Supermarkets 144
The Fresh Market 200
Winn Dixie Supermarket 164
Hardware
Hall’s - Ace Hardware
& Nurseries 180
House & Building Movers
Leveling & Raising
Hygeme House Movers, Inc 173
Hotels
Adam’s Mark Jacksonville 56
Comfort Inn Ocean Front 59
Embassy Suites Hotel 120
Hilton Jacksonville Riverfront 124
Homewood Suites Hilton 140
Ramada Inn Mandarin 160
Human Resources
Assessment Technologies Group ... 146
Ice & Ice Machines
The Ice Man 106
Importing - General
Far East Brokers
& Consultants Inc 110
Insurance
Allstate Insurance Company 136
Michael Abramson
Insurance, cont.
Demetree, Long, Bulter
Insurance, Inc 177
Brian S. Benwick
Ira E.Goldfield CLU, ChFC 68
Mark Lodinger & Associates 142
Vandroff Insurance Agency 6
William H. Shank & Associates 8
Linda Diamond Weinstein
Interior Designers
Raymond D. Scott Interiors 158
Investments
Butensky& Cohen
Financial Security, Inc 82
Jan D. Butensky
Allan A. Cohen
Digger Capital
Management, Inc 179
Scott Balotin
SmithBarney Citigroup 106
Jerald I. Seebol
The Jaffe Group of Wachovica
Securities Back Cover
Barbara G. Jaffe
Brad Zimmerman
Sandy Zimmerman
Invitations
“A Day to Remember" Weddings 63
Impressions 43
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store 130
Partyland 49
Marcia Wasserman 41
Janitorial Supplies
Clean World, Inc 180
Kitchen Cabinets
Cameo Kitchens 114
Kitchen Remodeling
Sal’s Marble & Granite 144
Kosher Products
AgriProcessors South 176
Amira’s Kosher Market 106
Quality Kosher Emporium 166
Landscaping - Lawn
Maintenance
Ford Style Lawn Care 110
Lighting Fixtures
United Lighting Company, Inc 162
Lighting Protection -
Equipment
United Lighting Company, Inc 162
Limousine Service
Dana’s Limousine &
Transportation Service 63
Locks - Locksmith
A Lock & Secruity, Inc 180
Piner’s Lock & Safe 180
Marble - Natural & Granite
Sal’s Marble & Granite 144
Meat - Kosher Delivery
Amira’s Kosher Market 106
Quality Kosher Emporium 166
Medical Centers
Borland-GrooverClinic, P.A 14
Center For Physical Therapy 112
Complete Care
Family Practice, P.A 208
Dermatology Center 164
Daniel L. Wohl, M.D., P.A 156
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic P.A 112
The Family Physician in Southpoint.. 82
The Vein Clinic 28
Message - Hair- Skin - Nails
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
213
===== PAGE 234 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 166
R&Sof Jacksonville 46
Monuments
Southern Monument Co., Inc 64
Mortgage Broker
IMC International Mortgage
Consultants 38
Charles Z. Mibab
Michael A. Miller
Musical Instruments -
Dealers
Crazy Dave’s Music 166
Nails-Salon-Services
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
National Organizations
Jewish National Fund 152
Notary
The UPS Store 208
Nurseries-Plants
Hall’s - Ace Hardware & Nurseries 180
Office Supplies
Viking Office Products 100
Opticians
Acuvision Fine Eyewear Gallery 108
Bob Ham Eyewear 216
Paint - Painting Contractors
Commercial Coating, Inc 174
Mandarin Paint & Decorating 30
Packing - Shipping
The UPS Store 208
Party Supplies
Party City - The Discount
Party Super Store 130
Partyland 49
Passport Photo’s
The UPS Store 208
Pawnbrokers
Fox Jewelry & Loan Co 42
Perfume-Retail
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 42
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 164
Pet Grooming
Mandarin Pet Grooming 177
Petroleum - Retail &
Wholesale
Gate Petroleum Company 180
Pharmacy
Atkinson’s Beauclerc Pharmancy... 180
Photography
B J Brown Photographic Artist 50
J & R Productions 52
Ramfis Photographic 40
Physicians-
Psychologist - Counselors
Mark L. Abramson M.D.
Urology & Infertility 200
Borland - Groover Clinic, P.A 14
JackR. Groover, M.D.
Robert S. Kanner, M.D.
Victor R.Widner, M.D.
Lawrence S. Goldberg, M.D.
W. Alan Harmon, M.D.
Murry L. Langfitt, M.D.
Bradford W. Joseph, M.D.
Todd L. Sack, M.D.
Jeffreys. Hoffman, M.D.
Dinesh Madhok, M.D.
Dale E. Merrell, M.D.
Richards. Sprague, M.D.
Physicians, contin.
Psychologist - Counselors
Borland - Groover Clinic, contin 14
Stephen E. Kuehn, M.D.
Antony G. Maniatis, M.D.
Kyle P. Etzkorn, M.D.
M. Akin Cabi, M.D.
Michele A. Carter, M.D.
Bharat K. Misra, M.D.
MarkR. Fleisher, M.D.
Nydia I. Sanchez, M.D.
A. Roychowdhury, M.D.
John M. Petersen, D.O.
William F. Drewry, M.D.
Complete Care
Family Practice, P.A 208
David I. Wartenberg, M.D.
Cathy Schan-Wartenberg, P.A. C
Daniel L.Wohl, M.D 156
Dermatology Center 164
N. Fred Eaglstein, D.O..P. A.
William Garvin, M.D.
Dale R. Charneco, M.D.
Ira Grann, ACSW, LCSW 208
Sheldon L.Kaplan, Ph.D.
& Associates 104
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A. ..112
Center for Physical Therapy 112
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
The Family Physician in Southpoint... 82
BudLWolfson, M.D..P.A.
The Vein Clinic 28
Norman S. Cohen, M.D.
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 114
Plumbing
North Florida Plumbing 10
Postal Branch
Atkinsons Beauclerc Pharmancy.... 180
The UPS Store 208
214
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 235 =====
Advertiser’s Classified
Press Releases
San Marco Art Co 56
Printers
All Purpose Printing 165
Custom Printing Company 36
PIP Printing 200
Private Clubs
Epping Forest Yacht Club 34
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club 34
The Lodge & Inn 34
Private Investor
Tommy Mattox 108
Private Mailboxes
The UPS Store 208
Produce
East Coast Fruit Co., Inc 4
Farmers Market 22
The Fresh Market 200
Promotional Products
Award Emporium Plus 114
M & H Promotions 46
Universal Specialty Advertising 208
Real Estate
Watson Realty 62
Stacy Wolf Epstein
Goldstein Commercial
Properties, Inc 108
Realty & Management
EquityOne 134
Drew Margol
Rental Services
“A Day To Remember” Weddings 63
Kirby Rental Service 46
Restaurants-Cafe’s
Arby’s Restaurant 180
Athens Cafe 42
Restaurants - Cafe’s, contin.
Atlanta Bread Company
... 208
Bistro AIX
62
Dave & Buster’s
54
GiGi’s Restaurant
... 160
Kan-Ki of Deerwood Japanese
Steakhouse & Sushi Bar
... 154
Larry’s Gaint Subs
... 170
Mediterrania Restaurant
... 108
The Loop Pizza Grill
62
Village Inn Family Restaurant
... 102
Vito’s Italian Restaurant
... 160
Restaurant
Equipment & Supplies
E.H. Thompson Co 172
Retirement Living
Augustine Landing 26
Carriage Club of Jacksonville 169
Mount Carmel Gardens 178
Roofing & Sheet Metal
Ferber Sheet Metal Works, Inc 168
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealer
Berman Bros. Inc 114
Sealcoating & Striping
ABC Sealcoating & Striping 82
Security Control Equipment -
Systems-Monitoring
Access Limited 208
Atlantic Security 126
Sewer & Drain Cleaning
North Florida Plumbing 10
Skin Spa-Services
Capelli Salon & Spa 38
Luxe Lounge Beauty Emporium 42
Sports Apparel-
Speciality Gifts
Football Fanatics 150
Swimming Pool
Equipment & Supplies
Pinch-A-Penny Pool-Patio-Spa 208
Tea Rooms
Rose Field Lane Tea Room 60
Travel
Business & Pleasure Travel Inc 47
Janice Meisel
Travel Connections Unlimited 60
Bea Diamond
Betty Rohan
Trophies
Award Emporium Plus 114
Truck-Industrial
Lift Power Inc 100
Tub & Shower Enclosures
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 166
Vein Treatment
The Vein Clinic 28
Norman S. Cohen M.D.
Video Production Services
EVPS, Inc 166
J&R Productions 52
Veterianarians
Lakewood Animal Clinic 108
Craig W. Sandler, D.V.M.
Waste Systems
BFI Waste Services 216
Water Filters & Purifiers
Afforable Water 176
Wedding Cakes
Cakes by Bertha Brown
Judy’s Cakes, Inc
Wedding Dresses
“A Day To Remember” Weddings 63
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
215
SR 8
===== PAGE 236 =====
we Treat You
PEOPLE- PRODUCT- PRICE- PERFORMANCE
JfEKRY,
|ÉÉÉÉÉMÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ
"The Chevy Place"
2800 PHILIPS HIGHWAY■ 398 3036
Waste collection you can
depend on!
It's what makes BFI the waste collection
choice of Jacksonville.
Commercial/lndustrial
Construction
Debris
Stationary
Compactors
Basys&Mm
► Modern radio dispatched trucks • Responsive, reliable service
• All steel 2 to 40 yard containers • Bio-medical waste
transportation & disposal • Complete office & commercial
Recycling systems
Waste
Services
7580 Phillips Highway
731-3440 - Service
731-0177 - Sales
Lynne & Alan Green
Owners
sunshopl @aol.com
www.sunshineshop.com
7¿e Swúhuwvi SfrecíeUídt
Sunshine
645 A1A - Beach Blvd. • St. Augustine Beach, FL 32080 • 904 - 471- 6899
St. Augustine’s One Stop Beach Shop - Everything for the Beach for Everyone in the Family
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
“Thanks for your Patronage”
Mandarin Landing
(between Eckerd & Publix)
10612-12 San Jose Blvd.
268-5949
216
Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 237 =====
Uncommon Wisdom
II Visitwachovia.com
Visit a financial center
©2003 Wachovia Corporation; Wachovia Baok, N.A. Member FfliC. 033142
You discover something new everv time
Wisdom is everywhere. Uncommon wisdom is knowing how to apply it. As the nation s
fifth largest financial services company, our focus is on listening carefully to every
customer and bringing the right resources to bear. Talk to us. When we take all that you
know and add all that we’ve learned, together we can achieve uncommon things.
===== PAGE 238 =====
OUR FAMILY FOCUS
IS OUR GREATEST STRENGTH
The Jaffe Group (from left to right): Brad Zimmerman, Barbara Jaffe,
Sandy Zimmerman, Diane Pauly and Bruce Warschoff
For more than two decades, the Jaffe Group has helped some of Jacksonville's most
successful individuals and families focus on what really matters in their lives.
Whether it's jour children's or grandchildren's education, hittingjour target date
for retirement, or fulfilling a desire to pass on whatjou've built, the Jaffe Group
of Wachovia Securities offers person?) service, perspective and insight — no matter
what the markets are doing.
The Jaffe Group of Wachovia Securities
701 San Marco Boulevard, 19th Floor
Jacksonville, FL 32207
904-313-6846
800-342-0689
Uncommon Wisdom
?<
ly.'?
