Soon Blanche and Louie began a family. First there
was Rene, then Marvin and finally baby Chuck. One
would think that raising three children and caring for a
husband and household wonld be all a woman con Id
handle. Not so for a powerhouse like Blanche. Before
the children were born, Blanche had volunteered in the
Center office where her sister Miriam worked. But as
the children grew, so did Blanche’s involvement.
First, Blanche instituted a Brownie Troop at l he
Jacksonville Jewish Center on Third and Silver Streets.
When congregants began to move to
Riverside and Southside, she
organized troops in both areas.
When Rene moved up to Girl Scouts,
so did Blanche. Not only did she form a troop at the
Center, but Blanche joined the board of the Gateway
Girl Scout Council. Not one to play favorites, Blanche
went on to work with the Center’s Cub Scout and Boy
Scout groups. Her commitment to scouting would last
more than fifteen years.
By the1960s, other youth groups began and grew — Tweenages , Major’s
Preteens and Center Youth League — forerunners of our Chalutzim, Kadima
and USY. At the request of Rabbi Sanders Tofield, Blanche accepted the
position of Youth Vice President and became the first woman to sit on the
Center Board of Directors. She oversaw the workings of all the youth
activities including clubs, scout troops and the day camp program. Youth
and recreation became so large that the Center hired a fulltime Director,
Robert Fischer. Blanche became his mentor and friend — and the Day Camp
Director.
m
KSOt
JACKSONVILLE
JEWISH CENTER
For the next 12 years, “Aunt ?f
Blanche” was the Director of the only
Jewish, summer day camp program in
town, Camp Yom Tov. There is hardly a
baby-boomer who doesn’t hold special
memories of her and the great times at
“The White House” on our Mandarin
campus. Under her tutelage, many
counselors and C.I.Ts developed
the skills to become today’s
synagogue leaders. She set high
standards in all aspects of camp
programming and management
for subsequent directors to
follow. Judaica projects and
Friday Shabbat celebrations
intertwined with swimming,
sports, field trips and, of course,
arts and crafts became a formula for the complete Jewish summer
camp experience.
CENTER I
day
camp
1968
In 1978, the Jacksonville Jewish Center temporarily appointed Blanche
Slott to be the Administrative Director. She remained in that position for
over ten years. During that time, Blanche directed the day-to-day workings
