45
Committees and Organizations
Center Men’s Club
“Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Men’s Club is an organization dedicated to the
enrichment of Center life and the Jacksonville Jewish Community.
The Men’s Club provides an opportunity for the men of our synagogue to work
together supporting, sponsoring, and participating in programs that bring
meaning to our slogan, “Involving Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC),
an international organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and traditions of
Conservative Judaism. FJMC programs we participate in include the distribution of
hundreds of Yellow Holocaust Memorial candles so every congregant can remember
the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah. We offer educational programs for our membership
based on the FJMC “Hearing Men’s Voices” series on issues involving family, religion,
career and health for the Jewish man in today’s world.
We work closely with youth and education leaders to support the Center youth
organizations by helping out with conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of
Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize and reward our youth for
reading Torah. The Men’s Club’s Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is given each
Spring to one teacher in the Center Schools who best represents the life commitment
necessary to bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children. We are pleased to
present hand-painted Israeli Kiddush cup sets to Confirmation students and a metal
finished Kiddush cup to our Bar and Bat Mitzvahs.
Most importantly, the Men’s Club has established the Horty T. Gendzier Summer
Scholarship Fund, which provides funding for children to attend Camp Ramah or
other Jewish enrichment programs and honors the memory of Horty T. Gendzier, who
was so instrumental in the pioneering of these programs. For the last seven years, the
Horty Fund has made it possible for many children to attend these summer programs
that they would otherwise not be able to afford to. Along with a portion of Men’s Club
dues, the Horty Fund is replenished each year by honoring a Man of the Year with a
“roast and toast” banquet. This annual event has become a fixture
on the calendar at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, with hundreds of congregants
attending these laugh-fests that are full of surprises.
We are visible friends of our synagogue, with programs like selling and building
sukkot for our Center families and helping to decorate and maintain the Center’s
Goldman Sukkah. You can find Men’s Club members at the Lag B’Omer picnic every
year, grilling and serving refreshments, and you will find us ushering at morning
services every Shabbat and holiday. Men’s Club members sponsor, lead and
participate in Men’s Club Shabbat.
These events have earned your Men’s Club the First Place and Honorable Mention
Torch Awards from the Federation of Jewish Men’s Clubs in years past and we are
actively pursuing new Torch Awards for community service and other activities.
The Men’s Club is also a great way for friends to have fun. We have gone on deep sea
fishing trips and had family outings to sporting events, such as the Jacksonville Suns
baseball and Barracudas ice hockey games. In the fall, we “kick off” our new year
with our annual membership party, featuring lunch and raffles, while we watch the
Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on the BIG screen TV. Also, our recent pick-
up softball games have been a huge success, and we will keep on playing.
All this and more is awaiting you if you are at least 18 years old, male,
and a member of the Jacksonville Jewish community.
Join now, we need your help and appreciate your support!
— Dave Schmerer
Proud Presidents , (l) Dave
Schmerer and (r) Mike Herring
2006-2007
Men’s Club Officers
President
David Schmerer
VP-Programming
Dan Wohl
Secretary
Ira Grann
Treasurer
Neil Gordon
Board Members
Moti Demri
Brad Herbst
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Lenny Magid
Harry Peltz
Don Romo
Jim Richman
Randall Smith
Past Presidents
Ira Grann
Mike Herring
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Neil Sandler
Dave Schmerer
Randall Smith
