53
Special Events
7th Annual JJC Golf Classic
Major Fundraising Success for Education
The 7th Annual Golf Classic, played last December at the Ponte Vedra
Ocean Course, was not only a great financial success, but a GREAT
TIME was had by all who participated. Camaraderie was high and the
competition was keen. Congratulations to all.
FOUNDING-TITLE SPONSORS
JácÉ^nville
35T Bank
and The Gottlieb Family
The credit for this outstanding program goes to Rick Plotkin,
tournament chair, Sandy Zimmerman, advisor, Lori Schoettler,
Center administrative liaison, and the committee. Additional
thanks goes to a great crew of tournament-day volunteers:
Allison Bailys, Helen DuBow, Debby Fialkow, Jeanine
Rogozinski and Nancy Zimmerman.
EVENT SPONSOR
WachoviaTrust
GOLFCART SPONSOR
Gray Robinson
Attorneys at Law
The beautiful, Waterford crystal, Horty T. Gendzier Cup was
presented to the tournament winners Oren Margol, Stuart Herman,
Jeff Thor son and Walter Bennett.
Horty T. Gendzier was a dedicated beacon for
Jewish education and champion of youth at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and the community. Once
again she was remembered and appreciated when
this year’s Waterford crystal award, the “HORTY,”
was presented to the tournament champions, the team
from the Jacksonville Jaguars. Proceeds of this
fundraising effort directly benefit scholarships for
Jewish education at the Center.
Since 1999, the Jacksonville Jewish Center Golf Classic has raised
thousands of dollars in scholarship money for Samuel Si Esther Galinsky
Educational Programs at the Center. All proceeds of the 7th annual JJC Golf
Classic will directly benefit those seeking financial assistance regardless of
synagogue affiliation. We are proud that more than 80% of the initial
sponsors support the tournament each year, with large numbers of new
sponsors being added to the honor roll each year.
HOLE-IN-ONE SPONSORS
Burger King
Matheny Jaguars
Vandroff Insurance
CORPORATE SPONSORS
DuBow Family Foundation
Far East Brokers and
Consultants, Inc.
The Jacksonville Jaguars
Greene-Hazel & Associates
L.R.S., Inc.
Merrill Lynch
The Poker Room at
St. Johns Greyhound Park
HOLE SPONSORS
Brandon Pest Control
The Emas Family
The Haskell Company
The Horovitz Family
The Parker Family
Promo Depot
The Roey Family
Shorstein & Kelly,
Attorneys at Law, PA
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Dan & Cathy Wilensky
