49
Special Events
5766 Simhat Torah Honorees
On Simhat Torah, we bring to a close the annual cycle of the reading of the Torah and begin anew.
Because of our perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to as Israel’s “bride”.
A custom has evolved of recognizing worthy men and women through a beautiful ceremony,
as each is called to the Torah on this special day.
Our Hatan Torah
Born in North Dakota and raised in Indiana, Randall (Smitty) Smith has that Midwestern
sensibility, “Say little — do much.” A Past President of Center Men’s Club, he pioneered the Yad Shel
Chai program that encourages teens of our synagogue to continue reading Torah after their Bar or Bat
Mitzvah. His delight at helping youngsters continue this important mitzvah is evident
when he presents their awards.
An experienced leader of men, Smitty proudly served in the United States Air Force for twenty years.
When he retired with the rank of Major, Smitty settled in Jacksonville and soon became an officer in the
Center Men’s Club. He now serves as Vice President of Florida Region of the Federation of Jewish Men’s
Clubs and was Operations Coordinator for the FJMC International Convention.
Among his credentials, Smitty holds an engineering degree from Purdue, an MBA from Golden Gate
University, a BSBA in Management Information Systems from the University of West Florida and is
currently a Network Engineer at Honeywell.
A familiar face at synagogue events, Shabbat services and Shalosh Seudot, as well as
part of the Shabbat & Holiday usher team, we are pleased to call Randall Smith our Hatan Torah.
Our Hatan Bereshit
Sandy Zimmerman is a rising star in the Center’s galaxy of lay leaders.
Bright, enthusiastic and charming, Sandy is the newly elected President of our synagogue. Born and
raised in Jacksonville, Sandy attended our Day School, became Bar Mitzvah on our pulpit and developed
lifelong friendships among the youth of our synagogue. He is also a natural-born leader, something he
gets from his parents, who are honored community leaders themselves. A driving force in his family’s
Wachovia Securities firm, Sandy brings the same personal service, perspective and insight to the
Jacksonville Jewish Center as he does to his business. Moreover, Sandy demonstrates the importance of
investing one’s time to ensure the spiritual growth of our synagogue.
A graduate of the University of Florida with a degree in Finance, Sandy was recognized in 2003 by the
Jacksonville Business Journal as one of “Jacksonville’s 40 young Up & Comers.” Ranked among the top
10% of advisors nationally, he is First Vice President- Investment Officer of Wachovia Securities.
Sandy generously applies his financial know-how to the betterment of the Jewish community at large.
A member of the Center Board since 2000, Sandy has served as past patron chair for the
Center Raffle for Education, twice chair of the JJC Golf Classic, chair of the
Center’s Investment Committee, Vice President of Finance and now President.
With all this, Sandy is even more devoted to his wife Lynn and daughters, Brooke and Leah.
Our Woman of Valor
Edith Horovitz practices what she preaches, and teaches her students to do the same.
Her Mitzvah Program has given hundreds of students early, hands-on experience with tikkun olam
in the Jewish and general communities, both locally and statewide.
Edith inherited the wealth that only a dynasty of “doer’s” can bestow — commitment, moral judgment,
strength of purpose and strong devotion to Judaism and the synagogue. She and her husband, Bruce,
received the distinguished Shin Award from the Jewish Theological Seminary for their commitment to
Judaism, community, synagogue and the Seminary. For 24 years, Edith has been a dedicated Judaica
teacher at the Center’s Preschool and the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School that her parents were
instrumental in creating. As Middle School Vice Principal, Edith’s energy, enthusiasm and creativity
are revealed in the Mitzvah Program and other programs like the annual Day School “ALL Hebrew”
musical extravaganza. In addition, Edith has worked to prepare students for Bar and Bat Mitzvah,
and conducts Jr. Congregation and Holiday Youth Services.
Edith graduated with a degree in Psychology from the University of Pennsylvania, where she joined
Hillel. She has been a counselor to USY-on-Wheels, on the staff at Camp Ramah, and active on Center
committees serving our youth. Married for 26 years to her childhood sweetheart, Edith and Bruce have
raised two wonderful sons, Sam and Max, young leaders in their own right.
Randall Smith
Hatan Torah
Sandy Zimmerman
Hatan Bereshit
Edith Horovitz
Woman of Valor
