35
President’s Message
I am very excited about the future of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Having grown up as a “Center Kid,” I have wonderful memories of spending
time on the playground, swimming in the Yegelwel Family Pool, and at times, causing
mischief in the halls of the Center. Today it is my children, Brooke and Leah, who
are enjoying the great benefits of our playgrounds, pool, and facility, hopefully
without the mischief.
Over the past quarter century we have grown, not only in size but in Jewish
enrichment as well. Today our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School offers every Jewish
child in Jacksonville an opportunity to have the best Jewish education available.
The Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School offers children, three times each
week, an opportunity to have the same type of Jewish enrichment and education
available in our Day School. Our Preschool offers a warm and loving environment in
which young children can grow both Judaically and individually.
While we have many accomplishments to be proud of, it would be a mistake to
stop and rest on our laurels. We must continue forward. Our Board of Directors,
rabbinic staff and professional staff have outlined several areas that need and
deserve our attention. Over the next two years, I look forward to working with the
entire synagogue membership to make the Center the best it can be.
We have already begun work in three critical areas. First, we are committed to
enhancing and expanding the size and role of our membership committee. While we
have done well, we can do better. We need to give our membership committee the
tools and resources to expand and reach further into the Jewish community in
Jacksonville. While at the same time, we must ensure that we are offering relevant
programming and enrichment that our current membership wants and needs. We
need to take a holistic approach to marketing, using all the assets of the Center when
creating brochures or hosting programs.
Sandy Zimmerman
President
Lastly, we are committed to taking a fresh look at our board
governance policies. Our Officers of the Board, Board of Directors,
and Board of Trustees are all committed to helping the Center attain
greatness. It is our responsibility to ensure that these dedicated
people have the tools and ability to work in an efficient and effective
manner. Revisiting our board by-laws will allow us to make sure
that our current board structure is designed to meet our complex
needs as a synagogue.
With my wife, Lynn, and my daughters, Brooke and Leah, I
look forward to working together with our entire congregation during
the next two years as your Synagogue President.
The second area of focus is technology. This past year we purchased a
technology package from Apple Computers that will take our schools into a new era.
However, we have not invested enough in software to help manage the entire
synagogue. With investment in new membership-tracking software, we can keep our
entire congregation more informed and offer more programming specifically targeted
at different demographic groups. Once installed, we should have a data base that
allows us to contact groups such as parents with children between 13 and 18 years of
age, or parents with kids in college. With this critical upgrade, I
feel confident we will better serve our diverse congregation.
B’shalom,
Sandy Zimmerman
