Ritual Department
A Message from the Ritual Director
Torah is the foundation of the Jewish people. It records our earliest history, outlines
fundamental laws, models significant values and standards of behavior, reflects
basic truths about human nature, and opens us to relationship with, and wonder of,
the divine. Its language is the portal to Jewish study, worship, and identity.
Torah study has been vital to Jews for centuries precisely because it lends itself to
search and discovery by each new generation. The text is accessible on some
level to all individuals. Our liturgy calls Torah a “tree of life.” Trees sway to and
fro in the wind, but they are firmly rooted in the ground. Trees can shelter us from
rain, and satisfy our senses with sweet fruit, delightful fragrance, rusting leaves,
and ever-changing beauty. Similarly, a knowledge of Torah can root us firmly in
Jewish tradition and keep us from being blown about by the changing currents of
modern life. Torah study can satisfy our need for beauty and poetry, a sense of
identity, relevance, and meaning.
I would like to thank the many members of our congregation who have added their
voices to the process that is Torah. Through their dedication and devotion, we
have maintained a high level of participation in reading Torah. The commitment
and encouragement of our synagogue organizations and their leaders will ensure
that this quality standard will be continued for many generations to come.
Shanah Tovah,
Scott Zimmerman
Scott Zimmerman
I would like to thank
all of our teachers for
their continued support ,
and on behalf of
Suzanne , Casie , Aron
and myself wish you
a happy and healthy
new year.
Daily Minyan Captains
Only in the presence of a minyan , a quorum of ten men,
may the Torah be read or the Kaddish prayer be
recited. Our dedicated minyan captains ensure that
there is a minyan twice every single day of the year. It
is because of them that you can recite kaddish when
you mourn or observe yahrzeit.
We thank those who served as minyan captains during
the past year: Robert Handmaker, Jack Mizrahi,
Fred Kupperman, David Sclimerer, Russell Selevan,
Harry Shmunes, Jack Silverman, Wayne Southall,
Edward Taimen, Evan Yegelwel, David Zavon,
Sandy Zimmerman and Seeman Zimmerman.
Please become a “regular” for at least one minyan
a week. Call Marco Rand at 737-9761.
Shabbat/Holiday Ushers
Fred Blum & Tom Spriggs, Chairs
During the High Holidays and on Shabbat and Festivals,
ushers help to maintain synagogue decorum,
which preserves the beauty of the service for all of us.
We thank Men’s Club members who were our ushers this
year: Scott Allerding, Stuart Appelbanm, Scott
Balotin, Brian Benwick, Fred Blum, Stuart Cohen,
Mike Herring, Mark Kraemer, Jeff Morris, Joel
Morris, Carl Passen, Fred Pozin, Marc Raitt, Jim
Richman, Sandy Rosenberg, George Rubens,
Leonard Saraga, David Sclimerer, Barry Schuster,
Joseph Sliacter, Harry Shmunes, Randall Smith,
Steve Solomon, Tom Spriggs and Leon Yergin.
Religious Committee
Bruce Horovitz and Marco Rand, Chairmen
The Religious Committee is proud of its role in helping to maintain
the Center’s strong tradition as a standard bearer for the ritual
practices of Conservative Judaism. This past year saw the expansion of
the role of women on the bimah, with the P’sukei D’Zimra portion of
the morning service being led by women for the first time. In this
coming year we will witness exciting new developments in the
religious life of the Center.
Our congregation has applied for membership in the “Synaplex”
program, which will introduce alternative Shabbat programming that
will be consistent with our religious character as a Conservative
synagogue, while attracting new participants. Concurrently, our proud
traditions in the main sanctuary will be preserved and be accessible to
this increasing group of worshippers. The Religious Committee also
looks forward to some very important decisions that are upcoming .
With the leadership and guidance of our Senior Rabbi, Jonathan
Lubliner, we look forward to completing the egalitarian process that
will ultimately enable women to lead services and count in the
minyan. This will provide a unique opportunity for our congregation to
become educated about the Conservative movement’s interpretation of
relevant halakhic standards. We all look forward to learning with
Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi Weiner about the many ritual issues that
must be resolved.
Religious Committee members for 5766 were: Larry Appel, Jack
Bettman, Abe Bielski, Philip Bloom, Fred Blum, Robert Bossen,
Wendy Brezin, Moti Demri, Etta Fialkow, Jams Fleet, Sheldon
Gendzier, Phyllis Goldberg, Ira Grann, Michael Greenburg, Robert
Handmaker, Joseph Honigman, Wendy Honigman, Ben Klein, Fred
Kupperman, Mitchell Levine, Leonard Magid, Jack Mizrahi, Jeffery
Morris, Barbara Safer, Ehot Safer, David Schmerer, Joseph Shacter,
Mark Sliorstein, Karen Southall, Edward Taimen and Dan Wolil.
31
