110
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
2006-2007
PTA Officers
President
Debbie Banks
Past-President
Amy Goodman
Fundraising VPs
Anna Cohen
Betsy Mizrahi
Membership VP
Kim Israel
Programming VPs
Caren Appel
Morli Josza
Services VPs
Faye Mizrahi
Lisa Wolfson
Treasurer
Sara Gross
Secretary
Alyse Nathans
Preschool Liaison
Andrea Mail
Jo Ann Kagan
Academic Resources
Parent-Teacher Association
The Martin J. Gottlieb Parent Teacher Association is a volunteer organization committed to
the enhancement of educational programs for our children.
Traditionally, our programs and services include Red Ribbon Week (drug awareness),
Kaleidoscope Day (a day of the arts), Vision screening, Purim Carnival, Shabbat boxes,
Jewish Holiday observance, and the publication of our yearbook, “The Pride.” This year
we will offer more opportunities for family education with fresh and exciting programs like
“Family Mitzvah Missions,” Shabbat dinners, and a “Chai Hike,” to name just a few.
PTA fundraising efforts have been tremendously successful. This past year we provided
funds to purchase TV production equipment, Science Lab equipment, maps and globes for
every classroom, and materials and training that support teacher education. Funds have
also been allocated to our music and art programs.
This year we look forward to working with Carole Goldberg, incoming Principle of the Day
School and Shereen Canady, incoming Director of the Early Childhood Department, as well
as Lois Tompkins, returning Director of the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious. Linder their
leadership, our schools will continue to provide a stellar curriculum for our children.
I applaud the dedication of our talented parents and professional staff. I encourage and
welcome everyone to join in our efforts to create a nurturing community of knowledgeable
Jews and responsible citizens.
B’Shalom,
Debbie Banks
2006-07 Resource Teachers
Louise Leonard
Librarian
liana Manasse Mitchell Press
Jud aica Staff Physical Ed.
Coordinator
Jay Sandler
Music
