55
Special Events
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Endowment Campaign Shabbaton
February 24-26, 2006
Reflections of a momentous weekend
“Above and Beyond” perfectly describes the Endowment Campaign Shabbaton
which honored the entire congregation for contributions, large and small, that
will help keep us vibrant and growing well into the future. Event chairs Elyse
and Josh Whitman, together with Nancy and Seeman Zimmerman,
choreographed a weekend, that exceeded all expectations.
It began on Friday evening with a joyful Kabbalat Shabbat service that flowed
into a warm and festive Shabbat dinner attended by over 300 of our Center
family. Following the meal, our scholar-in-residence, Rabbi Emeritus David
Gaffney, spoke eloquently on Jewish perspectives of many issues surrounding
the security of the United States and Israel. At the oneg that followed,
everyone had an opportunity to reconnect with
Rabbi and Inge.
On Shabbat morning, Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
graciously extended Rabbi Gaffney the opportunity
to again address the congregation with an inspiring
D’var Torah. After a delicious Kiddush luncheon for
the entire congregation, Rabbi Lubliner and Rabbi
Gaffney met with members of USY for a Shabbat
afternoon discussion.
The highlight of the weekend was the Endowment Dedication and presentation
of the Zimmerman Family Endowment Wall and Updated Contributors
Wall, along with the naming of the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School. The heartwarming program included songs by the Student Choir,
moving speeches by our rabbis and a meaningful presentation by Center
president, Seeman Zimmerman. The lavish reception that followed was a
delight for the senses with an elegant ambiance, sumptuous desserts and
gentle, harp music, as a backdrop for convivial conversation.
On behalf of the entire congregation, the Officers and Board of Directors of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center express their sincere appreciation to Michael
DuBow, Above and Beyond Campaign chairman, who has been the driving
force behind this extraordinary financial plan since its inception.
Josh & Elyse Whitman,
event chairs, along with
Seeman & Nancy
Zimmerman, coordinated all
aspects of the weekend with
the help of committee
members, Peggy Organes,
Karen Morse, Penny
Powell, William Rose and
Lori Schoettler.
Blanche Slott arranged the
Archival Wall in the Yergin
Gallery.
Todd Morse produced the
video presentation for the
Dedication Ceremony.
Margo’s Catering prepared
wonderful meals and
receptions, and the Center
Staff provided valuable
assistance.
