25
A Message from Rabbi Lubliner
Entering Open Gates
Anyone who has ever thwarted the closing doors of an elevator or made a mad dash to catch a
train will understand the feeling of urgency that propels one forward with single-minded
determination. To miss the elevator in a crowded lobby may cause a person to be late to an
important meeting; to not board a particular train can alter the course of one’s life.
Coming at the end of Yom Kippur day, the unique liturgy and melodies of the Neilah service
lend a similar imperative to the task of soul reflection, which is the raison d'etre of the entire
High Holiday period. The Hebrew word Neilah means “closing” or “locking.” While it is a
matter of Talmudic debate whether the term refers to the shutting of the Temple gates at the end
of the Yom Kippur ritual, or the metaphorical closing of heaven’s gates at the conclusion of the
Day of Atonement, the net result is similar.
Our tradition understands that procrastination is hard-wired into the human psyche; often enough
we put off until tomorrow what we can avoid doing today. With its emphasis on closing gates and
the sealing of fates, the imagery oí Neilah intentionally seeks to quicken our spiritual adrenalin,
reminding us that the span of our years is finite. We may be ready to embark tomorrow on the
path of Teshuva , the road of change for the better . . . but will tomorrow be there for us?
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
In his story Vor dem Gesetz , “Before the Law”, Franz Kafka describes a man who stands outside a
guarded doorway leading to “The Law.” He desires to gain access, but the doorkeeper,
while never physically barring his way, tells him that the time is not yet ripe for entry. The poor
fellow spends a lifetime waiting for an invitation to enter that never comes. It is only in the last
moment of his life that it occurs to the man that he has never seen anyone else seek admission at
this door. The keeper informs him, “No other person could ever be admitted here, since this gate
was made only for you. I am now going to shut it.”
Neilah's message is precisely the opposite of Kafka’s bleak tale. In Judaism sincere expressions
of the heart and contrition are master keys that raise the tumblers of the lock on our souls; they
open a door to the Divine. As Rabbi Elazar once said, “Even when the gates of prayer appear
closed, the gates of tears are never shut, as Scripture teaches (Psalm 39:13), ‘Hear my prayer, 0
Lord; give ear to my cry, do not disregard my tears’” (Babylonian Talmud, Berakhot 32b).
Our mission is not to alter the core values, beliefs and practices that
define the proud identity of a synagogue that has historically eschewed a
path of Jewish institutional minimalism. Yet it is incumbent upon us to
open as many entry points as possible into synagogue life to those who
stand on the margins. Let us furnish all in need of a spiritual home with
the key to enter whatever door of Center life that is most meaningful to
them. May God grant us the skill of master locksmiths and bless the work
of our hands in the days to come.
The task we face as individuals and as a community in the coming year is best articulated by the
Neilah hymn, PetahLanu Sha'ar : “Open for us the gate even at the time of its closing.” There are
many who might avail themselves of the Jewish riches we offer were it not for the perception of a
locked door barring their way. The pursuit of egalitarian practice at the Center and the
implementation of “Synaplex,” a nationwide initiative that helps synagogues create alternative
modes of Shabbat programming for a much broader population, are but two of the ways in the year
ahead that we can encourage entry into the portals of our community.
Clearly, the arrival of a Second Rabbi will also enhance the Jacksonville
Jewish Center’s ability to offer a more eclectic spiritual menu consonant
with the values of Conservative Judaism. To that end I welcome Rabbi
David Weiner and his family, and look forward to working with him
closely.
Susan, Avichai, Elior and Itamar, join me in wishing each of you
a year of health, contentment and prosperity.
ínnrim uron nmu rmh
— Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
