of the synagogue; arranged Kiddushes, wedding receptions, Bar and Bat
Mitzvah celebrations and congregational events; acted as liaison to
volunteer groups; scheduled the use of the building; and even became a
minyan captain.
Known for her cooking — especially her mandlebreit, Blanche
became the in-house caterer. It was a natural extension of her deep
involvement with everyone’s simha. She had previously enjoyed working
with Center cook, Annie Mae Fort, at the Springfield synagogue. Back
then, Blanche brought her children to Shabbat services each week, so
she was asked to facilitate lunch for all the children in attendance. Later,
in her new capacity, Blanche applied her well-honed administrative
skills, culinary ability and artistic eye to help Annie Mae create delicious,
budget-wise meals for the congregation in Mandarin. She even instituted
a cocktail hour before Board meetings.
In 1983, Blanche was honored by the congregation as the “Woman
of Valor” at Simhat Torah. It is a distinction she richly deserved then,
as now.
As all things must come to an end, Blanche retired in 1988 — but in
Blanche-style. She became an even more active volunteer. She worked at
the Museum of Science and History for ten years. A past Sisterhood
President, Blanche became the Historian,
a position she still holds. As co-chair of
the Cemetery Committee, for many years,
Blanche made new maps of the sections
that were opened up. Then there was the
Archives Committee, Library Committee
and, oh yes, the Jewish Women’s Bowling
team. “Been there, done that” certainly
applies to Blanche Slott.
With it all, Blanche’s most fulfilling volunteer role has always been
as mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. Yet, of all her considerable
accomplishments, the one that has given Blanche the most personal pleasure
and public admiration has been the production of works of art in a variety
of media. She has been invited to exhibit her compositions in various
galleries around town, including the JCA and the Center’s Yergin Galley.
Many of her paintings hang in the homes of art collectors, friends and
family.
As early as 1939, and as recently as 1992, Blanche’s artwork
has graced the covers of the Center Yearbook, making this tribute
especially appropriate. Several of her drawings are displayed on
these pages. But her creative contributions to our congregation go
further. Over the years, Blanche has taught watercolor painting
to a men’s group, as well as art classes for children at Sunday
Funday and Day School “kaleidoscope” programs. Two of our Sefer
Torahs wear mantles designed by Blanche Slott.
For over sixty years, Blanche Slott has devoted herself to
our congregation as a loyal member, valued volunteer, respected
professional, mentor and friend. It is with great pleasure that the Officers
and Board of Directors of the Jacksonville Jewish Center dedicate this
Yearbook to her.
