57
Mark & Alexine Miller Endowment
Mitzvah Gorret Mitzvah
One Mitzvah Leads to Another
The names of Mark and Alexine Miller will live on for generations
to come, not only for their friends, but also for our congregation.
Because of the compassion of our members and professionals,
the Jacksonville Jewish Center has become the recipient of
a large bequest of $883,000 from the estate of Alexine Miller,
who passed away on August 20, 2005, at the age of 89.
Her husband, Mark, predeceased her on December 13, 1984.
It meant a great deal to Mrs. Miller that Edith Horovitz and
students from our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School paid
mitzvah calls to her. The kindness and thoughtfulness of Rabbi
Jonathan Lubliner during his visits to Mrs. Miller, while she
was ill, has been rewarded through this new gift that will now
be part of our general endowment.
Rabbi Emeritus David Gaffney also touched the heart of
Alexine Miller during his tenure with our congregation. The
Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud of all of our professionals
and children.
A special headstone in memory of Mark and Alexine Miller
was unveiled Sunday, August 6, 2006
at the New Center Cemetery.
In addition, plans are being made to construct an Entrance Pavilion at
the south entrance of the building and parking area that will be
dedicated to the blessed memories of Mark and Alexine Miller.
In his eulogy to Alexine Miller, Rabbi Lubliner said,
“There are those people in life who are loud and windy, flashy and
flaunting. Yet, it is not necessarily those who attract attention to
themselves and their efforts who most merit praise for doing God’s work
in this world. Frequently, it is the person of humble demeanor and
modest character who is truly deserving of God’s blessing.
Alexine Miller lived the life of a kol cTmama dakka ; hers was a ‘still
small voice’ possessed of gentle quality, or as the book of Proverbs
put it, ‘teachings of kindness were on her tongue.’
Mrs. Miller lived an unassuming and quiet life with her husband, Mark.
She believed in the importance of tzedakah and contributed to a variety
of Jewish causes. Her Jewish identity was an intrinsic part of her being.
In his poem, Zot Tefilati , “This is My Prayer,”,
the poet Hillel Bavli offers a fitting epitaph for Alexine Miller:
‘Grant strength to yield fine fruits, quintessence of my life, s
teeped in my very being, without expectation of reward.
And when my time comes — Let me slip into the night
demanding nothing, God, of humanity, or of You.’”
