224
Community Agencies
JCA
2006-07
Executive Board —
Steve Sherman
President
David C. Miller
Vice President
Randy M. Kammer
Vice President
Katie Kight
Vice President
Nancy Perlman
Vice President
Jan Lip sky
Secretary
Charles Berman
Treasurer
Malcolm Bloom
Assist. Secretary/
Treasurer
Colman Brodsky
At Large
Michele Steinfeld
At Large
Kenneth B. Jacobs
Past President
Stephen M. Goldman
Past President
David A. Stein
Honorary Chairman
‘fficW'icts (X,
Jewish Community Alliance
8505 San Jose Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32217
Phone (904) 730-2100, Fax (904) 730-2444, www.jcajax.org
Myron I. Flagler, Executive Director
The JCA offers so many wonderful new Jewish programs and activities.
We continue to serve the Jewish community more completely and better each year.
We strive to welcome all and share our Jewish traditions.
The mission of the JCA is to (1) contribute to the continuation of Jewish life,
culture, and community (2) provide a common meeting ground for the Jewish
community (3) enhance the quality of life for all segments
of the community and (4) strengthen family life. The JCA fulfills its mission
through an integrated range of high quality programs for people of all ages
including: accredited summer camp and preschool, Mommy and Me, after school
care, young family programs, Teen Connections, Jacksonville Teens Volunteer,
J Institute, mature adult activities, youth theatre, fitness and recreational
programs, Machón Aviv - Adult Spring Institute,Young Concert Artist series,
Jewish education, culture and arts programs, and by providing a place for family,
“neighborhood,” and community gatherings.
The JCA takes pride in working with the Jacksonville Jewish Center and other
local synagogues and agencies in conducting special educational programs and
celebrations. Some of the fabulous programs held this year include: Tuesday
Torah, Jewish Book Festival, special film showings of “Watermarks” and
“Paperclips,”Yom HaShoah commemoration, and Yom Ha’Atzmaut celebration.
The JCA serves people of all ages from 6 weeks to senior adults. We invite you to
be a part of the JCA. A sliding fee scale is available to make membership
affordable to all. Come by for a tour, or take part in one of our many programs -
after all, YOU ALREADY BELONG.
Shalom!
I to r: Alice Sherman , president, and
Betty Abisch, president elect.
River Garden Auxiliary
In 1922 a handful of women formed
the Ladies Hebrew Home Sheltering
Aid Society. “Who knew” that in
2006 we would have 546 resident at
any given time. River Garden is not
only a place to do good, but to feel
good. Walk our halls and have that
experience. Join our auxiliary and
share that experience. Our auxiliary
raised 50 thousand dollars last year
because of your help, so thanks again.
River Garden Auxiliary
Officers for 2006-2007
Presidents:
President Elect:
Fund Raising V.P:
Alice Sherman
Betty Abisch
Marilyn Datz
Marlene Sussman
Nancy Mizrahi
Shirley Bielski
Vivian Kaplan
Membership V.P:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Financial Secretary:
— Alice Sherman , Auxiliary President
