135
Scouting
Cub Scout Pack 14
For sixty-seven years, scouting at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center has taught young boys to value their experiences with
their family and friends in a relaxed but culturally filled
environment.
Our new Tiger Cub group, led by Garry Kitay and Craig
Sandler once again had a large group of eleven boys, which is
a good predictor of a strong future for Pack 14
This was probably the most adventurous year of camping yet,
with campouts to historical places, exotic places, and just
good old fun places. Our year, began at Fort Clinch, with a
beautiful day at the beach with a smorgasbord of food. Next up
was Manatee Springs in all its splendor. The effects of the hurricane season made
spotting manatees difficult, but just as we were leaving, Geoffrey Berlin and his
dad, Mark, saw two of them. The scouts were thrilled.
This year we visited a new spot, right here in our own back yard, St. Mary’s Fish
Camp, where we camped right on the bank of the river, fished and even drove
johnboats up and down the river. Other trips included campouts in Orlando and a
Disney trip, the Ocala National Forest and bear country, and lastly the Florida
Caverns, a real life earth-science experience.
As always, the most anticipated trip of the year was touring the aircraft carrier
Yorktown in Charleston, SC. It is so big it can literally wear you out. Thanks to all
the parents that made this wonderful experience happen for their children.
While thanking parents, we can not forget our leaders, Morli Joza, Lori Osachy
and Elissa Yining. Morli stepped up for the second graders so they could have a
leader at the last minute and Lori has taken the reigns for the third graders and
done just an amazing job as a leader of the Bear Scouts. Also, she and her son,
Jacob, become two of the most improved canoers in the scouts. Elissa, the fourth
grade Webelos leader is like the little energizer bunny, she keeps going and going.
This group meets more than any other and has such a blast doing all the great
scouting activities
Somewhere in the middle of all of this
we had our yearly Pinewood Derby event.
There were so many entrants with so many
beautiful cars that it was one of our best
ever races. Congratulations to Jeffrey
Goldring, Charlie DuBow, and Jacob
Ruby, for having the fastest cars in the
race.
Pack 14 shone at the Blue and Gold
Banquet. Their achievements were varied and many. Then it was one last trip,
down the Ichetucknee River, to end an exciting year.
I would like to thank the fifth grade Weblos
for getting me involved in this program. I love you guys!
Anyone interested in becoming a member or helping with this very enriching
program, please email me at m.pett@comcast.net
Go Mighty, Mighty Pack 14!
Marty Pett, Cubmaster
