120
Educational Milestones
Hagigot HaSiddvir - Consecration
Shabbat morning, January 29, 2005
Beginning Hebrew students of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School and the Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
presented a Hagigot HaSiddur , Consecration, program
during Shabbat morning services on February 4.
In “Alef-Bet of Mitzvot,”an adorable production written by
Judaica teacher, Robin Morris, one mitzvah for each
Hebrew letter was explained through songs, tefillot
(prayers), and short explanations.
Each student received a certificate and sweet treat
traditionally given to mark a sweet start to their formal
Hebrew education. Beautifully covered siddurim (prayerbooks) were given
to the students by their parents. The Center Sisterhood presented each child
with a bound collection of Leagrams containing well wishes from family and
friends.
Mazel tov wishes are extended to the families of the Consecrants: Hailey
Berger, Samantha Bntensky, Martin Cohen, Matan Dragon, Samuel
Goldstein, Scott Goldstein, Jennifer Gordon, Ari Howard, Julia
Kahn, Aaron Kitay, Avichai Lnbliner, Joel Margol, Benjamin Miller,
Solomon Miller, Ryan Mizrahi, Rachel Nevers, Micali Parnés, Jared
Plotkin, Joey Plotkin, Sonya Pnlley, Danielle Oko, Lev ana Oslier,
Julian Rnbin, Lee Safer, Carly Stevens, Ariel Szoychen, Natalie
Whitehead and Liam Wirsansky.
1st National Junior Honor Society Inductions
Wednesday, February 8, 2006
The Martin J. Gottlieb Day School is proud to announce the institution of a
chapter of the National Junior Honor Society, which recognizes superior
students in Middle School. The following students were inducted at a
ceremony held at the Jacksonville Jewish Center:
7th Graders- Max Fleislier, Emily Levine, Gabrielle Magid, Isaac
Pearl, Sara Plotkin, Shira Rittenherg; 8tli Graders- Max
Goldstein, Tal Lee, Sarah Miller and Aviela Weltman.
Todah rabah to teacher, Marc Leventhal, for his efforts to gain the
certificate of affiliation to the National Jr. Honor Society of Secondary
Schools
The National Junior Honor Society is an elite group of students who meet
and maintain rigid academic and personal standards. Prospective members are
evaluated on their character, citizenship, community service, and leadership, as well
as on academic excellence. In addition, they must fill out an information form and
submit four letters of recommendation. Members take pride in their accomplishments
and strive diligently toward their goals of attaining a superior education and of
contributing to their school and community.
Mazel tov to all of our students, teachers and their families for setting high academic
standards.
