123
Center Youth Department
A Message from the Director
The children of the Jacksonville Jewish Center are very special young people.
Children who know that getting together is a beginning, keeping together is
progress and working together is success.
Enthusiasm, commitment, initiative and friendliness are the qualities of
leadership our children have developed. By their deeds and actions, each
encouraged a higher standard of interest and participation with all whom they
work and play. Working and playing together, has insured that our groups have a
very successful year. The children don’t often realize that they are learning and
growing as they have so much fun.
Our advisors bring experience, wisdom and knowledge to our organizations. They
teach the children to be responsible, resourceful, original and creative. They are
committed to youth groups rich in Jewish values and traditions.They work hard to
instill a sense of pride in all of our young people.
We, at the Center, strive to grow along with our children. We must encourage
them continue their Jewish and community social action participation and guide
them in their efforts to become educated, open minded Jewish adults.
I look forward to helping guide our children in these important endeavors.
Thank you advisors and children alike for a fabulous year.
L’Shana Tova to you and your families.
— Gayle D. Bailys
Center Youth Commission
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and programs sponsored by
the Jacksonville Jewish Center including Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Scouts and the
Center Day Camp. The committee is made up of youth group advisors, presidents of
our clubs and caring Center members who believe that the future of Conservative
Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs designed to
develop upcoming Jewish leaders.
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Youth Commission
encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as
Camp Ramah, USY - on - Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Poland/Israel
Pilgrimage. These provide excellent opportunities for our children to share
wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the
United States. The Youth Commission assists applicants with a variety of
scholarships.
Through our College Outreach program, our college undergraduates stay connected to
the synagogue and community. Four times a year, at Rosh Hashanah, Hanukkah,
Purim and Passover, care packages are sent that bring warm wishes and promote
holiday observance. Help us to stay in touch with your children by keeping us
updated on their school mailing and email addresses. Thank you to Beth Fleet and
Ellen Rosner coordinating this important work.
Gayle Bailys
Youth Director
OUR MISSION
The purpose of the Youth
Programs of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center is to bridge the
invisible gap between the
home, the school and the
synagogue. All of our youth
activities combined offer a
unique opportunity to
stimulate educational,
spiritual and social growth
and development within a
Judaic environment. To
oversee these activities, the
Youth Commission and Youth
Director, sets the standards
and policies for these
programs.
— Kathy Osterer, Youth Commission Chair
