117
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A Message from the Religious School Director
The Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center has evolved into an exciting and vibrant program. The award-
winning curriculum, combined with educational and entertaining family
programming, concentrates on instilling a love of our rich cultural
heritage. Our dedicated and caring staff, along with Rabbi Lubliner,
creates an atmosphere where children can sort out overwhelming current
issues and events in a gentle and safe Jewish environment. A connection
to our synagogue and a sense of community develop as students see their
classroom friends and teachers at services and other functions.
The Sunday School program for Kindergarten through 2nd graders is
designed to introduce our eager youngest students to Hebrew letters and
vocabulary, Jewish holidays, and heroes and mitzvot in the Torah.
Students in grades 3-6 meet three days per week, Sunday, Monday and
Wednesday, concentrating on Hebrew fluency (prayer as well as
conversational), history, customs and rituals. We have ensured that our
curriculum runs parallel to the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School curriculum,
so that any student can easily transition into the Religious School and
remain challenged in all levels. The 7th grade “Etgar” class learns to pull
together all of this knowledge and put it to practical use, both personally
and communally, as young, Jewish adults. The addition of Cantor Yitzhak
Ben-Moshe to our staff has enabled the expansion of our tyülot
curriculum.
Extensive use of music, art projects, dramatics, and our outstanding
congregational library and computer lab allows each student to flourish in
an exciting, kid-friendly atmosphere. A special-needs professional and
individual tutors are available for children who need a bit of extra help
during school hours with their Hebrew and Judaic studies.
The introduction, this year, of a formal objective assessment system will
help us to track the progress of individual students in areas such as
Hebrew reading, prayer, and Judaica knowledge. This will allow us to
recognize problems as they develop, and thereby keep a child moving
forward in their studies.
Lois Tompkins
Religious School Director
Youth Congregations
Meet Shabbat mornings
11a.m. to Noon
2005 -06
Pre-Junior Congregation
Kindergarten-2nd Grade
Led by Karen Morse
Junior Congregation
Grades 3-6
Led by Edith Horovitz
Tot Shabbat
Toddlers from 15 mos.
Led by Pamela Lewis
We look forward to the continued
involvement of Rabbi Lubliner and
Cantor Ben-Moshe and welcome
Rabbi David Weiner.
— Lois Tompkins
