109
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
A Solomon Schechter School
located in the Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center
A Message from the Day School Principal
The educators of the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School consciously reflect on the past
and look toward the future. Our unique day school experience, in a “living” Jewish
community, integrates the Judaic and general studies curriculum throughout the day
and produces young people conversant in the Hebrew language. That which ensues
is a communal joy of celebration, combined with the valued tradition of study and
inquiry, ultimately fostering a love of learning.
Our faculty is motivated, caring and dedicated to providing optimal learning
experiences through the use of various teaching techniques. We use a spiraling
curriculum that builds on basic skills and expands with increasing levels of
sophistication, encouraging questioning, exploration, and analysis. Art, music,
technology, library, and physical education are woven into this curriculum, further
enriching its quality. The accolades received by the current students, and the
stunning achievements of our graduates, are testimonials to the school’s high
academic standards. The current acquisition of state-of-the-art laptop and desktop
computers and software will enable the students to integrate technology into all
aspects of learning and prepare them for the challenging future that awaits them.
Learning the ethical values of Judaism and applying this knowledge to the
performance of mitzvot is fundamental to every child’s education. As we strive to
create “menschen,” the values of social action and social responsibility become an
integral part of character building, so vital in our society of changing values.
Completing the educational panarama are several other essential components, most
importantly, parents. Through parent workshops held throughout the year, open
communication with parents is stressed and encouraged. The PTA and the
synagogue’s Education Committee work diligently on behalf of the students and the
school. The support of the Jacksonville Jewish Federation and their partnership in
our Family University program help to solidify the school’s presence in the
community. The guidance and support of the Jacksonville Jewish Center is central
to the school’s well being.
If you have not done so already, visit our school. Stroll through its magnificent,
physical plant and grounds. Marvel at the creative writing and other projects
displayed in the hallways, and “kvell” at the sound of children’s voices in prayer.
As you reflect on your own educational experience, I feel you will agree that you are
witnessing a promising future.
— Carole Goldberg
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
ninistrative Assistant
Jessie Roman
Secretary
Carole Goldberg
Day School Principal
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal of the
Middle School
