105
— The Samuel & Esther Galinsky Educational Programs —
Early Childhood Department
located in the Selevan Preschool and Day Care Center
A Message from the Early Childhood Director
For over 63 years, the Early Childhood Department has given children of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a wonderful first experience in education. Our caring
and well-trained staff encourages a love of learning, enthusiasm for exploration
and discovery, and a high regard for self and others.
We are dedicated to providing a high-quality, well-rounded, fun program. Our
focus is on the development of the skills necessary for future learning: pre-math
skills, reading readiness, art, music, computers, Judaica and physical fitness.
“Jewish experiences lay the groundwork for a lifelong Jewish identity
and create the basis upon which all future learning is built.
Jewish early childhood education is about building the foundation of
a strong, vibrant, joyful Jewish identity for each child.”
— Maxine Segal Handelman ,
USCJ’s consultant for Early Childhood Education
The Jacksonville Jewish Center Preschool incorporates Jewish values into the
curriculum throughout the entire year. As a part of our cultural tradition and
heritage, we celebrate the Jewish holidays and Shabbat with songs, stories, special
foods and traditions.
This coming year, we look forward to introducing many new programs including
“Play Ball,” a physical fitness course, and “Computer Tots.” The addition of a
very unique program, “ Shalom Baby,” for children under three years old and their
parents, is much anticipated.
Haley Blount, our enthusiastic and creative Extended Day Coordinator, and her
terrific staff, will be unveiling our new “Kids Club.” Children who stay past noon
will enjoy new and exciting activities. Our “Giant Steps” series will continue to be
available to our after-care students.
Stop by the Preschool to see all the wonderful, new faces and programs.
On behalf of the Preschool staff and my own family,
I wish you a Shana Tova UMetukah , a Healthy and Happy New Year.
— Sliereen Canady
Michelle Margol, Judaica Teacher
Robin Morris, Preschool Advisor and
J udaica Teacher
Shereen Canady
Early Childhood
Director
Haley Blount
Extended Day
Coordina lor
