223
Community Agencies
Jacksonville Jewish Federation
8505 San Jose Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32217
448-5000 Fax.- 448-5715 • www.jaxjewish.org
— Executive Committee -
President
Leslie Held
Campaign Chair
and 1st Vice President
Leonard Setzer
Vice Presidents
Michael Korn
Debbie Parker
Gary Perlman
VP/ Women’s Division
President
Stacie Wilf
Treasurer
Larry Appel
Secretary
Leonard Maiman
Women’s Division
Campaign Chair
Francine Kempner
Immediate Past President
Guy Benrubi
Presidential Appointee
Richard Sisisky
The officers, board members and staff of Federation wish the members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center a Happy and Healthy New Year!
The Jewish Federation is the only organization in our community conducting an
annual campaign benefiting the JCA, River Garden, JFCS, the Jewish Foundation, all
local synagogues, the Jewish Agency for Israel and the Joint Distribution Committee.
All synagogues in Jacksonville receive an allocation from Federation.
One of Federation’s priorities is support of Jewish education. We are proud to fund the
Martin J Gottlieb Day School and to work together and co sponsor Family University.
Federation funds the Torah Academy of Jacksonville now in its 4th year of operation.
This fall marks the second year for our Jewish community’s Hebrew High program,
Beit Midrash to fall under Federation.
Journeys to Israel for our youth make all the difference in the world. We are proud to
support the Joan Levin Gift of Israel Program and birthright israel.
Community Relations, Missions, Leadership Development and planning are make up
the Federation’s agenda. This summer and fall we will take 130 people on missions to
Israel! And throughout the coming year, with funding provided by the Jacksonville
Jewish Foundation, we are conducting a Leadership Enrichment Series for the future
leadership of all synagogues, Federation and the major local Jewish organizations.
We pray that this will be a wonderful year for the members of our Jewish community
and our fellow Jews living in Israel and throughout the world.
— Leslie Held , President Alan Margolies , Executive Director
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation
Board of Trustees wishes
you and yours “L’Shana Tovah,
may you be inscribed for a sweet New Year."
The Jacksonville Jewish Foundation facilitates putting donor intent into action. It is
our Jewish community foundation with a mission to ensure the future of our partner
organizations including the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
This year while you are contemplating your blessings consider the many programs of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center. What better time than Rosh Hashanah and
Yom Kippur, when we are looking into the eyes of those we love and thanking God, to
make a commitment to perpetuate a family tradition by supporting Jewish causes.
Please remember the Jacksonville Jewish Center while doing your estate planning.
Contact the Jacksonville Jewish Foundation for assistance with the many opportunities
to include the Center and other Jewish causes you care about in your estate planning
and in your will.
E 0. Box 24847
Jacksonville, Florida 32241
Phone: 904-394-0720
Fax: 904-394-0956
www.jacksonvillejewishfoundation.org
— Board of Trustees
Fiscal Year 2006-2007
Mark Shorstein, CPA, President
Dr. Scot Ackerman
Loretta Cornelius
Michael Donziger*, Trustee
Michael DuBow
Jeff Edwards, Sec.
Dr. Ronald Elinoff
Melvyn H. Fruit, Esq. ,V. R
Mel Gottlieb*, Trustee
Mark Green, Esq.
Kenneth B. Jacobs, Esq.
Barbara Jaffe, CIMA
Dr. Mitchell Levine
Marsha Pollock
Neil Presser, CPA, Treas.
Michael Schneider, Esq.
Stephen Silverman*, Trustee
Richard Sisisky
Stacie Wilf
Sandy Zimmerman
Barry Zisser, Esq.
Of Blessed Memory
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
Michele Block-Wiener, Esq.
Executive Director
Paulette Keifer
*Past President
