228
Community Organizations
Hadassah
Judaism teaches that it is not enough to avoid iniquity or
remain silent in the face of injustice. We must actively pursue
righteousness and justice at home, in the community, and in
the world. In the spirit of Tikkun Olam, Hadassah began as a
study group in 1912 by Henrietta Szold, who gathered together
like-minded women to bring public health services to pre-state
Israel. Today, more than 300,000 American women (49,000 in
Florida) help repair the world by supporting Hadassah’s
projects and programs.
In Israel we save lives at our hospitals at Ein Kerem and
Mount Scopus, build self-esteem and employment skills at
Hadassah Career Counseling Institute, rescue children at risk
through Youth Aliyah, and educate at Hadassah College
Jerusalem. And whether you are a seasoned traveler or have
not yet been to Eretz Yisrael, you must see Israel through
Hadassah’s eyes! Let us help you find the Hadassah Mission
that exceeds all your expectations.
Across America, our members promote health education,
perform community service, and teach Jewish values.
Hadassah advocates on issues ranging from Israel-US relations
to First Amendment protections to genetic discrimination to
women’s rights and health concerns.
We are mothers and daughters, sisters and friends. We are
attorneys, physicians, social workers, nurses, bankers, real
estate brokers, and teachers. Jacksonville’s 1,000 Hadassah
members proudly invite you to join our wonderful organization
and experience the joy of doing mitzvot.
Please contact me to discuss which of our four groups, Aronson
Nurses & Health Care Professionals’ Council, Shir Li, Tikva,
or Yamit, will be able to welcome you as a new or returning
member: Jodi Seitlin, Jacksonville Chapter President,
(904) 254-2322 or lawladyl990@clearwire.net
National Council of Jewish Women
Jacksonville NCJW had an exciting year. We continued to
provide baskets with the necessities for young adults in
foster care who are aging out of the system. We had thought
provoking meetings and discovered fun and fellowship
through playing Bunko.
Our Women in Power/Donor program recognized three
diverse women in our community:
Susan Owens Hamilton is an attorney, Assistant Vice
President of Diversity and Equal Employment Opportunity at
CSX. She is the first women to lead a department at CSX
and was the first female chair of the Gator Bowl Association.
She has earned various and numerous awards and sits on
many committees in our community. She was an EVE finalist
and board president of Pine Castle.
Dr. Judy Popped is the Executive Director of Leadership
Institute at the Schultz Center for Teaching and Learning.
Prior to this position, Judy Popped was Director of Urban
Initiatives in the College of Education at the University of
North Florida. Dr. Popped spent 38 years in the Duval
County Public Schools as a teacher, principal, and Director
of Student Assignment and Magnet Programs and General
Director of Academic Programs. Judy is also past president
of Congregation Ahavath Chesed and a member of
Leadership Jacksonville.
Thelma Young is an inspirational women who has written the
book “The Stories My Foremothers Told Me”, stories based
on tape recorded conversations with the women in her family
about growing up as black Creole Catholics along the
Mississippi-Louisiana Gulf coast. Thelma is president of
the literary journal “Fiction Fix”, the executive secretary in
the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of North
Florida and is pursing a degree in literature there.
Programs this year included a popular book review by Edith
Horovitz at the new downtown library, co sponsoring a
speaker at the JCA’s Book Fair, and hearing the experiences
of a JFCS worker and teen in the foster care system.
The Jacksonville Chapter of National Council of Jewish
Women continues to support and be involved in issues that
concern women, families and children both in the United
States and abroad.
For information about joining National Council of
Jewish Women, please call Rlioda Goldstein at
268-8124 or Shirley Bielsld at 733-7430.
2006 - 2007 Presidents
Chapter Jodi Seitlin
Aronson Nurses & Health Care Shosliana Haas,
Sondra Resnikoff
Shir Li Lisa Bergman, Wendy Sclioenfeld
Tikva Renee Gordon
Yamit Lin Pomerantz
Jacksonville Chapter Officers & Board:
Fundraising VPs Linda Bloom, Pat Frisch
Records/Membership VP
Education VP
Leadership VP
Treasurer
Records Administrator
Corresponding Sec.
Recording Sec.
Public Relations Chair
Keepers & Major Gifts Chair
Godparents Chairs
Etta Fialkow
Claudia Baker
Tricia Bettman
Evelyn Moskovitz
Etta Fialkow
Robin Allerding
Elissa Vining
June Slienkman
Rlioda Kagan
Marjie Rogozinski,
June Shenkman
Chai Luncheon Chair Claudia Baker
Associate Emeritus Dr. Joseph Honigman
Advisors/Past Pres. Tricia Bettman
Janis Dorman, Barbara Schneider
