83
Lifecycle Events
Burial and Mourning
Center Cemetery
The Center owns and maintains two cemeteries adjacent to the Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Both are open daylight hours every day except
Shabbat and Jewish holidays. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on North
Main St. to Winona St. Make a right on Winona and go until you reach Gate 5.
The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the New Cemetery, travel north on
North Main Street to 43rcl Street. Make a right on 43rd Street.
The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street.
Middle School students of the Martin J.
Gottlieb Day School and the Etgar class of the
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
learn about the respectful care of the dead,
including tending of burial sites. As a mitzvah
project, the students annually visit the Center
Cemetery to clean and care for negelected
headstones. We are proud and grateful to these
children for performing an important mitzvah.
Contributions can be made to the Cemetery
Fund in honor or in memory of loved ones. All
donations will be used to enhance and
maintain our cemeteries.
We thank the volunteers
who serve on this
important committee:
Dr. Jeffrey Goldstein
Fred Kupperman
Leonardo Maiman
Morrie Osterer
Nathan Sandler
Blanche Slott
Elyse Whitman
Seeman Zimmerman
Hevra Kaddisha
The Hevra Kaddisha is one of the oldest and most respected Jewish institutions.
Its duties were so important that in early times it was one of the first
organizations formed by a new Jewish community.
This is true of the Jacksonville Hevra Kaddisha, an independent society
made up of 40 dedicated members who serve the entire Jewish community.
Their unselfish efforts are truly noteworthy.
The Hevra Kaddisha is available 24 hours a day to help families
in a time of need following the immediate loss of a loved one.
We are willing and able to offer comfort and answer your concerns
Our members are trained in die ritual practice of taharah , the traditional
preparation of the deceased for burial. We recite the required prayers to guard
them, forgive their sins and grant them eternal peace.
On behalf of all the members of Hevra Kaddisha,
I wish all the families of our community a year of good health.
Officers 2006-2007
President
Nathan C. Sandler
Vice President/
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Vice President
Fred Kupperman
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah -
Committee Chairs
Sally Becker
Ava Axelrod
—Nathan C. Sandler, president
