133
Scouting
Senior Girl Scout Troop 969
For some girls of the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Girl Scout Troop # 969,
this was not only their graduating year of high school, but also their graduating
year of Senior Girl Scouting. Stephanie Shacter., Kelby Siddons,
Sarah Pierce and Morgan Owens have shared nine years of learning, service
and friendship with Michelle Jernigan and Talia Fleet.
The troop concluded the year in late May with a beach condo stay in
St. Augustine, with day trips to the surrounding area. The highlight of the trip was
parasailing in sight of St. Augustine and its black-and-white spiraled lighthouse.
Three girls at a time sailed from a 1,000 foot line above the glistening waves.
While in St. Augustine, the troop also took advantage of the attractions of St.
George Street, such as a Ghost Tour, the Spanish Bakery, Kilwin’s Chocolates and
the Memorial Day fireworks that spangled the city’s sky, as well as nearby
National Parks, Fort Matanzas and Washington Oaks Gardens.
The girls all agreed their relaxing, beautiful and adventurous trip was an
excellent use of their cookie sale earnings and a wonderful conclusion
to the Troop 969 experience. So what’s next?
Michelle and Talia plan to finish their senior year as scouts through the “Zip”
program, individual girls participating through the mail. Over the summer,
Stephanie began college at University of Central Florida and Sarah started at
Florida State University. Morgan will attend Barry College and Kelby will attend
Northwestern University in the fall. The girls chose these colleges for the quality
they say has been the troop’s hallmark - its diversity. “Different races, religions
and high schools,” troop leader Helen Shacter mused,
“This is the only place they would have come together.” Each is certainly
thankful to Girls Scout of USA and the Center synagogue for just that.
This article was written for all the girls by Kelby Siddons.
We want to especially thank the parents for all the years of support
for their daughters and Girl Scouting!
— Helen Shacter & Shirley Jernigan
