27
A Message from Rabbi Weiner
I am most passionate about Judaism when it approaches tradition in a
progressive way. My deep commitment to prayer, study and love of people form
the way I approach our Jewish heritage and teach our sacred texts. Fostering
mutual respect, lifelong learning and open discussion of serious issues yields a
more supportive and welcoming Jewish community.
Although Torah was given once, it is received every day, and everyone who
receives Torah hears it differently.
While studying at the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York,
I enjoyed approaching our tradition from a variety of perspectives, working
together with my colleagues and teachers to understand the details as well as
the bigger picture. I became particularly interested in the interaction between
law and narrative in rabbinic literature. Recognizing that book knowledge
affords an incomplete picture of the world, I also served as a hospital chaplain,
and I stand in awe of my patients’ physical and spiritual strength in the face of
overwhelming suffering. My passion for education and justice led me to the
Tikvah Program for teenagers with disabilities at Camp Ramah in Wisconsin,
where I worked as counselor, teacher and finally coordinator
of the program over six summers.
Before coming to the Jacksonville Jewish Center, I served for three years as the
visiting rabbi of a small congregation, Etz Chayim of Huntsville, Alabama.
Teaching and leading services for a diverse community, as well as counseling
members regarding Jewish approaches to the challenges they face, gave me an
appreciation of the myriad ways children, teens and adults connect with each
other and with God. Last summer at Temple Emanuel in Sydney, Australia, I had
a chance to experience the excitement of a vibrant, pluralistic, urban synagogue
and the thrill of working as a part of an accomplished professional team.
Rabbi Chanina taught: “From my teachers I have learned much; from my
colleagues I have learned more. But it is from my students that I have learned
the most.” (Babylonian Talmud, Taanit 7a) When I teach a class, my primary
concern is encouraging all learners in the room to explore their
relationship to the material at hand and the questions it raises.
And, like Rabbi Chanina, I include myself as a learner.
I find in the words of Leah Goldberg, an Israeli poet of the mid-twentieth
century, a particularly evocative prayer for this season of renewal:
Rabbi David Weiner
Teach me, my God, to bless and ponder
The secret of a wrinkled leaf, the glow of ripe fruit,
This freedom: to see, to feel, to breathe,
To know, to long, to stumble.
Teach my lips blessing and song of praise
As time renews itself each day and night,
Lest my day today repeat yesterdays,
Lest my days become routine.
Judith, Joseph and I are very excited to join
the Jacksonville Jewish Center family. We wish you a shana
tova umtuka , a year of sweetness, blessing and growth.
— Rabbi David Weiner
