227
Community Organizations
American Red Magen David for Israel
Founded as a First Aid Society in 1930, Magen David Adorn
is continually evolving. The INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS
has finally accepted MDA as a full member. MDA responds to
all medical emergencies, from pregnancies, heart attacks,
strokes and illness to traffic accidents, work-related injuries
and terror attacks - 24/7. Within minutes, one of MDA’s
rescue units arrive on the scene. Trained volunteers and
professional medical responders administer immediate help
or transport the patient to a hospital. They continually train
to upgrade and maintain their skills and to keep abreast of
the latest technology.
Brandéis University
National Women’s Committee
Brandéis University Women’s Committee is really a
misnomer, since our organization includes men in its
membership. Our primary goal is financial support for
Brandéis University ‘s educational pursuits. It connects
Brandéis, a nonsectarian university founded by the American
Jewish Community, to its members and their communities
through programs that reflect the ideals of social justice and
academic excellence.
Mitzvah Chapter’s Annual Raffle, Shalach Manot cards and
Cards & Certificates proceeds have been used to replenish
MDA ambulances and First Aid Stations in the Hadera-Eiron
Region with equipment, bandaids and bandages. Each $1
donated to our puzzle project also helps. If you would like to
make a contribution to this fund, please send a check to:
Mitzvah ARMDI, 4543 Rock River Road W, Jacksonville FL
32224. Your name will go on the back of a puzzle piece
donated to a local shelter while the funds go directly to
Israel. Call Vera Benjamin, 387-9372, for information.
The MDA National Blood Service Center meets 100% of the
blood and plasma needs of the IDF and 95% of the rest of the
country. It urgently needs to modernize and expand its
research and blood storage facilities.
The MDA Israel Cord Blood Bank Center removes stem cells
from the cord blood donated by parents of healthy babies, as
well as tests, types and store these to be primarily used to
treat cancers and blood disasters.
Our fiscal year is changing from to Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, the same
as the calendar year. Show your support for the State of Israel
for only $25 or $200 Chapter Life and do the mitzvah of
pikkuach nefesh by joining today and be paid thru 31 Dec
2007. Mail to Mitzvah ARMDI, 10323 Docksider Drive E,
Jacksonville, FL 32257
For us it’s only a check, for them it could mean life itself.
2006 - 2007 Officers
Mitzvah Chapter of ARMDI
Co-Presidents: Wendy Honigman, Joan Waitz
Executive Vice President:
Membership Coordinator:
Treasurer:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Parliamentarian:
Cards/Donations:
Concert:
Outreach:
Publicity:
Raffle:
Board:
Hana Schindler
Elisheva Shields
Dr. George Glossman
Sandra Resnikoff
Sliari Goranson
Lillian Meizlik
Vera Benjamin
Penny Powell
Ray Hardy
Priscilla Sclnnerer
Bonnie Hardy
Dr. Joseph Honigman,
Carol & Harvey Matorin, Leon Robins,
Dr. Andrew Sauer and Naomi Lazar
Emeritus Board: Ilse Gottlieb,
Drs. Olga & Cliiel Wind
Brandéis - Jacksonville covers a diverse range of interests.
Our Study Groups offer something for everyone, from reading
books and plays to great dining and more.
Our membership includes couples as well as singles (women
and men). We afford our members the opportunity to continue
learning, as well as the chance to just have fun. “Traveling
Gourmet” features dinners at various area restaurants. “Reel
Special,” our movie group, picks films of unusual interest,
followed by dinner and discussion. “Each year the Study
Groups change to reflect the interests of the membership.
We welcome everyone to join with us in this unique
organization. If you would like additional information,
please call Anne Brueske at 829-1545.
2006-2007 Officers
of Brandéis University Women’s Committee
Fundraising VPs:
Program VPs:
Membership V.P:
Study Groups VP:
Recording Secretary:
Corresponding Secretary:
Financial Secretaries:
Treasurer:
Auditors:
Directors:
Nominating Committee:
Doris Gross, Norma Levy,
Book Fund:
Life Membership:
Bulletin:
Gaye Feuer
Betsy Pearl
Patricia Evert
Betsy Pearl
Jo Anne Hull
Leona Toppal
Anne Brueske
Norma Levy
Gina Weston
Norma Levy
Elaine Fendell
David Sellin
Carol Agress
David Selin
Rae Halpern
Betsy Pearl, Chair
David Selin, Gaye Feuer
Anne Brueske
Judie Levenson
Gina Weston
