Committees and Organizations
David Schmerer
“Mr. Safety”
Men’s Club Man of the Year Banquet
The Center Men’s Club 6th Annual Man of the
Year event was a huge success and whole lot of fun
as we roasted and toasted our honoree, David
Schmerer. The Men’s Club thanks the many
Patrons, Friends and Special Contributors who
helped to make this such a successful event. The
proceeds support the Horty T. Gendzier Summer
Scholarship Fund. A special thanks goes to this
year’s program chairman, Ira Grann, and the rest of the planning committee, and
of course to Dave for being such a good sport.
“Men of the Year 99 (l to r) Sheldon Gendzier, Evan Yegelwel,
Moti Demri, Dave Schmerer, Neil Sandler and Ira Grann.
Judy Reppert
B’rit Hinukh Award
Marty Gottlieb B’rit Hinukh Covenant of Education Award
The Men’s Club Board of Directors established the Marty Gottlieb B’rit Hinukh
Covenant of Education Award to recognize individual educators within the
Jacksonville Jewish Center Schools for their lifelong commitment to intellectual,
professional and religious development and to the passionate motivation of their
students to learn about the language, laws, traditions, history and spiritual
strength of Conservative Judaism.
David Schmerer presented the B’rit Hinukh award to Judy Reppert at the PTA
Teacher Appreciation Dinner on May 22, 2006. For thirty years, Mrs. Reppert has
been a loved and respected teacher in both the Day School and Religious School.
Acclaimed for her creativity, Judy’s classes are the highlight of her students’ day.
She is currently part of the Middle School teaching team.
Yashar Kohahat to Judy on this well deserved honor.
In recognition of their achievement,
Yad Shel Chai recipients receive
a certificate and personalized
“yad, 99 Torah pointer.
Men’s Club Yad Shel Chai Award
In 1998, Center Men’s Club instituted this award-winning program to
encourage youngsters to continue reading Torah after their Bar or Bat Mitzvah.
Teens who read a minimum of 18 (chai) portions by age 18 are presented with
an inscribed Torah pointer (yad ) and a certificate. Over the years, many teens
have enrolled in this program, and to date 39 have received the award.
The Yad Shel Chai recipients for 5766 were: Michael Appelbaum,
Mathew Classman, Jonathan Kessler, Annie Levenson, Gahrielle
Magid, Luria Rittenberg, Dana Rogozinski, Joshua Rogozinski and
Kyle Yining. Mitchell Wohl earned a Double Chai award for reading 36
portions during the year following his Bar Mitzvah..For more information
regarding this program, contact Randall Smith at 565-4447.
44
