29
A Message from the Cantor
5767 - A Year of Growth and Renewal
I am happy to report that this year brings a
new stage in my professional development. I was privileged to attend
the 59th annual convention of the Cantor’s Assembly in New York in May of
2006. At that time, I sat for and passed four of the six components of the
written examination for entry into the Cantors Assembly.
In addition, I was formally accepted as a Cantoral Intern of the Cantors
Assembly, and may now be called by the title, “Cantor.” This program was
set up to enable Ba’alay Tefillah to gain full membership in the Cantors
Assembly. Interns are paired with mentors who work with them during the
course of their studies. These studies are based on a curriculum of Jewish
liturgical and musical knowledge, which ensures the professional
qualification of Hazzanim in the Cantors Assembly. My own mentor is
Hazzan Laurie Rimland-Bonn in Orlando, with whom I have been
studying for some months now. In addition, Cantoral Interns are associate
members of the Cantors Assembly with access to most of its resources.
Of course, the most valuable resource of all is the opportunity to talk and
share music with other cantors.
Over the course of the coming year, I plan to continue the “Carlebach
Shabbat” services on selected Friday nights. Introduced over the summer,
these services feature modern liturgical tunes composed by
Shlomo Carlebach and others. In addition, a Middle School Youth Choir
will be formed that will participate in festival services as well as selected
Shabbat services during the year.
Finally, I would like to congratulate Blanche Slott for being honored by the
5767 Center Yearbook. From our first meeting, when I was a child and she
was Director of the Center’s Day Camp, through her term as
Executive Director of the congregation and up until today, Blanche has been
an integral part of my life, and everyone’s life here at the Center.
We all hope for many more active years for Blanche.
D’vorah, Ban and Eden join me in wishing a “Shanah Tovah uMetukah -
a good and sweet year” to the entire Center family.
B’shalom,
— Cantor Yitzhak Ben-Moshe
