47
Committees and Organizations
Adult Education Committee
Lita Poehlman, chair
Rabbi Golinkin
The year 5766 was filled with a variety of
programs and events to educate and inspire our
congregation. It began at Selihot in September, with
the annual Marilyn & Louis Safer Shabbaton Weekend.
Rabbi David Golinkin, president and professor of
Jewish Law at the Schechter Institute of Jewish Studies
in Jerusalem, was our dynamic scholar-in-residence.
He spoke on a variety of issues of Jewish law from the
perspective of the Conservative Movement, bringing a
modern twist to them all. Thank you to Sue & Mitch
Levine for hosting a Sunday morning reception for
donors.
In keeping with the theme “Shabbat for the Rest of your Life,”
Rabbi Lubliner taught a seven part series that explored the literature, laws and
lore of Shabbat. Many of our members enjoyed “Tiyul to Shul ,” which encouraged
worshippers to enjoy walking with friends to Shabbat services. Todah rabah to Ira
Grann, Helen Shacter and Etta Fialkow for coordinating this program.
Sunday seminars with Rabbi Lubliner, once again, offered the opportunity
to study several interesting topics in depth. Monday evening Talmud classes
continued the exploration of the Babylonian Talmud’s Tractate Megillah.
One Shabbat a month, Rabbi served up “Coffee Talk,”
a pre-services look at the Torah using the Etz Hayim Humash.
An assortment of other courses was taught throughout the year by our talented and
knowledgeable instructors. Marc Leventhal explored religious books in “What’s
in Your Library?” Janice Knack taught “Understanding Siddur Hebrew,” while
Wendy Brezin and Arlene Yegelwel offered a course in Hebrew literacy. Lorrain
Federman taught us to speak Israeli Hebrew, and Cantor Ben-Moshe showed us
how to daven. The popular “Firing Line” discussions continued to examine
contemporary Jewish issues using current periodicals.
We were fortunate to hear Steven M. Cohen, a sociologist of American Jewry,
speak on “Engaging the Next Generation in American Jewry,”
at the Setzer-Levit Lecture in March.
In May, thirty people began a new adventure in learning, “If You’ve Ever
Wondered . . . An Introduction To Judaism,” a 24-session course compiled by
Rabbi Lubliner and several of his colleagues from New Jersey. Thank you to
Karen Hamilton and Janice Knack for making classes so interesting that a
waiting list has started for a new class to begin in 2007.
The year closed with a Tikkun leyl Shavuot study session following the
Confirmation service and ending just before midnight. A variety of topics were
explored by Rabbi Lubliner, Cantor Ben-Moshe and Marc Leventhal, in one hour
formats, which allowed for participation in more than one discussion.
Lita Poehlman
Chair
I am pleased to assume
the responsibilities of
chair of the Adult
Education committee
and thank Etta
Fialkow for her many
years of devotion to
Jewish learning at our
synagogue. I look
forward to another
wonderful season of
classes , seminars and
world renowned
speakers at the
Jacksonville Jewish
Center.
Steven Colien
