43
Committees and Organizations
Center Sisterhood
Jewish women have “Western brains.” Sisterhood
offers these same women ways to cultivate their
“Jewish hearts” at Sisterhood meetings, book
reviews, seminars, Women’s Minyan, Sisterhood
Shabbat and the Adult B’nai Mitzvah Class.
Sisterhood supports the Center’s children. At the
High Holidays, we provide them with snacks, and
at Purim, we serve Sisterhood-made hamantashen.
Sisterhood raises funds for youth scholarships to
Camp Ramah, USY-on -Wheels, and Israel
pilgrimage. We present sweets to our Consecration
children, candlesticks to B’nai Mitzvah, personalized Bibles to the Confirmation students
and Leagrams for many occasions. We do so because our children are the future of
Judaism.
The Center’s Building Fund benefits annually from our Donor Luncheon. Sisterhood
supports The Jewish Theological Seminary that trains future rabbis, cantors, educators,
and administrators, through the Women’s League Torah Fund Campaign. Benefactors can
be recognized by the beautiful theme pins that are given to each.
Located near the Center’s DuBow-Cohen Lobby,
the Sisterhood Judaica Shop is an ongoing source
of funding for many of our projects, and at the
same time offers a wide selection of religious
articles, Judaic books and lifecycle gifts.
Sisterhood is also there in times of need for
families who have just lost a loved one. Our
volunteers make sure that every mourning family
has at least a basic, first shiva meal upon returning
from the cemetery.
This year, we will be introducing some new programming that will be called Z’havah.
Z’havah is the feminine Hebrew word for “gold,” which is the acronym for Generating
Our Leadership Development. Through Z’havah, we will be reaching out to the younger,
unaffiliated women who may not be interested in the
traditional Sisterhood.
Left to right , top to bottom: Etta Fialkow ,
Phyllis Goldberg , Lara Werwa, Marsha Pollock , Barbara Safer .;
Lita Poehlman, Joanne Rosenberg and Maxine Romo
represented our Sisterhood at the Spring Branch Conference.
During the next two years, it is my desire that
Sisterhood will become “Team Sisterhood,” an
organizational arm of the Center where any woman who
chooses to “get involved” will have an opportunity to
better educate herself, make new friends, raise money
for our endeavors, and support our ongoing projects.
There is no limit to how many teammates we can have,
so I hope that every Center woman will find a way to
take part. Whether it’s baking hamantashen ,
attending a Sisterhood religious service, giving/
attending a Sisterhood book review, coming to our
programs, working on and supporting our fundraising
projects, or just paying dues, there’s something for
everyone. Sisterhood is also open to any Jewish woman
who might not yet be a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
— Etta Fialkow
Etta Fialkow
President
2006-2008
Sisterhood Officers
President
Etta Fialkow
Education VP
Janice Knack
Membership VP
Cindy Silverberg
Ways & Means VP
Lita Poehlman
Program VP
Lara Werwa
Torah Fund VP
Karen Morse
Beth Shorstein
Youth VP
Andy Raitt
Treasurers
Ellen Rosner
Joanne Rosenberg
Financial Secretary
Missy Frisch
Recording Secretary
Elissa Vining
Corresponding Secs.
Marla Lewis
Peggy Organes
Social Secretary
Margaret Rose
Parliamentarian
Wendy Honigman
Nominating Chair
Joanne Rosenberg
