41
Committees and Organizations
2006-07 Center Choir
For over 58 years, the Center Choir has been
enhancing services on the High Holidays and
Shavuot with moving liturgical music. Over the
years, they have given numerous concerts
featuring members of the choir, and nationally
acclaimed soloists. Many of the current
members have been singing with this group
for twenty years or more.
New members are always welcome.
Call Raymond Colien 733-6979.
2006-07 Choir Members include:
Raymond Cohen, President, Lois Gosa,
Debby Kaye, Stevie Levine, Lenny Maiman,
Steve Meisel, Karen Morse, Judy Naftulin
Geller Nevel, Musical Director, David Organes,
Peggy Organes, Rachel Organes, David
Schmerer, Beth Sliorstein, Anita Solomon,
Steve Solomon and Rebecca Zapen.
Jewish Singles
The Jacksonville Jewish Center has continued
to be the coordinating agency in Jacksonville
for singles programming. All Jewish singles are
welcome and invited to be a part of these
groups. No membership is necessary.
Activities vary and aim to include something for
everyone. If you or someone you know is
interested in attending a function, please
contact Rhoda at the Center office.
Membership Committee
Shirley Bielski and Talie Zaifert, co-chairs
The Membership Committee is devoted to providing a
welcoming and friendly atmosphere at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, as well as inviting newcomers to join our
synagogue. All Center members are automatically part of
the Membership Committee and ambassadors of our
congregation. We encourage everyone to get involved in
the many activities we offer. It’s a wonderful way to make
new friends and truly become part of the Center family.
Thank you to all who supported our diverse get-togethers
and family friendly events such as:
Hanukkah Wind Down Wednesday - This adult holiday
celebration began with the traditional Menorah-lighting. A
delicious salmon and latke dinner, cooked by Shirley Bielski,
Marilyn Garber, Wendy Honigman and Barbara Safer was
served and adult
games were
enjoyed by all.
As a mitzvah
project, the group
crafted fifteen
blankets, which
were delivered to
special needs
students at local
elementary
schools by Edith
Horovitz and the Martin J. Gottlieb Middle School students.
SHAS - Shabbat Afternoon at Shul - Activities, in
keeping with the day of rest, were enjoyed by young
families under the leadership of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner.
Sh’ma at Bedtime — Children and their families attended
this delightful evening in their pajamas and slippers and
were treated to bedtime stories and dessert.
Fathers Day Pool Bash —
A brunch, games and swimming made for a wonderful day
for all the families in attendance. The highlight of the day
was the fathers’
“cannonball”
contest.
