erra
A human life is like a single letter in
the alphabet.
It can be meaningless. Or it can be part
of a great meaning.
And we do not want to be meaningless.
I low, then, do we find meaning?
We look, for example, at such things as
power, at money, at the great and special
talents of the artist, the scientist, the
statesman.
And always (no matter who we are) we
see someone who has more power, more
money, more talent than we have.
Do we then say: “His life has more
meaning than mine.”
If we do, we have made a familiar mistake.
We have forgotten the profound democ¬
racy of Creation: that the deepest de¬
lights and the most enduring meanings
of life come from the things all of us are
given, not from what just a few are given.
For all of us are given these things:
1.We have been given ourselves...
we’ve been given life: the edifice of our
body and mind, senses and spirit. No two
of us are alike, yet each of us has the
power to raise himself in the image of God.
2. We have been given power to love...
the gift of sharing ourselves with others,
of belonging to them, of living on in them,
the ability to love and to receive love.
3. We have been given power to serve...
the strength to be great enough to seek
out the needs of others without seeking
reward, to experience the delight which
comes from the act of service itself.
Let us be more specific.
The gift of living . . . Have you ever
discovered the wonder of the sky or the
rhythm of your heart? Have you evqr seen
night pass into day; a smile change a face?
The gift of love . . . Has a child ever
slipped his hand into yours just because
he wanted to walk beside you?
The gift of service . . . Have you ever
been fortunate enough to find tears in your
eyes because someone said “Thank you”
for something you wanted to give him?
w„ do these things delight us so?
They are endless . . . These delights are
creative, each generating further delight
for your days and years. Material pleasures
consume themselves. Gifts of the spirit
renew themselves. This is the paradox of
i
the quest for meaning in life: it is a vessel
which, the more you fill it with beauty,
love and service, the larger it becomes.
They enlarge us ... In the very process
of giving ourselves to these delights, we
grow, we change, become more sensitive,
more alive. To enjoy beauty or to under¬
stand a wise word makes you only more
aware of beauty and wisdom still to come.
They unite us . . . Power, money or even
our talents, when used as ends in them¬
selves, separate us from others. And what
divides us ultimately fails us. But beauty,
love and service bring us closer to others.
They unite us with ourselves and with
the world.
★ ★ ★
These delights are the birthright of each
of us, our birthright and our inheritance.
They are so close to us that often we look
right past them. And often we seek them
where they are not.
Yet they are always waiting for us to
claim them; to take possession of the
gifts of life. They are given to us freely.
And we are always free to reach for them.
And when we do, we find the way to
meaning in our lives . . . and to oneness
with God who endowed all men with these
gifts which endure forever.
“Remember us unto life, 0 King who takes
delight in life, and inscribe us in tha book of
life for Thy sake, 0 living God”*
A message from
Jewish Theological
East Coast
Seminary of America
Fruit Co.
Walter Portnoy — Mrs. Louis Portnoy and Families
2
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
