Synagogue-Center Administration
Blanche Slott
Administrative Director
Inez Achord
Bookkeeper/Controller
(assisted by Jeffery Morris
and Mitchell Perin)
Isabel Balotin
Public Relations/
Fund Raising
Religious Services—Traditional prayer services are held daily, morning and evening in the
Witten Chapel. Friday Family services, Sabbath and Holiday Services are observed throughout
the entire year.
Personal Religious Observances—Traditional Jewish customs are observed in connection
with Circumcision, Naming of Girls, Pidyon Ha-ben, Bar Mitzvah, Bat Mitzvah, Confirmation,
Marriages, Conversion to Judaism, Bereavement.
Education—Daily Kindergarten and Nursery & Day Care with outstanding program of secular
and religious content. Hebrew school, carefully graded with intensive Hebrew content, including
Jewish history and customs, Sunday School for kindergarten, first and second grades: Solomon
Schechter Day School, a graded secular and Hebrew School, 1st through 6th grades; Hebrew
High School with Pre-Jr. and Junior Congregations and Minyanaire.
Extension Services—Library, outstanding collection of juvenile and adult Jewish books;
Adult Education, religious and cultural Jewish courses; music programs of religious and cultural
Jewish music; P.T.A.; Sisterhood, Ha’Rayim, a fellowship of young families; Center Couples Club,
social acitivites provided by Mr. and Mrs. Club, Single Adults; Family Recreation Program,
(Olympic pool), summer weekdays and Sundays for all ages.
Youth Activities—ATID for college age youth; United Synagogue Youth, Kadima, Chalutzim,
Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Girl Scouts, Brownies; Sunday Funday; athletics, programs for youth
and adults; Center Day Camp and summer program at our 36 acre site.
Family Recreation Program—Center Campsite . . . swimming, athletics, snack bar; available
for members during the summer months. Campsite includes olympic-size swimming pool, 2 tennis
courts, baseball, soccer and football fields and playground.
For additional information, call the Center office—268-6737.
Elissa Ziemba
Rabbi’s Secretary
Erda Starling
Asst, to Administrator
Lee Tuck
Y earbook/Secretary
17
