Rabbi’s Message
New Year’s Confession of Faith
I was asked by the Yearbook Committee to prepare a message before I
departed for my summer vacation. But since I am an occasional
procrastinator, I failed to do so before and find myself turning to this task,
only now, as Inge and I sit in an airplane which is winging its way northward
so that we can see the family and spend some time in their surroundings.
At thirty thousand feet the phone does not ring (a luxury we may soon be
losing) and the only other distraction is a crossword puzzle I am working -
and working with arrogant self-confidence - I am using a pen. The first
word definition that challenges me is “confession of faith” which I have
correctly interpreted as “credo” and I find that the question of my own
credo, with the High Holidays looming in the future, is obtruding itself into
my consciousness.
My own situation at the moment, sitting in an airplane flying into the night, carries with it a certain
illumination. Down below, the lights of cities and towns flicker up at me at fitful intervals and I derive a
great deal of comfort from them. There is, after all, a fear of uncertainty deep within me in this situation
and it mounts with the patches of darkness. I would be happier if my path were lit all the way. Even so, I
think, with my life and any life -to live is to be afraid. It would be good to enjoy light all along the path of
life. But even as I must sustain myself here with light interspersed with darkness, so in my own day to day
life - so in my religious life, I must settle for the occasional illumination, for the rare experience, for the
warmth of the moment. But even to get there, I must, as I do in the plane, keep travelling.
Meanwhile, I find that even when the black darkness surrounds the plane, there is a steady light within
the ship. The plane is capable of creating a world of its own within the universe. So, I suppose, the human
soul is able to create its own inscape of light and courage no matter what the surrounding landscape is
like.
I find, too, that I gain comfort from the sound of voices in my ears and from the steady hum of the
engines. So I suppose, we all draw strength from being part of a congregation of people. Perhaps one can
be religious alone; but it certainly helps to have other people who share your life and your situation and
your needs and it is sustaining to hear their voices together with your own.
Most of all, I am impressed with the capacities for faith that I and my fellow passengers enjoy. Our
airplane is guided through the night sky by invisible patterns: the stars, the compass, the radar. I have
faith in them, in the pilot, in the inspectors of the plane, in the man who is guiding our landing. In short, I
have faith in orderly natural processes and in invisible guiding hands. I find it easy to make the transition
to an Invisible Guiding Hand which sustains our universe.
As I consider these musings and the context in which they are taking place I realize that this is what life
is all about...and a fitting message for each of us to consider during these High Holidays as we pass
another milestone in our individual journey -life. We need these days for the moments of illuminating
wisdom and comfort they bring. We need the opportunity to enable the soul to speak to us with its
message of renewal. We need the voices of loved ones and of a congregation to assure us that we do not
travel alone. We need a sense of deeper meaning and purpose to what we know is all of reality - the
“Ground of our Existence” - one theologian called God.
I have been stating a religious credo. I find it easy to make the transition to the final end of any religious
system. It must be translated into acts of affirmation. We are about to land, and I note that without any
premeditation I am engaged in prayer, and so I have come the full circle. Starting with the “confession of
faith” which is “credo” I have naturally arrived at the affirmation of faith which is prayer.
It is a prayer that I also offer on my behalf and on Inge’s behalf that the coming year of 5746 be a sweet
and good, healthy and fulfilling year for you and your loved ones. Amen
Rabbi David Gaffney
15
