President’s Message
You Did It! And I’m Glad!
¡ü
mmm
In Red Skelton’s comic portrayal of the Mean Little Kid, he was often heard to say, “I
did it, and I’m glad.” Well, this past year, it might be better phrased, YOU DID IT! and I’m
glad!
Last year, at High Holiday services, I shared with you the difficult financial posture of
your congregation. I asked that you heed your synagogue’s cry - “SHMA KOLENU” - and
you did just that. m
Your contributions to the SHMA KOLENU APPEAL enabled us to repay our bank loan for the operating fund deficit in its
entirety and to retire outstanding debts to creditors.
Your adoption of my request to promptly meet financial obligations to the Center for membership dues and other charges is
responsible for our ability to maintain the necessary cash flow to stay current with our expenses and remain within the
balanced budget that your Board of Directors provided.
Our healthy financial posture has enabled us to maintain the many and varied programs and services that make us a great
synagogue. And we look forward, please GOD, to the capability of expanding our Center’s horizons in the coming months
without getting into debt.
I want to thank you once again for all your support, ... for your participation in the religious, social and cultural aspects of
the synagogue, for financial support, for voluntarism in so many areas, and for just being the sort of congregants that are
there when we need you. Together we can look forward to a vibrant and exciting New Year for our congregation.
May we go, together from strength to strength!
YOU DID IT! And I’m glad!
Joseph Honigman, M.D.
President
ANNOUNCES NEW FA CILITIES
• Meeting Rooms for 10 • 100 People
* Additional Suites with In-Room Jacuzzi
* Presidential Suite including Wet Bar, Parlor & Jacuzzi
* Available for private parties
ENJOY TENNIS, GOLF, SWIMMING, JOGGING TRAIL
& COMPLIMENTARY CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST
The Inn at Baymeadows
8050 Baymeadows Circle West Jacksonville, Florida 32216
(904) 739-0739
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
21
