njTii
onn^yi
REMEMBER
AND
DO
•Mtioi n *•
Wendy Honigman
Sisterhood President
Jewish Center Sisterhood
The Torah says “Rise up before the hoary head.” This was interpreted
by R. Judah B. Tema (circa 105-200 CE) as “The Age of Sixty.” Our
SISTERHOOD has been honored by the Florida Branch for being
SIXTY. We’d like to acknowledge and thank all those who have
. «r worked so diligently to enable us to reach this milestone. How lucky
]y 07 we are to have lived to see this happy occasion.
This past year we gave a tea at Mt. Carmel to encourage our
members there to participate in all our activities. A Savannah Bus
Safari provided a chance to explore a nearby community. Four of us
represented SISTERHOOD, in November, at the Biennial
Convention of Women’s League at The Concord. We came back
with new ideas, new merchandise for our excellent Judaica Shop and the determination to get new
people involved in every project. At the Jewish Family Living Seminar at Daytona’s Temple Israel we
discussed inter-faith challenges to the nuclear family. Joint Sisterhood at The Temple allowed us time
to learn about the law and visit with friends from other congregations. After long hours of rehearsals,
eight of us headed for Orlando and the Florida Branch Spring Conference where we not only
performed the D-N-A skit but were recognized for 60 years of affiliation and visual techniques.
What did we do at home? Well... we started the year learning about Rosh Hashonah and an
entertaining and informative program on Mikvah; quickly followed by another successful Art Auction.
In October, Rabbis Gaffney and Kentof spoke about the holiday of Sukkot while we busily strung fruit
and vegetables to be hung in the Goldman Sukkah. Marilyn Henry, of the Times Union staff, told of her
experiences as a volunteer in Israel at Paid Up Membership. New members were introduced and
presented with a rose.
This year we tried something new. In cooperation with PTA, SISTERHOOD participated in their
Book Fair while learning about reading disabilities and hearing short reviews of new children’s books.
Some of us got to serve food at Grandparents’ Chanukah.
January means TORAH FUND: 5 guardians and 22 benefactors plus many supporters who buy
Torah Fund cards to support the Jewish Theological Seminary. At Women’s League Shabbat we
honored the memory of our founder Mathilde Schechter and participated in services as well as
sponsoring the Kiddush.
Gene Kornblum did the book review at SISTERHOOD/LIBRARY SHABBAT after the Kiddush we
sponsored. Yum Center made hamentashen to serve at Purim and sell at the Joint Sisterhood
Purim carnival. Music-in-the-Round was a successful attempt to combine Jewish music with a social
evening. The Card Party funds bought new chaffing dishes for the kitchen.
Our Rosh Chodesh service and program paid tribute to Emma Lazarus in this year of restoring the
Statue of Liberty. There were 13 B’nai Mitzvah who participated in their special weekend. Linda
Bressler and Alina Kentof presented a very moving program on the role of the Chevrah Kaddisha in
our community. At DONOR, the ladies who support our pledge to building fund were treated to the
professional production of “Murder at Howard Johnson’s.”
During the year we also engaged in many fund-raising projects: floral arrangements, New Year’s
cards, personalized books, family portraits, calendar. There were special reports on Israel affairs,
Soviet Jewry, and social actions that needed our attention.
Have I forgotten anything? I hope not. I have tried to show you what a busy and varied program your SISTERHOOD has to offer.
SISTERHOOD is people. Women like you and me. Women who have needs, talents and ideas. There really is room for each of us.
Won’t you carve out your little niche? Make a place where you can contribute your unique skills. Y’all come.
May we all be inscribed for a good year - a year of peace ... Shalom
Wendy
OFFICERS 1985-86
President
Wendy Honigman
Vice Presidents
Education
Edith Horovitz
Program
Betty Gray
Membership
Liz Gartner
Ways & Means
Dale Schemer
Youth
Felice Shriftman
Corresponding Secretary
Marlene Bossen
Recording Secretary
Marilyn Garber
Financial Secretary
Kathy Osterer
Social Secretary
Rena Bernard
Treasurer
Merle Selevan
Parliamentarian
Clara Mann
Budget Advisor & Nom.
Com. Ch. - Barbara Safer
VANDROFF INSURANCE AGENCY, INC.
ARNOLD E. VANDROFF STANLEY VANDROFF
Unexcelled Sewice Since 1896
6601 Southpoint Drive E. • Jacksonville, Fla. 32216 • Phone 731-3390
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
35
