Simhat Torah Honorees
The Festival of Sukkot reaches its joyous climax on Simhat Torah, the last day of the Holiday. Simhat Torah is the happiest
holiday on the Jewish calendar because we celebrate our joy and pleasure with the Torah.
Because of Israel’s perennial love of the Torah, it has been referred to in Jewish tradition as Israel’s “bride.” A tradition evolved in
ancient times to honor the individual called for the last reading of the Torah—the Hatan Torah or the groom of the Torah. The
person honored to begin the Torah reading from its beginning is called Hatan Bereshit the groom of Genesis. We also honor a
woman who has made a distinctive contribution to our Synagogue and to Jewish life in general — the Woman of Valor honor. We
honored these individuals at Services on Simhat Torah morning, Friday, October 19.
Abe Fages, Hatan Torah
Abe Fages performs a mitzvah everyday.
Ever since his retirement 6 years ago, he
has attended morning minyan everyday at
r
the Center. He not only goes to pray he very
often leads the services and has acquired the
reputation of “Baal Tefillah” or “master of
prayer.”
A very knowledgeable Jew, Abe can
always relate a conversation to a rabbinic
saying or teaching. He has a very positive
attitude and a friendly and outgoing nature.
Abe has been a respected member of the
religious committee for many years; is a
gabbai at Shabbat services; and is an active
member of Z.O.A. After serving the
Canadian Armed Forces, he was recognized
by the Canadian Jewish Congress for his
distinguished service and leadership.
Our “Hatan Torah” is a man who truly
deserves this honor. His wife, Diane, children
and grandchildren share in this joy.
Jeffery Morris, Hatan Bereshit
In 1977, fresh out of the University of
Florida, Law School, Jeffery Morris and
wife, Robin, decided to return to
Jacksonville...How lucky for us that they did.
Almost immediately they both became
active members of the Center; Robin, as a
member of the Hebrew teaching staff, and
Jeff, on the Finance committee. In a short
time, Jeffery assumed the position of
Treasurer of the congregation, a position he
has held for the last three years.
A Phi Beta Kappa and an editor of the
Univ. of Fla. Law Review, Jeff has always
been one to give each job his very best. He is
continually “on call,” when the Center needs
him, always working diligently to balance the
budget and decrease the deficit.
Although Jeff is modest about his
accomplishments, his family is openly very
proud of his achievements in school, his law
career and the quality of his family life. The
Center, too, is especially proud of this “home
grown” creation of its many educational and
religious programs.
We honor Jeffery Morris as “Bridegroom
of the Beginning,” vibrant, young and
groomed to be a leader.
Rhoda Goldstein, Woman of Valor
If Rhoda Goldstein is not at the Center
attending a meeting, she’s probably helping
her parents; showing a newcomer around
the city; shopping with her children or busy
with some other volunteer activity.
As young marrieds, Rhoda and her
husband, Arthur, became popular youth
advisors of the Charles Palot Youth Group.
As charter members of Ha'Rayim, the Center’s
young couples club, they both were always
quick to share their creative talents. But, it is
in the area of youth and education that
Rhoda “gives her all.” After serving many
years on the Education committee, Rhoda
became its co-chairman, working daily on
perfecting the Center’s educational
programs. Strong-willed and perservering,
Rhoda has firmly represented the high ideals
and goals of the congregation.
Our “Woman of Valor” is a devoted
daughter, helpful mother, and caring wife,
sister and friend. She has been a P.T.A.
president, a Sisterhood Vice-President and
member of many Center committees.
Although her daily life is very hectic, she
manages to always stay calm and collected,
and still finds the time for “everyone.”
Captains
We gratefully acknowledge the following volunteer captains who have enhanced our daily, Shabbat and holiday services.
Torah Captains
Bruce Horovitz, Co-ordinator
Dr. Neil Abramson
Brian Benwick
Larry Bernard
Richard Bernard
Jack Bettman
Joel Bressler
Steve Meisel
Dr. David Mizrahi
Jeffery Morris
Eliot Safer
Usher Captains
Leon Schinasi, Co-ordinator
Robert Bossen
Nathan Krestul
Dave Mazo
Judge Louis Safer
Aaron Scharf
Jack Silverman
Minyan Captains
SUNDAY Philip Selber, a.m.
Nathan Shmunes, Leon Schinasi & Bill Goldberg, p.m.
MONDAY Dr. Nathan Schneider, a.m.
Adam Jacobson, p.m.
TUESDAY Blanche Slott, a.m.
Martin Brauner & Dr. Michael Greenburg, p.m.
WEDNESDAY Dave Mazo, a.m.
Jack Silverman & Barney Margolin, p.m.
THURSDAY Norman Moss, a.m.
Barney Margolin, p.m.
FRIDAY Sonny Sandler, a.m.
29
