Camping in the woods on Shabbat
This year the Center’s young families and youth groups had
several opportunities to experience “Shabbat in the woods' with
Rabbi Dov Kentof. This special program enabled parents, children
and teens to enjoy the beauty of Shabbat in the natural setting of
Goldhead State Park.
Each was a weekend of relaxation, Shabbat joy and services,
and togetherness.
“On November 9 and 10, a small band of parents and their children led by Rabbi Dov and Alina Kentof and their able bodied
assistants, travelled to Goldhead State Park for an overnight Shabbat campout. We began our activities with the Friday night
Shabbat services followed by a family discussion of pertinent issues of Jewish life. Afterwards, Dov arranged a night stalking game
in which parents and their children were left, (not far) in the wilds, to work together and get back to camp before Dov could notice.
Once back in camp, we sat by a warm campfire sitting, talking, and just being together. We all, then, bedded down for the night,
each family in their own tent; father and son, mother and daughter sometimes laying close together to stay warm. Arising early
Saturday morning, we awoke to the smell and warmth of a campfire on a crisp morning. Breakfast was followed by Shabbat
services and a day of hiking through beautiful woods, viewing a 30,000 year old lake, wading through a cold stream with mini¬
waterfalls and deep spots suitable for falling in (which some of the parents and children did.) At the end of the day we went to the
beach and played an Israeli stick game and just enjoyed the fun of being together. We returned to camp for dinner, and as night
began to fall, we had Havdalah services before driving back to civilization.
This experience was unique for me as it was my first time camping with my children. It was a treasured time as we, as a father and
son, worked together, played together, and sang together in a most enjoyable religious family experience. This was truly quality
family time.
I want to take this opportunity to thank Dov and Alina for a most enjoyable weekend; one filled with learning, Jewish life
enrichment, and togetherness with family and friends. I also want to recommend this experience to all of you. I, personally, look
forward to other such outings; to other such valuable family life experiences.
Sheldon J. Kaplan, an appreciative parent”
WAITZ & FRYE
CONSULTING ENGINEERS, INC.
2004 University Blvd., W. Phone 733-4900
41
