OQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
o
o
o
HCLLyWCCD FANTASY
SATURDAY, MAY 11. 198<5
O
O
O
o
o
O OP O O OO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOÓO
Wherever you go someone is talking about the Center’s
Hollywood Fantasy.
Four hundred and twenty-five lucky people enjoyed a
glittering evening of first-class entertainment, delicious food
and fun-Hollywood style.
This successful event did not just happen, it was carefully
planned by Center volunteers and staff. Our thanks to co¬
ordinators, Carla Bernard and Alan Gordon - two very devoted
and hard-working volunteers. Appreciations to Barbara Safer,
Marilyn Garber and Isabel Balotin who worked on every
committee adding their special talents to each one.
We are proud to announce that we surpassed last year’s
ticket sales as a result of the great salesmanship of Hannah
Setzer, Alan Gordon, Carla Bernard, Kenneth Bowden and
Linda DuBow.
Committees:
Food-Liz Gartner, Jo Marks, Jean Shugarman, Cynthia
Goldring, Marlene Bossen, Sandy Shapiro, Rosalie Safer, Lee
Tuck, Pearl Levin, Blanche Slott, Erda Starling and the Center
Catering Staff.
Decorations: Sandi Burman, Ellen Rosner, Randee Steinberg,
June Shenkman, Karen and Scott Zimmerman, Dale Schemer,
Susan Millunchick, Rhoda and Arthur Goldstein.
Donations From Businesses: Pic N’ Save-VCR; Chauffer
Service-Abel Handler; Hair Stylist, Maxine Russo-New York
South; Lighting-Arthur Goldstein, Jax. Electric Co.
Tickets: Design-Peggy Organes; Computer lists-Wendy and
Joe Honigman; Bookkeeping-Inez Achord; Door-Florence
Robin; Stage crew-Lisa Ziemba, Karen Zimmerman, Robin
Morris, Harriet Kaplan, Carla Bernard. Set construction and
booths- Mus Crace and Harold Garber; Makeup-Ina Taffet;
Costumes-Ada Sallick (Shirley Bielski’s mother.)
Winners: Grand Prize - Amy and Lance Helming; Second Prize
- $1,000 - Leah Duhan; $500 each - George Levin, Marc and
Andrew Selevan; VCR - Aaron Scharf; $200 each - Nettye
Yoffe, M.O. Soforenko, Mel Jawitz, Steve Silverman.
Sheldon Gendzier presents grand prize to Amy and Lance Helming.
Their dad, Harlan, bought the lucky ticket.
Carla Bernard Alan Gordon Hannah Setzer
ENTERTAINMENT
(In order of appearance)
Sheldon Gendzier DoOy Parton (Rosalind Gene Kelly (Jack
announces . . . Klein) bubbles from Silverman) sings and
“9-5” dances in the rain
with great gusto.
A1 Jolson (Tim Riley) sings “Swanee”
one more time.
Rodney Dangerfield (Ken
Organes) get the
audience’s respect.
The Supremes (L-R Isabel Balotin,
Arlene Zel and Shirley Bielski) pre¬
sent three exciting Motown Hits.
Ina Taffet watches dress
rehearsal and checks the
stage make-up of the
stars.
Bette Midler (Marilyn
Garber) gives a high-
energy performance.
Marilyn also directed the
entertainment-super job.
Being at the Copa with
Barry Manilow (Danny
Wilensky) is a treat.
Carla Bernard works the
spotlight.
43
