Center Receives Eight Awards
for Outstanding Activities
It is with great pride that we announce the eight awards the
Center received at the Southeast Biennial Convention in
Savannah.
The areas awarded were:
Educational Award - Recognized for the dynamic approach
to open classroom education and quality programs of the
Afternoon School, Hebrew High School and Sunday School.
Youth Program - U.S.Y., Kadima and Chalutzim were
selected for being the most outstanding in the region for their
quality, involvement and innovative programming.
Passover For All - A valuable learning experience whereby
youth people collected money for the Jewish poor of the
community and thus enabled them to partake in a Passover
Seder.
Shabbat Experience Linder the Stars - A camping
program for families of the Center which is used as an enrich¬
ment tool and in turn encourages Shabbat observance.
Education on Wheels - While waiting in carpool lines for
Hebrew class dismissal, parents are handed study sheets on
various Jewish topics.
College Programming - In an effort to “keep in touch” with
our collegians, holiday packages are mailed from the synagogue.
Campus activities and vacation programs are part of this activity.
Grandparents Shabbat - A unique project that involved
grandparents and their families. The event is designed to honor
grandparents. Program includes songs, a booklet of original
poetry and prose and a special presentation.
Congregational Yearbook - The annual was recognized for
its creativity, quality and outstanding income derived from the
advertising.
Wendy and Joe Honigman, Rabbi Dov Kentof, and Sol
Proctor represented the Center; Marsha Pollock represented
Florida Branch.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is grateful to Rabbi David
Gaffney; Rabbi Dov Kentof for his creative and innovative
programs; Esther Fishier and Isabel Balotin; the Center staff and
the many volunteers who made these programs successful.
Compliments
All - Brite Sales Co.
2204 Haines Street
Phone 354-4687
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
49
