Early Childhood Department
School is many things:
it is plunging fingers into sticky clay ... it is the wonderful gooey world
of finger paints ... it is playing games in the big gymnasium and
enjoying time out of doors on the playground ... it is learning to share
... and most of all, it is developing self-confidence, the attitude that “I
can do.”
Your children are carefully provided with many experienced that assure them success. They are guided
by skilled teachers who show warmth and affection to our little ones as their horizons expand beyond home.
Our Pre-School offers a variety of programs for young children. The educational program is based on the
developmental needs of individual children. The basic goals of early childhood education includes
structuring the environment to provide opportunities for children which aid in their physical, emotional and
intellectual growth. The program includes reading readiness, math concepts, science, social studies, motor
development, creative arts and music. Our Pre-School emphasizes fun and meaningful Jewish experiences,
which includes weekly Shabbat programs and holiday celebrations. Our Day Care is designed to nurture the
inquisitive, outgoing spirit in our children in a safe and happy environment. It has proven to be a very
successful part of our program.
Each child in our school is an individual. We also recognize that every family has different needs and
interests. I want to meet every family and child so that together we can find a program that meets the needs
of your child. 1 have an open door policy and you are encouraged to visit at any time.
Marilyn Sandler
Director
Marilyn Sandler
Solomon Schechter
Day School
The Solomon Schechter Day School is committed to excellence in
education. Having a tradition of sound educational principles built over a
twenty-five year period, the school is constantly being evaluated to
assess the quality of its education. Our goal is to produce not just “well
educated” students but the “best educated” students.
Willard Kennedy
This academic year the school is undertaking two projects which will appraise our programs and
determine our future progression.
Dr. Jay Stern, a renowned Judaic educator, has joined our organization as its Judaic Consultant. He will
be working with our staff to determine our objectives for the Judaic Program and designate our curricular
requirements.
In addition, the Secular Studies Program will be in the process of appraisal by the Florida Council of
Independent Schools. We will be conducting a self-study to examine each of our curricular offerings and
their relationship to the total school program. This will be the first time an outside agency has examined the
school for accreditation in the general studies area.
These items were brought to your attention to show that the school is not a stagnant institution but a
growing, learning body that sets goals and meets challenges to provide a scholastic model for our students.
We invite you to join us in this process and share in the vitality of our school.
Willard Kennedy
Principal
