Center Employees Retire
Kenneth Bowden
In 1958, through the efforts of Philip Selber and Jack
Shortstein, Kenneth Bowden assumed the position of
comptroller of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Many of his responsibilities included: Building Fund,
supervision of the cemetery, accounts payable,
transportation and payroll. During his tenure he has seen
a ten fold increase in the budget. Bowden’s greatest
challenge, however, was the sucessful sale of the building
on Third and Silver Streets.
Upon his retirement, this sports enthusiast will now be
able to devote more time to his other avocations - travel
and reading.
“I have always tried to do a good job,” Bowden says,
“which was made easier by the contagious enthusiasm
exhibited by the Center employees and volunteers who
encouraged me to do my very best.”
Deeply devoted to the Center, Kenneth Bowden
leaves with fond memories and sincere wishes for the
Center’s continued well-being.
We wish you, —Kenneth Bowden— only the very
best.
Ode to Esther Fishier
It was the day after your retirement and all through the Center
The office was quiet, no calls from a yenta?
You emptied your desk with reluctance and tears
An accumulation of hard work spanning thirty-three years.
It began with the food program and teaching long ago
But even then you were a “dynamo”
Rabbi Tofield recognized that you were a great go-getter
He said, “Let’s keep this gal here at the Center,
Involve her in finances and advertising
Our income will increase, it won’t be surprising.”
Who now will call for dues collections,
Help in the gift shop with customer selections,
Holiday flowers and Bar Mitzvah invitations,
Yearbook greetings and cash donations?
You did all we’ve mentioned and really much more
A super salesgal with talents galore.
You may be petite, but you really stand tall
You’re a giant among mothers, friends and all.
You did all we’ve mentioned and really much more
A super salesgal with talents galore.
Always remember the Center when you watch the soaps
Play canasta and tell your jokes
You know that we’ll miss you, it won’t be the same
Esther, we love you,
You’re one heck of a dame!!
Sisterhood
Gift Shop
Shop the Sisterhood
Gift Shop For
gifts of lasting value.
Open Daily - 9-5
Sundays - 10-12
Located in the Center Lobby
119
