Cub Scout Pack 14
Cub Scouts is the phase of Boy Scouts that
includes boys 8, 9 & 10 years of age. The purpose
of this program is to develop good character and
encourage spiritual growth, good citizenship, good
sportsmanship, comraderie with other boys, and a
sense of personal achievement.
Pack 14 had five very successful and rewarding
dens who met weekly under the guidance of
volunteer leaders. Once a month the whole pack
and their families met for such activities as:
Pinewood Derby, Scout Sabbath, Blue and Gold
Banquet, a campout and guest speakers. At these
meetings the boys shared their den accomplish¬
ments, put on skits, and were ceremoniously given
badges they earned.
The success of Cub Scouts depends on adult
support and involvement. Please call if you can
help. A very special thank you to Lanny
Zimmerman for all his help, guidance and
understanding.
Happy Scouting,
Carole Goldberg
Den 1-Leaders-Sue Ann
Blumenthal and Brenda
Albert. Todd Blumenthal,
Michael Albert, Hollis Roth,
Kyle Steinfeld, Morry Safer,
Todd Wahnish, Aron
Greenburg, Steven Sacks.
Den 4: Leaders-Arden White¬
hurst & Diane Boren. Todd
Whitehurst, Matthew Newton,
Solimán Salem, Bill Boren,
Christopher Van Cleef, Mark
Griffey, Deiallo Stringer.
Den 3: Leaders-Kay & Bill
Johnson. Daniel Johnson,
Paul Stevens, Brad Harvin,
Andy Ussach, Joel Hurst, Lee
Chastain, Lance Greeson.
Den 5: Leader-Merle
Gallagher. Adam Gallagher,
Ben Hetzel, Michael Garber,
Daniel Schott, Jay Goldstein,
Jeffrey Snitzer, Roosevelt
Marrell.
Den 2-Webelos: Leaders
Charlie Schott & James Kling.
Bryan Amerling, Donnie
Kling, Jeff Johnson, David
Goldberg, Aaron Gottlieb,
David Schott.
Pack Committee: Lanny Zimmerman-Cubmaster, Carole Goldberg, Chris Amerling, Steve Albert, Anne DePaul
Boy Scout Troop 14
Troop 14 enjoyed another banner year as the Scouting movement celebrated its Diamond Anniversary in America.
A highlight of the year was Troop 14 s participation at the nationally acclaimed Scout World attended by nearly 100,000 scouts
and visitors. Testing their skills against those of hundreds of competing troops, Troop 14 captured the coveted Admirals
Camping Award and a second place for the Troop’s public display. Among the many scintillating sights and activities of Scout
World, the scouts awoke to the aerial display of over 100 colorful, hot air balloons filling the sky on the morning of their departure.
Ginnie Springs Campgrounds continued to be a favorite camping spot. Troop 14 twice visited the campgrounds to enjoy this
natural treasure. Camping alongside beautiful, clear Dogwood Springs,the Troop found time to float down the Sante Fe River and
explore the many springs along its shores.
Other popular camping spots to which Troop 14 returned were Camp Echockotee, Oleano State Park and Disney Worlds
Fort Wilderness.
The Troop capped its outdoor season by sending eight members to a week of summer fun at Boy Scout Camp Shands. The
group, comprised of Sean Usoff, Seth Rothstein, Michael Weitzen, Adam DePaul, Life Wilensky, Brian Drucker, Marc Gentry
and Michael Walsh, garnered top awards at summer camp.
Other highlights of the year past included a visit from a NASA representative, a Sierra Club presentation and other fine
programs. The crowning touches for the year were the annual Blue & Gold Banquet and the memorable Scout Sabbath.
Boy Scouts Troop 14 continues to be a program of fun, adventure and personal growth for Center youth ages 11-18. While
changing to meet the interest of modern youth, Scouting still holds to the fundamental values which will benefit its youth for life.
143
