Summer Programs
United Synagogue of America offers varied summer programs for youth of all ages. Many of our Center youth participated in
these programs.
U.S.Y. Pilgrimage
USY ISRAEL PILGRIMAGE is a six week program
serving over five hundred USYers and staff members.
Included in this trip are touring, classes, and the chance to
spend time with one of the Mesorati (Conservative)
Synagogues in Israel. The staff consists of outstanding
Rabbis, Jewish educators, and youth workers from the
United States, Canada, and Israel. Participants: Cindy
Goldstein, Michael Lublin, Karen Manasse, Laura Zel.
Manya and David Lazarus prepare to board plane for “Wheels”
program.
U.S.Y. On Wheels
USY ON WHEELS is a six and one half week bus tour
across the United States and Canada, with nearly two
hundred USYers participating in a program of intensive
Jewish living and learning. An integral aspect of the
WHEELS program is “Home Hospitality” in which
Conservative Congregations host the Wheelniks in their
homes. About 25% of the summer is spent in “Home
Hospitality”. The balance of the nights are spent in hotel and
motels. Each group of forty-five USYers travels with four
staff members who are experienced both as educators and
youth leaders. A luxurious, air-conditioned, chartered bus,
driven by a professional bus driver, is the “second home”
for WHEELniks during this great summer experience.
Among the places visited by WHEELS from coast to coast
are Disneyland, the Grand Canyon, Mount Rushmore, and
major cities, such as Los Angeles, San Francisco, Dallas and
Washington, D.C.
Participants: Manya and Davis Lazarus and Alyse Slaff.
i? A '>.
. v*
ahc v
r* V-viVruom
twvVrXui-K
COHiUMC0
%
CAMP RAMAH
Adds a New Dimension
to Your Child’s Growth as a Jew
Camp Ramah provides the opportunity of a total Jewish living experience for children and teenagers in the
relaxed atmosphere of a summer camp. Values built on a shared experience and emotion reach our sons and
daughters in a manner impossible in a formal school program. Over the years, RAMAH has helped instill a deeper
commitment to Judaism in many of its participants.
The Center believes that benefits accrue to the congregation, not just to the individual. We have therefore made
monies available to reduce the financial cost of qualified students regardless of need. These monies are not part of
the regular Center budget, but rather are raised by donations to the Myra Thier Lazarus Ramah Fund, and
Sisterhood, and from other sources.
Two families have helped us greatly. The Gordon Family has established a scholarship fund in memory of the
beloved Robert J. Gordon. A long list of deserving boys and girls have been able to go to Ramah because of this
scholarship. Abe Selber established in his will a perpetual trust for specific Jewish education purposes. With the full
support of his children, Iris and Franklin, who have never lost interest in the Center, the proceeds of the Abe
Selber Trust have been used to send campers to Ramah.
Ramah Campers: Cheryl Bossen, Aron, Beth and Laura Greenburg, Sean Gibson, Judy Jacobson, Burton Katz,
Tali Kentof, Steven Shapiro, Paulette Schwab, Rachel Thaler.
Our appreciation to Horty Gendzier, who has worked so diligently to coordinate this very worthwhile
program.
Brownies and Girl Scouts
For many years, the Center Sisterhood has actively sponsored the Brownie and Girl Scout
Troops of the Jacksonville Jewish Center. Scouting is a very important phase of the youth
program in the Center. It helps develop character, usefulness at home, appreciation of nature
and the out-of-doors, creation of objects of beauty and usefulness from simple things, and it
helps these young people to find their places in the synagogue and community through
service.
Under the able guidance of Mrs. Clara Mann, the entire Brownie and Girl Scout program
provides all of these opportunities for our young women of tomorrow. For further
information, please call Mrs. Mann.
142
