Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge
The Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge was made possible
through the generosity of the Louis Portnoy family. This well-
equipped and well-designed facility is used to serve the needs
of the youth of our congregation and the Jewish youth of the
entire community. It is the central location for formal
meetings, programs and activities. It also serves as a
synagogue for youth services.
Equipped with all sorts of games, such as pinball machines,
foozball, bumper pool, electronic and board games, the youth
lounge has something for everyone.
Gordon - Hecht
Robert J. Gordon
Bossen Education Center
Isadore Hecht Morris W. Bossen
//e ^íoe/i/e/4
áte Á&/1&/4 ^,/váe/ice
^yVt '/ie/ee/i Au/is/seaf a/is/
a.m.
Q^eafoa/ton
A person’s span on earth is brief. We do not write our names in sand . . . rather we carve them in granite ... linking them with enduring causes
and institutions that have significance, and open stores of inner beauty for those who follow. What better . .. more permanent, more useful place
to perpetuate a name than within the dignified setting of our Synagogue - Center and within the hearts of the children of future generations.
Following Shabbat services on October 13, The Gordon-Hecht-Bossen Education Center was dedicated. Named in memory of the late Robert
J. Gordon, Isadore Hecht and Morris Bossen, this eastern wing of the Jacksonville Jewish Center houses the: Solomon Schechter Day School,
Nursery School, Henry Kramer Library and Resource Center, Selevan Computer Room and Neal F. Portnoy Youth Lounge.
Robert J. Gordon will be remembered for his outstanding dedication to the Center’s Building Fund; his financial genius and refinement. His
wife Lillian; his sons, Samuel and Alan, and his grandchildren remember him fondly.
Isadore Hecht, a self-made man, highly respected in the business world, encouraged his family to support Jewish education. Remembering
him are his wife, Florence; his children, Isabel Andur, David Hecht and Barbara Havenick and grandchildren.
Morris Bossen was a devoted, hard-working family man, honest and unassuming, who lived by his own “Golden Rule.” His wife, Sarah, sons,
Robert, Paul and Edward and daughter, Judy Brantly, and grandchildren remember him with affection.
Members of the families participated in the services. The congregation enjoyed a kiddush reception in the Goldman Sukkah.
152
