Jacksonville Jewisíi ^Federatiori
President:
Aaron Scharf
1st Vice President
Lois Chepenik
2nd Vice President
Elliot Zisser
Secretary
Judy Silverman
Treasurer
Matthew Edelman
Immediate Past President
David Robbins
The Jacksonville Community Council was founded in 1935 and
became the Jacksonville Jewish Federation in 1979. This year we
are celebrating our 50th anniversary and are continuing to serve
the Jewish community in a variety of ways.
On June 5, 1983 we moved into our new building at 10829 Old
St. Augustine Road. The Jacksonville Jewish Federation is the
central fundraising, planning, budgeting and coordinating agency
for the Jewish community. Annually the Federation coordinates
and funds the annual Yom Hashoah Observance (Holocaust
Remembrance Program) and Yom Ha’atzmaut Celebration (Israel
Independence Day) programs in cooperation with our synagogues.
The major function of the Federation is to conduct the Annual
U.J.A./Federation Campaign which raises funds for local, national
and overseas Jewish obligations. The major beneficiary of this
fundraising effort is the United Jewish Appeal. Our local
beneficiaries are River Garden Hebrew Home for the Aged, Jewish
Family & Community Services and the Kosher Nutrition Program.
The Federation also has a very active Women’s Division and is in
the process of implementing a Leadership Development Program.
The Federation also publishes the Commentator, our monthly
newspaper, which covers local, national and international issues of
Jewish interest.
STAFF:
Louis B. Solomon - Executive Vice-President
Isaac Lakritz - Assistant Director
Rabbi Yitzchok Adler
Cindy Aronsohn
Charles Berman
Jack Coleman
Ida Drayman
Dr. Ron Elinoff
David Epstein
Sam Friedlander
Rabbi David Gaffney
Mark Green
Rabbi Howard Greenstein
Milton Hecht
BOARD
Leslie Held
Irene Jaffa
Sheri Jaffa
Rabbi Harold Jaye
Michael Korn
Joanne Ledoyen
Joan Levin
Michael Lissner
Evelyn Moskovitz
Herb Plotkin
Sol Proctor
Joe P. Safer
Dr. Michael Safer
Dr. David Sail
Bernard Shainbrown
Dr. Sheldon Singal
Anita Warschoff
Bruce Warschoff
Dennis Wolfson
Lesley Wolfson
Evan Yegelwel
Cathy Yergin
Barry Zisser
Jewish Family and Community
Services
Jewish Family and Community Services serves people just like OFFICERS
you! President M.H. Levine
What a fabulous year we’ve had with your help! Vice Pres Ben Carlin
Requests for services increased dramatically. We provided over David Epstein
8,000 units of service in 1984. Beverly Goldstein
We’re continuing to add new programs such as: Career Barbara Hunter
Shadowing for Teens, Jewish Family Life Education programs for Jeff Mazo
teens and families of pre-schoolers, and a new recreational group David Selin
for younger seniors, “Going Places.” Martin Wolf
More exciting has been the opening of our new satellite facility in Med. Director Morris Price, M.D.
Mt. Carmel, to better serve our seniors. M.H. Director Milton Mann, M.D.
We’re growing all the time and our main goal is to serve you. Treasurer Norman Moss
Your Agency stands ready to meet your needs. Asst. Treasurer Richard Axelberg
We wish you Health and Happiness for a New Year.
Iris T. Young
Executive Director & JFCS Staff
167
