MICHAEL M. GREENBURG, DMD, President
ELLIOTT PALEVSKY, MA, Executive Director
MARTIN A. GOETZ, MS, MPA, Associate Administrator
Hebrew Home for the Aged
River Garden
Holding Company
Herman Paul
President
Arthur Gutman
Vice President
Martin Gutkin
Treasurer
Peter Winterfield
Secretary
Elliott Palevsky, MA
Executive Director
The River Garden Family extends its wishes for a Shana Tova to the entire Jacksonville Jewish
Community.
We take pride upon entering our 40th year of service, which has enriched the quality of Jewish
and family life in Jacksonville.
We work hard to keep River Garden a caring community, with programs of long term and short
term rehabilitative care, nationally recognized for their excellence.
We are excited about the future and plans to develop a comprehensive, gracious residential and
service campus in Mandarin.
We are inspired by our rich Jewish ethical and religious tradition, as we try to give concrete
expression to its lofty ideals through daily acts of caring, decency, and community responsibility.
We deeply appreciate the friendship and support of the many who join with us as Trustees,
Auxiliary Members, Volunteers, and Donors, assuring that River Garden remains a true
expression of community will, responding to the varied needs of the individuals and families who
comprise the community.
LET US TOGETHER SHARE A NEW YEAR OF ACCOMPLISHMENT, HEALTH
AND PEACE.
River Garden Hebrew
Home for the Aged
Michael M. Greenburg, DMD
President
Judge Harvey Schlesinger
Secretary
Martin Wolf
Treasurer
Lee Horovitz
Vice President-
Chairman of Martin A. Goetz, MS, MPA
Admissions Board Administrator
River Garden
Auxiliary
River Garden Auxiliary continues its tradition of assisting the Home’s board of
directors in providing an enriching environment for senior citizens no longer able to live
alone.
The auxiliary sponsors an active Volunteer Program, with volunteers providing
thousands of hours of service to residents each year, including friendly visiting, leading
small group discussions, assisting in the hobby shop, and accompanying residents on
field trips.
The auxiliary plans and sponsors special parties for residents, including Chanukah,
Purim, and Mother’s and Father’s Day celebrations. The organization also sponsors the
“Lunch Bunch,” in which residents journey to different area restaurants each month.
A primary goal of the auxiliary is to help fund some of the extra-budgetary needs of
River Garden. Funds are raised through the Annual Tombola, the Fifth Commandment
plaque, donors, dues, and life membership fees.
The auxiliary has provided “service with a heart” for over 60 years. We welcome your
involvement in our many activities, and wish you and your family a New Year filled with
peace, health and happiness.
Ginette Mizrahi
President
Fund-Raising Vice Pres. Judy Price
Service Coordinator
Vice President Rhoda Goldstein
Membership Vice Pres.Ruth Slutzah
General Treasurer .... Dora Katz
Financial Secretary Rose Tuckman
Recording Secretary . Emily Kaplan
Corr. Sec Frances Janofsky
171
