íJj/ie '/IhmtU (€a/mie¿ ^fkt/ulemA iMb&cciatum
5846 Mt. Carmel Terrace, Jacksonville, Florida 32216
OFFICERS 1985 - 1986
President Henrietta Diveto
1st Vice President Charlotte Blood
2nd Vice President Mollie Hollander
Recording Secretary Mildred Shafner
Corresponding Secretary Pauline Schemer
Treasurer Cecil Tyner
Seniors who are fortunate enough to be residents of Mt. Carmel Gardens are convinced that there is no finer place to live. When
the time has come for you to enter a new phase of your life and really start living, Mt. Carmel has all the answers.
The physical aspect of our building is breath taking. A 17 story highrise with 208 beautifully equipped apartments and the lower
floor devoted to Offices, Auditorium, Kitchens (including a Kosher Kitchen), Ceramics Room, Rec Room, Library and
Maintenance.
Practically everything you could ever need is here - the Community Kosher Nutrition Program serves a delicious nutritious lunch
5 days a week with frozen dinners available for weekends and holidays. Sam Friedlander, Jewish Family and Community Services
in his office three days a week to counsel and assist with any problems we might have. A 24 hour total Security System is in effect
here with an emergency alarm in every apartment connected to the Master Board at the desk. When the alarm is sounded
immediate help is available with Oxygen and Rescue on the way. With this service at the desk, you know help is there if and when
you need it.
Then too we have our Administrator, Charles Caplan, whose door is always open for us, together with Margaret Iovito they form
an unbeatable team. We have our Grievance Committee to handle any problems we might have. Comprised of Tenants - Mary
Foor, Chairman, Abe Sugarman, George Berkowitz, Mildred Shafner, Dorothy Levine, Buddy Wood and Mollie Hollander they
work with the Mt. Carmel Board of Directors to see that the problem is solved. We have our own Bus Corporation leasing buses to
take us where we want to go, established in 1981.
Our Podiatrist, Steven Merritt, M.D., is with us on the 1st and 3rd Friday of each month. Mt. Carmel Chapter of AARP #3350
meets here on the 2nd Wednesday of every month, and the Jewish War Veterans and their Auxiliary meet here on the 2nd
Thursday this making it easy for us to attend these very important meetings.
Jewish Family and Community Services has a Discussion Group twice monthly where everything under the sun is discussed.
They also take us out on field trips, movies, etc., frequently.
We have our own kiln for Ceramics and a class once a week, we also have a creative Needlework class weekly and Bingo open to
the Senior Community every Monday night at 7:30 P.M. Add our Choral Group from Florida Junior College taught by Jim Jarrard
and you will see we have a very full schedule.
We also enjoy a very close alliance with Mayor Godbold. As his guests we attend everything the City has to offer in the field of
entertainment from football games to concerts to fishing both on the Pier and at Hanna Park.
Our Shuffle Board Court and Horse Shoes are very popular. Parties abound with a birthday party on the last Thursday of every
month, a dance with bands furnished by the Musicians Performance Trust Fund, Musicians Local 444 and lots of other
entertainment. So - in other words, if you gotta grow old, Jacksonville is the place to do it in and Mt. Carmel is THE place to live
while you are doing it. It is indeed the place to g©*jwhen you’re really ready to start living.
KINGS X-RAY SUPPLY CORP.
X-RAY EQUIPMENT SALES & SERVICE
Raytheon
SOUTHEAST WATS 800-874-4403
FLORIDA WATS 800-342-8500
Bennett, Universal
LOCAL 904-398-7309
FILM PROCESSOR SALES, SERVICE & CLEANING
2627 Spring Park Road / Jacksonville, Florida 32207
KODAK, PAKO, SAKURA
Glen Green
SUPPLIES
&
Dupont, 3-M, Gevaert, Konica, Kodak
Don King
Owners
All Accessory Items
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
175
