Officers
President Dottie Shlafer
VP Public Affairs/Community Serv Dale Strok
VP Administration Judi Greenhut
VP Membership Sandy Oasis
VP Program Anita Teitelbaum
Treasurer Pat Ennis
Recording Secretary Sue Elinoff
Financial Secretary Laura Osofsky
Corresponding Secretary Carole Sinoff
National Council of Jewish Women
Nine Decades of Achievement
The National Council of Jewish Women is the nation’s oldest women’s volunteer organization. Since its birth in 1893 NCJW has
been characterized by a dedication to serving humanity and advancing the heritage of Judaism.
Today more than 100,000 members organized into over 200 Sections and Branches nationwide, continue a tradition of
community action and advocacy, focusing their attention on the priority areas of AGING, CHILDREN AND YOUTH, WOMEN’S
ISSUES, JEWISH LIFE AND ISRAEL, CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS.
The Jacksonville Section is currently involved in projects that include an annual Mental Health Forum, the Art Enrichment
program in the elementary schools, Pre-school vision screening programming for the Nutrition Center at Mt. Carmel, delivery of
kosher Meals-on-wheels. PACE program, “practical & cultural education for dependent girls.”
Through a coordinated program of education, service, advocacy and social action, NCJW works in the Jewish and general
communities locally, nationally, and internationally.
The major thrust of NCJW’s activities in Israel has been to aid in the development of Israel’s children, its most precious resource.
NCJW seeks members of all ages and interests.
For more information, please contact Sandy Oasis, 268-7414.
Women’s American Ort
In the 1980’s ORT continues to confront the challenges posed by high technology
developments. Students at ORT schools throughout the Jewish World are being
educated in the increasingly complex and sophisticated technologies of the future, within
the framework of a Jewish educational environment. At ORT schools students acquire
top-flight training in the high technology fields of the future and an appreciation of the
priceless Jewish heritage of the past. These two emphases complement one another and
ORT’s commitment to both quality technical training and to Jewish identity is firm and
unshakable.
We have been outstanding in our vigorous advocacy in the field of education, encompassing quality public education and the
career education concept; we are helping vocational education to advance. In many states, Women’s American ORT is
spearheading the drive for more viable education policies.
Locally, Jacksonville Women’s American ORT was instrumental in bringing about the Coalition of Industry and Concerned
Citizens for Vocational Education to help alleviate the problems of vocational education students inadvertently caused by the
Raise Bill. As a result of the efforts of the Coalition, scheduling was worked out so that students in the Skills Centers were not
forced to drop the vocational courses.
Groups meet mornings, afternoons and evenings. For information call Clara Mann 733-6472.
Area Council Officers
President Clara Mann
Vice Presidents Lee Hoppen
Allyson Newman
Debbie Schlackman
Financial Secretary Robbie Knieberg
Treasurer Naomi Miller
Recording Secretary Gertrude Kramer
Paliamentarian Bonnie Hardy
Ort Chapters & Presidents
Afternoon Ort Marjorie Stone
Bold City Wendy Efron & Nancy Kullman
Riverfront Lynda Hartnig & Marcy Silverton
Other Chapters: Evening & Seaside
174
