Zionist Organization of America
Jacksonville District
The Zionist Organization of America, Jacksonville District, has had one of its most successful years ever. It has been our custom
for over thirty years to sponsor a Jewish National Fund function in order to plant trees in Israel. Our usual goal, which we always
met, until recent years was 1000 trees. On three occasions we planted 2000 trees and in the past year, for the first time, we planted
5000 trees honoring the Safer-Witten-Falis family. Our local district also sponsored a trip to Israel this year in which we inspected all
ZOA projects and some JNF ones. As usual, however, our most important function is support of our national organization which
has not only been very effective through the years in mobilizing support for Israel in our government but is one of the few Zionist
organizations with a constituency and whose entire agenda is the promotion of Israel.
President Milton B. Mann, M.D.
Chairman of the Board Alan Taffet
Vice Presidents:
Membership Lillian Meizlik
Public Relations Ina Taffet
Programming.... Joseph Honigman, M.D.
Projects Emanuel Ehrlich
Education Anne Shmunes
Recording Secretary Wendy Honigman
Corresponding Sec Clara Mae Mann
Treasurer Joel Bressler
Board Members: Jack Becker, Laurie
Benwick, Abe Fages, David Goodman, Cantor
A. Marton, Bess Rothstein, Hyman Selber,
Leonard Selber and Nathan Shmunes.
Safer - Witten - Falis Families
ZOA/MASADA Scholarship Program
Jacksonville District ZOA announces the ZOA/MASADA Scholarship Fund. There will be two $1,000 scholarships
awarded to students of the Jacksonville community. The recipients may choose from the many Masada Youth
Programs in Israel. These programs provide a six week tour of Israel: exploring from the Galilee to the Gulf of Eilat.
The applicants must submit an essay on an assigned topic and then be interviewed by the scholarship committee.
For an application, please call Ina Taffet at 737-7848.
B’nai B’rith, an international service organization founded in
1843, united world Jewry for the advancement of the Jewish
people and helps create a better world for all people. The
needs of the world are great and B’nai B’rith sets an example
to follow. Whether those needs be providing for the poor,
caring for the aged, visiting the sick or incarcerated,
supporting science and art, programming for youth, assisting
victims of natural disasters, making sure Israel lives, or
elevating the mental and moral character of the people of our
faith, B’nai B’rith is more than just a concept, it is living
experience whose resource is people. This vast resource —
people — are giving of themselves to help create an
atmosphere of compassion and understanding. B’nai B’rith is
an organization that opens its arms to all Jewish people and
lets those people gain honor, dignity and authenticity through
programs of educational value, awareness and action.
B’nai
B’rith
ISRAEL KAPLAN LODGE #800
6161 Phillips Highway • Jacksonville, Florida 32216 U.S.A.
(904) 731-3406
Donald Sampson, President
Stuart Hecht, Vice-President
Harry Nestler, Vice-President
Milton Hecht, Treasurer & Financial Secr’y
177
