Mr. & Mrs. Club
OFFICERS: President-Meyer Caplan (Bea) Vice Pres.-David
Mazo (Hilda) Treasurer-Mrs. Helen Avchin Recording
Secretary-Mrs. Sada Freedman Corresponding Secretari¬
es. Rose Lieberman.
BOARD MEMBERS: Archie Boatright (Ella), Louis Kaplan
(Emily), Sam Taxier (Sue), Leanard Weinberg (Jean), Hugh
Schulman (Gloria), Ex Officer-Sam Friedman (Sue).
The Mr. & Mrs. Club is a Jewish Social Club for married couples. It has been a new and revitalized year of
growth and activities. Our affairs are held every third Saturday night of the month to a live band, entertainment,
and refreshments at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The very reasonable dues structure encompasses entertainment of enjoyable quality, meeting and making
new friends every month, and having a truly Gala affair on New Years Eve (at no extra charge). These activities
are unparallelled in any local Jewish social group.
Try us, you will like us. Come visit us one month and you will be sure to join!! Call Rose Lieberman at 725-5622
and be our guest for one night.
Jewish War Veterans
Lt. Meyer Leibovitz Post 199, Jacksonville, Florida
1985-86 Officers
Membership: Commander-Hugh Schulman
Meyer Caplan-744-2607 Sr. Vice Commander-John Perin
Jr. Vice Commander-Willie Rosenblatt
Hugh Schulman-743-3954 Jr. Vice Commander-Jack Sentler
Judge Advocate-Judge Sam Konefsky
Adjutant-Marcus Grebler
Quartermaster-Myer Caplan
Chaplain-Sidney X. Cohen
Historian-Emanuel Ehrlich
This past year has been a year of growth for the J.W.V.; both in
membership and in activities. We edged out the Orlando Post for the
second straight year in a total membership count. This makes us the
largest Post in the North Central Florida District. Our Post spoke out on
many important issues in the newspapers and on T.V. The issues ranged
from anti-semitism, the President’s misdirected trip to Germany, to the
School Board’s omitting Veterans Day from its calendar year.
Commander Schulman was acknowledged in print and on T.V.
regarding the joint No. Florida Veterans Council at the School Board
meeting with its members flooding the room.
We continued our welcomed trips to the Veterans hospitals to
Gainesville and Lake City. In appreciation for our efforts, along with our
Ladies’ Auxiliary, we were presented certificates of appreciation.
Our participation in the Special Olympics and the Jerry Lewis
Muscular Dystrophy Telethon were most rewarding. We care about
Judaism, our community, and our Country. Come join us.
OFFICERS: Left to right - Willie
Rosenblatt, Hugh Shulman, Jack
Sentler, John Perin.
