Progressive Credit Union
The Progressive Credit Union launched a
successful public relations campaign under the
direction of Jean L. Benjamin. The purpose was to
increase the membership of this worthy
organization which was organized in 1940 to provide
financial services for deserving persons of the
Jewish faith.
At the annual meeting held January 31, 1985 at
the Jacksonville Jewish Center, the Credit Union
announced 9% on share balances at year end from
individual earnings.
The Progressive Credit Union offers low cost
auto loans, life insurance up to $2,000, credit life
insurance on loans and an annual dinner meeting.
The Progressive Credit Union is an excellent
opportunity to build up a credit record.
The office is located at 445 St. James Building.
The details for membership may also be obtained by
calling 354-4770.
B’nai B’rith Youth Organization
B’nai B’rith Youth Organization is made up of teens
between the ages of 13 to 17 with the only requirement for
membership is that one parent is Jewish. This umbrella
group of all sects of Judaism encompasses programs of
culture, heritage, socials, leadership and community service.
This past year, BBYO had a Swim Membership Party,
Out of town sleepovers, a Hannukah Party, Council and
Regional conventions, a Spaghetti Dinner Fundraiser, a
Speaker Series, a day at Hubbard House (for battered
women and children) and an end of the year beach party.
Our officers for this year are: AZA (males) Pres.-Mike
Lublin, 1st Vice-Mike Freedman, 2nd Vice-Mike Young,
Secretary-David Furman, Treasurer-Brian Klein, Sergeant-
at-Arms-Steve Overstreet, and Editor-Howard Teitelbaum.
BBG (females) officers are: President-Julie Maass, 1st
Vice-Jami Goldfarb, 2nd Vice-Michelle Elinoff, Secretary-
Jani Brodesky, Treasurer-Jamey Reader, Sergeant-at-Arms-
Lori Fruit, and Parliamentarian-Ellen Goldring.
You can join BBYO by calling Mike Young at 268-3570 or
Michelle Elinoff at 733-6187.
1985 Officers
Chairman of Board: Moe B. Safer, President:
Herman Paul, Vice President: Jean I. Benjamin,
Secretary: Harlan D. Helming, Treasurer: Joseph
Cohen, Board Members: Dave Gradman, Bill
Goldberg, Jordan Ansbacher, Credit Committee:
Irwin Gendzier, Chairman, Milton Hecht, Herman
Gelman, Supervisory Committee: Robert L.
Jacobs, Steve Meisel, Richard Miller, Associate
Board Members: Edwin Presser, Rick Bernard,
Wallace Rubenstein, Ann Rubenstein, Stuart Hecht,
Anne Mattes, Minnie Schreiber.
Jewish Women’s Bowling
The Jewish Women’s Bowling League bowls every
Tuesday morning.
Why don’t you join us for a morning of fun and exercise?
Please call Tootsie Backer at 737-0785 or 737-6139.
Jewish Men’s Bowling
The Jewish Men’s Bowling League is the second oldest in
Jacksonville.
Jewish men of all ages are invited to join for the Fall ’85
season. Bowling takes place at the Plaza Lanes on Arlington
Expressway on Monday evenings, 6:45 - 9:00. Call Steve
Solomon at 743-0785.
179
