Jacksonville Hevrah Kaddisha
The Jewish way of death is one part of a philosophy of life in which all people are endowed with dignity and given respect. Even
after death, the body which once held a human soul retains its sanctity. Our sages have compared a corpse to an impaired Torah
scroll which, although no longer usuable, retains its holiness.
Tradition dictates that from the moment of death until burial, the body of the deceased must be attended by ashomer, a guard.
The importance of this mitzvah, is emphasized by the fact that the shomer is relieved of all other religious obligations during his
watch.
The body should be buried as soon as possible, usually within one day, except on the Sabbath; recent traditional practice allows
slight delays if a close relative or friend must travel long distances to attend the funeral.
Before burial, the body is to be cleansed by tahara, ritual washing.
The body is then dressed in tachrichim; clean, simple, white, handmade shrouds. Close to two thousand years ago, Rabban
Gamliel noted that the rich were buried in ostentatious clothing, which embarrassed the poor who could not afford them; he
insisted that he be buried in plan linen shrouds, and the custom became a central symbol of the egalitarianism of Jewish burial
practice.
The use of the plainest wooden coffin is required—to maintain the sense of equality in death and to follow the principle: “Dust
you are and unto dust you shall return.” The coffin must be made entirely of wood and must not retard the natural decomposition
of the body.
Since burial must be prompt, there should be no public viewing of the body, nor should there be embalming or cosmetic work
which are regarded as mutiliation and desecration. Today, embalming is only permitted by Jewish law in those instances when it is
required by civil law. Cremation, regarded as a total desecration is not permitted.
These traditions have been supervised in Jewish communities by a chevra kadisha—sacred society—which consists of
volunteers who aid the bereaved and ensure that law and custom are followed. Assisting in the preparation and burial of the body
is a highly valued mitzva and is considered a chesed shel emet, an act of kindness performed without ulterior motive, because the
dead cannot repay this act of kindness. Membership in a chevra kadisha has always been considered an honor, bestowed upon
the pious of the community. The Jacksonville community is fortunate to have a functioning Chevra Kaddisha active since 1974.
The members perform the necessary tasks on a rotating basis in committees of two men or two women. New members are
welcome and needed to continue these services important to our fellow Jews.
For further information call Joel Bressler at 733-4400.
Affiliated with United Synagogue of America
The United Synagogue of America, founded in 1913 by Solomon Schechter, is the association of
more than 830 Conservative congregations in the United States and Canada. It functions through
commissions, departments and constituent organizations, and maintains regional offices in many cities
throughout the United States and Canada. The United Synagogue co-ordinates its program with The
Jewish Theological Seminary of America and the Rabbinical Assembly and is a constituent member of
the World Council of Synagogues.
OBJECTIVES: “To assert and establish loyalty to the Torah and its historical expositions; to further the
observance of the Sabbath and the Dietary Laws; to preserve in the Service the reference to Israel’s
past and the hopes of Israel’s restoration; to maintain the traditional character of the liturgy, with
Hebrew as the language of prayer; to foster Jewish religious life in the home as expressed in traditional
observances; to encourage the establishment of Jewish religious schools in the curricula of which the study of the Hebrew
language and literature shall be given a prominent place ... It shall be the aim of United Synagogue of America, while not
endorsing the innovations introduced by any of its constituent bodies, to embrace all elements essentially loyal to traditional
Judaism and in sympathy with the purpose outlined above.” From the Preamble to the Constitution of the United Synagogue of America
Introducing . . . Tutors R Us
Individualized Computer Assisted
Tutoring for Dramatically Improved Results in . . .
• All grade levels of Classroom Performance
• Attaining better Test Scores
• Preparing for S.A.T.’s & P.S.A.T.’s
• High School Completion
For information call: 268-8210
Dot Verstandig 733-4177
3617 Crown Point Road
Jacksonville, FL 32217
Remedial and Enrichment Learning Centers
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
197
