45
<r
OFFICERS 1979-80
President
Annetta Kornblum !
Vice-Presidents
Cultural ¡
Isabel Balotin j
Ways And Means \
Renee Gordon
Membership
Kay Schneider
Youth
Shelly Kulchin
Financial Secretary
Horty Gendzier
Recording Secretary
Marilyn Garber
Corresponding Secretary
Shirley Bielski
Treasurer
Harriet Kaplan
Parliamentarian
Clara Mann
Board Members
Ginette Mizrahi, Estelle Cherry, Ethel Krestul,
Gertrude Kramer, Bonnie Sandler, Marilyn Gold-
field, Lois Peltz, Joan Fisher, Elsie Meyerhoff,
Marilyn Mass, Betty Gray, Grace Goldberg, Marsha
Pollock, Idlene Slaff, Phyllis Portnoy, Arlene Zel,
Judy H. Mizrahi, Rhoda Goldstein, Anne DePaul,
Roslyn Selber, Sophie Witten, Julie Halpern,
Kathryn Hackel, Clara Jaffe, Beck Perlman, Maxine
Funk, Joanne Davis, Judy Davis, Helen Auchin,
Carolyn Krestul, Wendy Efron.
aecoisb
centep
sfsteRboOD
As the second year of my administration begins, we con-
tinue to be guided by the theme, “Ve-he yay Berakkah - - and
Be Thou a Blessing”. This theme is handed down to us by our
parent body, Women’s League for Conservative Judaism.
Women’s League was founded more than half a century ago
by Mathilde Schechter. It has grown and progressed from a
handful of Sisterhoods to an international organization which
encompasses of 800 Sisterhoods with a membership in excess
of 200,000 women.
Our own Sisterhood boasts of the largest membership in
the state of Florida.
Through our varied programs such as Jewish Home Beau-
tiful we were able to show our members how to beautify their holiday tables. The
Show and Kvell program gave each member a chance to make Hanukah decorations
and to “show-off” their own handcrafts and family treasures. “Financial Confidence
For Today’s Woman” was the theme for our paid up membership meeting. These
very informative programs such as “Consumer Fraud And Rip-Offs In Our City”
were well received and enjoyed by everyone in attendance.
The Sukkot Celebration, Hanukah Fair, Furim Carnival, Simhat Torah and other
holiday celebrations met with great success. The Donor Fashion Show and Torah
Fund Luncheon and Flowers For Pesach And Rosh Hashanah added to a most
enthusiastic and successful year.
I look forward to a year of continued support and encouragement from my board
and Sisterhood members.
Shalom,
Annetta
BOARD MEMBERS: L-R; Isabel Balotin, Annetta Kornblum, Horty Gendzier, Shirley
Bielski, Kay Schneider, Shelly Kulchin.
