JOE P. SAFER
President
Jacksonville
Jewisli
cFederatioii
GERALD L. GOLDSMITH
Executive Director
OFFICERS
Joe P. Safer
President
Ron Elinoff
1st Vice President
Steve Silverman
2nd Vice President
David Robbins
Treasurer
Elliot Zisser
Secretary
BOARD
Sybil Ansbacher
Jack Becker
Lois Chepenik
Jack Coleman
Pepi Dunay
Martin Edwards
David Epstein
Sam Friedlander
Ben Friedman
Alan Gordon
Stanley Greenfield
Milton Hecht
Leslie Held
James Jaffa
Mimi Kersun
Joan Levin
Linda Levy
David Lewish
Michael Lissner
Jeff Marks
David Mizrahi
Judy B. Mizrahi
Bernard Nachman
Thelma Nied
Sam Rosenthal
Harvey Schlesinger
Bernard Shainbrown
Judy Silverman
Les Stern
Phyllis Vandroff
Since the publication of the last Center Yearbook, the Jacksonville Jewish Fed-
eration has come into being. The old format of the Jacksonville Jewish Community
Council has been changed and the Federation is now comprised of a cross section
of delegates elected from the community at large to the Board of Directors. The
new format will provide a more effective way for the community to deal with the
complex issues that face us in the latter 1970’s and 80’s.
The Federation will continue to provide services to the community as in the past,
and will embark in new directions that will increase the quality of Jewish life in
Jacksonville.
The Federation will continue to conduct the annual Combined Jewish Appeal
which raises monies for our local agencies as well as the United Jewish Appeal and
national organizations. The Federation has made a major increase in its commit-
ment to both our local Jewish Family & Children’s Services and the River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged. The Federation recently added to its staff, Susana
Rothstein, who will be the new Director for Programs within the Jewish com-
munity. Susana will be responsible for myriad programming and planning. The
Jewish community, through the Federation programs, will make a major effort
toward providing services in those areas where little has existed in the past - - areas
such as Senior Citizen Programming, Single Parent Family Programming, College
Age Programs, Jewish Singles in their 30’s and 40’s, etc.
The Federation provides a new vehicle for service to the Jewish community and
it is the hope of the Officers and Board of this newest of Jacksonville organizations
that we have taken a major step toward unifying our Jewish community for the
betterment of all individuals and organizations within our Jewish community.
231
