53
HA ? IRAY1M
Do you want to have fun? Do you want to really enjoy yourself? How about meeting some new friends?
Would you like to learn to disco, to square dance, to become a connoisseur of fine wines or a dealer at
blackjack, or even learn the secrets behind the Ha’Rayim hot dog? If yes is the answer to all of these
questions, Ha’Rayim is the group for yop. Become active in Ha’Rayim and we promise you all of this and
more.
Ha’Rayim originally started out as the young family fellowship of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
However, since we are all now four years older and due to the popularity of Ha’Rayim, we now have active
participants of all ages. And, why not? We’re still having a great time.
This year, for instance, we had our third annual Poor Man’s Raffle with a live D.J. and scrumptious
buffet. We also assisted in the very successful Shusan Casino night. On a more religious note, various
Ha’Rayim couples hosted Friday evening services.
And, let us not forget our famous Ha’Rayim/Day Camp picnic. The picnic is held each year in celebra-
tion of Lag Bomer. The whole family comes out to enjoy softball, volleyball, basketball, games and water
slides for children, and our delicious Ha’Rayim hot dog. In fact, the softball
game was so successful that the games continued throughout the summer.
The purpose of our group is not fund raising. We just provide a way for Jewish
couples to get together in a relaxed social atmosphere. We have fun as we share
wholesome Jewish experiences.
We would love to have you join us. Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Ha’Rayim Presidents
Bonnie and Neil Sandler
Bauurat Qa Misbimba
Havurat Ha-Mishpacha, a group of young Center families who have organized to plan
religious, educational and cultural experiences, have planned a very exciting year. The
year began with a Shabbat experience. The group met for afternoon Minha services and
then assembled for a tasteful Shalosh Seudot filled with singing of old and new Israeli and
Hassidic songs. The program concluded with a very beautiful and creative Havdalah and
a pleasant exchange of Shavua-tov, a good week. Any young families interested in inten-
sifying their Jewish commitments and personal growth through education, religious ob-
servances and Jewish experiences please feel free to participate.
An open invitation is being extended to all young families. You may call the Center office,
Rabbi David Gaffney or Dr. Neil Abramson for more information.
tickling bros.
incorporated
Plastering & Drywall
1703 Lambert St. 359-0314
HECHT RUBBER CORPORATION
Foam - Indoor & Outdoor Carpets
Garden Hoses & Nozzles - Mats & Runners
EVERYTHING IN RUBBER
6161 Phillips Hwy. - 731-3401
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
