JACK COLEMAN, President
ELLIOTT PALEVSKY, M.A., Executive Director
Administrative Associates
MRS. FRANK DYAL
MARTIN GOETZ
SIDNEY ENTMAN, A.C.S.W., Executive Director Emeritus
River Garden
Hebrew Home for the Aged
OFFICERS:
President Jack Coleman
President Elect Lewis Meisel
Vice President/Chairman of Admissions Board Herman Paul
Vice President
Co-Chairman of Admissions Board Dr. Michael Greenburg
Co-Chairman of Admissions Board Mrs. Abe Horovitz
House Committee Jack Price
Life Enrichment Mrs. Roy Sloat
Public Relations Mrs. Joseph Bernstein
Medical Board Dr. Harry Yoffee
Co-Chairman Medical Board Dr. Melvin Newman
Secretary Peter Winterfield
Treasurer Martin Wolf
Chairman of the Board Ms. Minnie Schreiber
Chairman/Endowment Board Norman Hofheimer
CALENDAR OF ACTIVITIES
3rd Monday each month - Admissions Board 8:00 p.m.
4th Monday each month-Board of Trustees 8:00 p.m.
Anniversary Day - Generally last Sunday in March providing this does
not conflict with Passover.
Photo 1 - Elliott Palevsky, Mr. Elliott Palevsky, the new Executive Director of River Garden
Photo 2 - Ballgame, River Garden residents and staff “Take Me Out To The Ballgame”
Photo 3 - Seder, In addition to full traditional Passover Sedorium, a special Seder included
the act of participation of the cronically disoriented residents. Reconnecting with tradition
is good therapy.
The River Garden Home is a vital, integral part of the Jacksonville Jewish Community. Through its
residential care program, River Garden serves community members who need a caring and socially sup-
portive environment, including medical and nursing care, in order to continue and extend meaningful
life activity. The short-term program serves those who need specialized care and rehabilitation in order to
return to community living.
In its 33 years of service, River Garden has become a natural part of our community’s life cycle. Its pre-
sence assures continuity of Jewish life style with continuing family and community ties to those for whom
home residential care is the best possible life alternative.
The Home is situated on the banks of the St. Johns River, surrounded by gardens. Its nursing and
psycho-social services are provided by a well trained staff. Although River Garden serves the frail, ill and
mentally impaired aged, it stresses the “wellness” of the individual while attempting to control the effects of
the illness they are suffering.
Through individualized plans of care, the Home tries to strike a living balance between institutional re-
quirements and individual needs and styles. This positive accent on living, with a variety of social, cultural
and recreational programs helps create the special climate and tone of River Garden. This is also trans-
mitted through the caring and encouragement of a professional and support staff of 180 people, providing
services 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The families of residents and the whole Jewish community,
through active involvement and support of River Garden, complete this living cycle.
This year marked the retirement of Sidney Entman, the remarkable founding Executive Director of
River Garden. The position is now held by Elliott Palevsky who is devoting himself to “continuing River
Garden’s dynamic role within the Jewish community by meeting the changing needs of the special popu-
lation it serves.”
235
