251
NATIONAL^BcOUNCIL OF JEWISH WOMEN
EDUCATION SOCIAL ACTION SERVICE
President
Vice Presidents:
Administration
Carolyn Krestul
Community Service
. Eileen Kaufman
Public Affairs
Membership
... Eunice Zisser
Program
Honey Donziger
Corresponding Sec
Idlene Slaff
Recording Sec
Susan Piha
Financial Sec
Treasurer
Dorothy Shlafer
Parliamentarian
Nominating Committee Chair
Sybil Ansbacher
OFFICERS: L-R; Elaine Roberts, Susan Fiha, Carolyn Krestul, Dotty
Shlafer, Arlene Zel, Honey Donziger, Eileen Kaufman, Idlene Slaff.
This is a year of celebrations for NCJW! Nationally, the organization recently celebrated its 85th birth-
day. We here in Jacksonville are proudly marking our 40th year of existance.
National Council of Jewish Women is an organization which, in the spirit of Judaism, is dedicated to
furthering human welfare in the Jewish and general community, locally, nationally, and internationally.
Our community service projects include: Pre-school vision testing to discover sight problems, service
to foreign born, the Art Enrichment Program, which trains volunteers at the Art Museum to bring and
discuss art in the public and private schools. In conjunction with the University of Florida and the Jewish
Federation, we provided Tay Sachs testing and education to the Jacksonville Jewish community. Our
Mental Health Forum, in coalition with the Mental Health Association, attracted over 2,000 participants.
A film of the Mock Trial, “Pursuit of Privacy”, produced by our Section is available for educational use
through the Haydon Burns Library. Our new project, just getting underway, is producing Talking Books
for use by the blind and handicapped.
In Israel, NCJW’s Educational Research Center is an innovative program for education of the dis-
advantaged. Fellowships for Israeli teachers and social workers who wish to study in our country and the
continued maintenance of our Hebrew University High School are all projects which are helping to educate
Israel’s youth.
NCJW’s legislative group, “Talk and Tour” and our advocacy programs have been educational for our
members and effective in promoting the Council’s concerns on a national, state and local level. A trip to
Tallahassee during the legislative session is available to all members and puts into action many of our
priorities as well as being an exhilarating experience.
Our meetings are held on the third Wednesday of the month. You are invited to contact any of the
officers regarding membership.
CHASTEEN'S SERVICE STATION
3815 Hendricks Avenue — Phone 396-1774
Jacksonville, Florida 32207
8th ST. RADIO, TV, HI-FI SALES & SERVICE
Bring It In and Save $$$
Open Mon. thru Fri. — Closed Saturday
39 East 8th Street — Phone 354-8130
