65
HENRY KRAMER
LIBRARY AND
CENTER
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Chairman Minnie Schreiber
Co-Chairman Mrs. Lewis Meisel
Committee .... Mrs. PhilipSelber, Mrs. Bernard Glossman,
Mrs. Sidney Stillman, Mrs. Milton Mann,
Mrs. Abe Fages, Mrs. Irvin B. Rothstein,
Mrs. Harold Hilsenrad, Mrs. Hana Rosenzweig,
Mrs. Nathan Shmunes, Mrs. A1 Sinoff,
Mrs. Harold Newman, Mrs. Joe Schreiber
The attractive Library, newly furnished and equipped through the generosity of Mrs. Henry Kramer, will
be available for the congregation to enjoy. The facilities include the Tofield collection, the Solomon
Schechter Day School Room and a reading and browsing area.
The collection of books and periodicals will be expanded greatly to satisfy the reading needs of the
congregation. New and stimulating library related programs will be developed to encourage increased
use of the facility. Plans are being formalized to have the Library open at scheduled times.
In the past year the Library Committee joined with the Sisterhood in sponsoring a series of book reviews
and comments on current events as a part of the adult education program. Participants in the program
were: Mrs. Laurie Benwick, Mrs. Martin Wolf, Mr. Elliott Palevsky, Mrs. Lewis Meisel, Mr. Gene Korn-
blum, Mr. Alan Taffet, Mrs. Debbie Dreher and Rabbi David Gaffney.
We mourn the loss of our beloved member, Harold Hilsenrad of blessed memory. Harold’s dedication
and years of service is greatly appreciated and will be remembered for many years to come.
Minnie Schreiber
HARRY GENDZIER
On Sunday, October 29th at 7:30 p.m. the Jacksonville Jewish Center
State of Israel Bond Committee gave a Testimonial honoring Mr.
Harry Gendzier at which time he was presented with the coveted Israel
30th Anniversary Award for his dedicated and outstanding service
to the Jewish Community and to Israel. The guest speaker for the
event was one of America’s most distinguished journalists, David
Shoenbrun. We congratulate Mr. Harry Gendzier on achieving this
great honor, through his past and continuing service to the Jewish
community.
