ZIONIST ORGANIZATION OF AMERICA
JACKSONVILLE DISTRICT
President AlanTaffet
Vice Presidents
Membership Cantor A. Marton
Public Relations Joel Bressler
Programming Dr. Milton Mann
Projects Emanuel Ehrlich
Education Leonard Selber
Treasurer AnnShmunes
Recording Secretary Laurie Benwick
Corresponding Secretary Lillian Meizlik
Chairman of the Board Rabbi Gary Perras
BOARD MEMBERS: Jack Becker, Hyman Selber, David Goodman, Mike Dunay, Dr.
Nelson Goldman, Dr. Sam Rosenthal, Johnthan Shlackman, Dr. Michael Greenburg,
Dr. Chiel Wind, Rabbi Dov Kentof, Nathan Shmunes, Abe Fages, Allen Cohen and Robert
Neid.
P O BOX 23780
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
32217
Founded in 1897 the Zionist Organization of America has been a moving spirit toward the establishment and maintenance of a
free, secure and independent State of Israel. To be a Zionist is to be committed to Israel and the future of the Jewish people.
On April 29,1979 Z. O. A. sponsored a gala banquet for the Jewish National Fund to honor the memory of Neal F. Portnoy
and a grove will be planted in his name. We also note with sadness the passing of our beloved member, devoted Zionist and
ardent worker for Z.O.A., Irvin B. Rothstein.
The President hails the peace treaty with Egypt and acknowledges the great leadership and fortitude of Prime Minister
Menachem Begin. We pray for a lasting peace in the Middle East and hope the American government will be even handed in this
issue.
Commit yourself to the preservation of Jewish identity and dignity everywhere by becoming a member of Z.O.A. Any Z.O.A.
officer will provide you with membership information, or call Cantor A. Marton at 641-7093.
1979 marks the 100th birthday of Albert Einstein. He was not only the physicist who confidently that space and time were not
what they seemed to be, but he was a passionate pacifist who blossomed out as a standard bearer for Zionism.
It is noted in a book by Ronald W. Clark that Einstein was one of the greatest contradictions of our time; the German who
hated the Germans; the pacifist who changed his mind; the ambivalent Zionist who was asked to hear the Israeli state; the
physicist who believed in God.
In Germany after World War I, the forces supporting assimilation were certainly strong, but so too were Einstein’s feelings
once he had become seized of the Zionist cause. Just how strong is shown by his letter of April 3, 1920, refusing to attend a
meeting to help combat anti-Semitism in academic circles.
“I should gladly come if I believed it possible for such an undertaking to succeedhe wrote.
First, however, the anti-Semitism and the servile disposition among us Jews in our own ranks would have to be combatted
by more knowledge. More dignity and more independence in our ranks! Not until we dare to regard ourselves as a nation,
not until we respect ourselves, can we gain the esteem of others, or rather only then will it come of its own accord. There
will be anti-Semitism in the sense of a psychological phenomenon as long as Jews come into contact with non-Jews —
what does it matter? Perhaps we owe it to anti-Semitism that we can maintain ourselves as a race. I at least believe so.
If I catch sight of an expression like “German citizens of Jewish faith” I cannot help smiling a little sadly. What is there
to be found in this pretty label? What is Jewish faith? Does there exist a kind of unbelief by virtue of which one ceases
being a Jew? There is not. But it suggests that the right people believe two things, i.e., (1)1 don't wish to have anything to
do with my poor (East European) Jewish brethren, and (2) I do not want to be taken for a child of my own people, but only
as a member of a Jewish communtiy.
Is this sincere? Can the “Aryan” feel any respect for such underhand fellows? I am neither a German citizen, nor is there
anything in me which can be designated as “Jewish faith”. But I am a Jew and am glad to belong to the Jewish people,
even if Ido not consider them in any way God's elect. Let us calmly leave anti-Semitism to the non-Jew and retain our love
for people of our kind.
I hope that you will not frown on account of this confession. No harm or unkindness is meant.
Einstein was later to put his point of view even more pungently. “The German Jew who works for the Jewish people and for
the Jewish home in Palestine no more ceases to be a German than the Jew who becomes baptized and changes his name ceases
to be a Jew,” he wrote in 1926. “The two attachments are grounded in realities of different kinds. The antithesis is not between
Jew and German, but between honesty and lack of character. 241
