55
Solomon Schechter P. T. A.
r
L.
L-R; Ellen Schnipper, Rhoda Goldstein, Marilyn Mass, Shirley Bielski and
Isabel Balotin.
BOARD
President Marilyn Mass
Vice-Presidents:
Program .....*. Judy Silverman
Membership Merle Selevan
Treasurer Sharon Witten
Recording Secretary
Corresponding Secretary Idlene Slaff
Hospitality Sandy Shapiro
Holiday Observance Judy H. Mizrahi
Hot Lunch Program Debby Gottlieb
Room Mother Co-Ordinator .... Ellen Schnipper
Book Fair Carol Schneider
Magazines,
Student Council Advisor Shirley Bielski
Members-At-Large Isabel Balotin
Renee Gordon
Horty Gendzier
Advisor Rhoda Goldstein
CALENDAR OF EVENTS
September 13 ...
September 17-19
November 18-19 .
December 26-28 .
January 26
May 15
Installation Brunch
Magazine Sales
Book Fair
Winter Movies & Lunch Days
P.T.A. Social
Closing Luncheon
P.T.A. is a vital part of the Solomon Schechter Day School. Day School parents have cooked and served
delicious, nutritious lunches this past year under the supervision and hard work of Harriet Brodsky. Phono-
graphs and physical education equipment have been purchased as a result of a very successful magazine sale
under the direction of Shirley Bielski. Sharon Witten kept our checking and savings account in order. A Book
Fair, chaired by Shirley Kollin, and a winter vacation activity time coordinated by Shirley Bielski helped to add
to our savings account. Judy Mizrahi helped all of our children observe the various holidays by making the
necessary purchases and preparations. Many of us attended a very interesting “Seminar on Nutrition” and one
on “Effective Parenting”, thanks to Sue Alterman. Isabel Balotin kep us all informed by sending out newsletters
and doing all of our publicity. Our children became leaders, organizers and workers in their Student Council
with help from Phyllis Levin and Suzi Roey. Carolyn Krestul notified all officers and home room mothers of our
board meetings and Marilyn Mass kept marvelous minutes of all that went on at the meetings. Sandy Shapiro,
our hospitality chairwoman was always there with delicious refreshments. This year the 5th and 6th grades
participated in a Sex Education program. This was well presented and well received by students and the parents
who previewed and reviewed it.
Many thanks to the many parents who helped in our various endeavors. Without your time, energy, psycho-
logical and financial support, we could not have accomplished so many projects. The staff of both the school
and the Center were always supportive. My thanks to you all - - I’ve loved the past two years.
Rhoda Goldstein, Outgoing P.T.A. President
