219
CUB SCOUTS PACK 14
CUB SCOUTS
Back row L-R; Adam Jacobson, Bruce Gelman, Com-
mander Sidney Engelhardt. Middle row; Darren Rohan,
Arnie Harrison, Colman Brodsky, Michael Paul, Bobby
Greenspoon, Michael Gordon, Randy Figur, Steven
Shapiro, Ricky Plotkin, Chip Abolafia, Joel Nied, Adam
Panken, Kenny Haft. Front row; David Klein, Stephen
Zehngut, Scott Freedman, Ross Jeneff, Jonathan Wein-
traub, Dennis Mizrahi, Shaun Usoff, Richie Davis.
Cub Scouting as an introduction to Boy Scouts plays an impor-
tant role for boys between the ages of 8 and 10. The boys advance
from Wolf to Bear and then on to Webelos.
In this day and age when there are so many temptations, our
boys find themselves interested in completing their achievements
toward a higher rank, and participating in the monthly pack
meeting. There they put on skits and show off their crafts. One
very exciting meeting presented this year was “An Evening of
Magic” where all Scouts were taught magic tricks and had a
chance to present them to the Pack.
During the year, they share many new and different experi-
enees. They look forward to the annual Pinewood and Rocket
Derbys, Scout Sabbath, and the Blue and Gold Banquet.
To close the year, members of Pack 14 and their families
gathered at the Center Campsite for a day of father-son relay
races and cooking over an open fire. The highlight of the event
was the presentation of the Larry Hacker Cub Scout Award.
It went to the Cub with the best attendance at Den and Pack
meetings, achievements and good will. The recipient for 1979
was Joel Nied. An individual plaque was presented to Joel and his
name has been added to the permanent plaque which remains at
the Center.
Marilyn Panken,
Den Mother Leader
CUB SCOUT DEN MOTHERS
Den I, Marilyn Panken, Pearl Harrison. Den II, Anne DePaul,
Judy Greenspoon. Den III, pat Friedman, Harriet Brodsky. Den
IV, Sandy Shapiro, JoAnne Davis. Webelos, Ken Jacobson,
Robert Nied.
PINEWOOD DERBY - Entries for the Pinewood Derby.
Winners of the race were 8 yr. old Jonathan Weintraub,
9 yr. old David Garber, 10 yr. old David Klein. Best looking
car by Adam Panken.
Father and Son relays
The Blue and Gold Banquet. Parents participating
in Scout Sabbath.
Scout parents cheering!
