125
TORAH READERS
Rabbi Akiba tells us in Ferek: “Beloved are Israel for to them was given a precious instrument, the Torah. It is by special divine love that they
are informed of this.” To Rabbi Akiba, love is greater when properly expressed. The Jewish people have obeyed his dictum. The Torah, the
Bible, became their portable fatherland. By its spirit they were able to live in an idealistic and dignified fashion, despite the vicissitudes of
fortune.
There are a number of ways of “knowing” the Torah; understanding its content, being able to translate it, being able to render its public
reading. This last approach has opened a wonderful opportunity for continuous education. A large percentage of our Bar Mitzvah candidates
during the past generation read the weekly portion at their Bar Mitzvah ceremonies and have continued to learn new portions. To these have
been added knowledgeable laymen, staff members, fathers of Bar Mitzvahs and a number of adults who have taken special training. The result
is that today we have a roster of several dozen readers who can master the intricacies of reading without vowels, punctuation or musical
tropes for one or more Aliyahs on Sabbaths, holidays and week-days. These people, of all age-levels, form a very positive nucleus of the con-
gregation for intensive participation and leadership. The readers are listed on the front page of the Bulletin each week. Some are identified
under the pictures on these pages. Many more have joined this exclusive group during the past year. As the current Bar Mitzvah candidates
complete their training, they too will join the ranks. We hope all of them will go ‘Mi-Chayil el Chawyil’, from strength to strength, achieving
additional skills to round out an entire year of great performances.
Ted Gross
L-R; Jeff Harris, Hal Baumgarten, Ted Gross, Dorone Manasse, Charles
Krestul, Blair Selber, Yale Balotin.
L-R; Jeff Morris, Neil Abramson, Ted Gross, Abe Bielski.
Neal Shorstein and Ted Gross.
L-R; Bill Meisel, Jeff Presser, Ian Mann, Ted Gross, Steven Mizrahi, Ron Katz,
Mark Deutsch.
CONFIRMATION CLASS 1979
L-R; Rabbi David Gaffney, Deborah Bressler, Beth Jaben, Michelle
De Paul, Juli Shapiro, Marcia Greenbaum.
