233
Jewish
oFamily
Children's
Services
President
Vice Presidents
Medical Consultant ....
Mental Health Consultant
Treasurer
Executive Director
Social Worker
Samuel Friedlander
Tekla Foster
Beverly Goldstein
M. David Epstein
Herbert Smullian
. Morris Price, M.D.
Milton Mann, M.D.
.... Norman Moss
. Lawrence Rackow
.... Iris Goodstein
Lawrence Rackow
Executive Director
Founded in 1917 as the United Jewish Charities, J. F. C. S. had a long and glorious history as the Jewish
Welfare Society. It was professionalized in 1948 and adopted its current name in 1962. Its goals were and
are to help individuals and families lead happier and healthier lives, to enable individuals to approach
their maximum potential and to strengthen and/or restore family functioning and stability. In 1978, 466
individuals were served in one or more of its programs. Since its professionalization in 1948, more than
7000 families or individuals were served.
Its main program is to provide casework and counseling service to individuals and families. It is a licensed
child placing agency. It has reach-out programs at the State Hospital and at Union Correctional Insti-
tution. It provides special services to senior citizens and does the local admission studies for River Garden
Hebrew Home. It provides short term financial assistance to local and transient families and individuals.
With funds from the Jewish Federation it is responsible for the local resettlement program.
To supplement the casework program, the staff and its president started and lead a club for isolated
persons, an over 40 singles group, a discussion group at Mt. Carmel and two clubs at River Garden.
Responding to the opening of the gates from the U. S. S. R., the Community more than doubled its quota
for community resettlement from 9 in 1978 to 21 by September, 1979. This was made more dramatic as the
grant was submitted in April, having the 21 arrive in a five month period. Hopefully, the door will remain
open and the 1980 quota will be much greater.
Judy Mizrahi is serving as coordinator. The response of the Community to Judy Mizrahi’s call and example
has been magnificent. More volunteers and furnishings came in than ever before. The volunteers have been
having deep meaningful experiences. Units of five volunteers have been raised for each family arriving,
with back up forces of translators, teachers, drivers, doctors and dentists, etc. They have formed a most
efficient and enthusiastic team. The already settled New Americans are among the most energetic and
effective volunteers. All four synagogues have opened their doors to the newcomers. The Jewish Center
can be very proud of its camp and school scholarships and one year free memberships offered to the
newcomers.
