249
Progressive Credit Union
President
Vice-President
Secretary
Treasurer
Directors
W.Z. Goldberg
Samuel Schuster
Associate Directors
Nathan V. Gross
Wallace Rubenstein
Murray B. Glickstein
Credit Committee
Irwin Gendzier
Eugene Henry
Audit Committee
William E. Papet, Chairman
Milton Hecht
Eli Brody
The Progressive Credit Union was established, and is operated to serve the financial needs of its members consisting of men
and women of the Jacksonville Jewish Community.
In 1977, we assisted many Jacksonville businessmen and families with loans for automobiles, appliances, marriages, and other
worthwhile personal needs. Under a special program designed to aid students with College tuition, 32 Jewish students were
assisted in their higher education. The Student Loan Program is fully guaranteed by the U. S. Government.
All members receive free Life Insurance on their savings, up to $2,000.00. All loans are covered with free Credit Life Insurance
for the full outstanding balances. With all of our extra services rendered, the ratio charged for interest is lower than that of other
lending institutions in the area. All Savings are insured up to $40,000.00 by the Florida Credit Union Guarantee Company.
We extend a cordial invitation for all to join with us in the Progressive Credit Union to build a stronger Jewish Community
in Jacksonville. For further information, please call Mr. Joe Cohen at 354-4770.
@ai>i>ia ©apderp ©ip@le
for Jewish Ladies
Seated L-R; Nathan Gross, Max Becker, Milton Hecht,
David Gradman, Joe Cohen, Moe Safer, Standing L-R;
Irwin Gendzier, W. Z. Goldberg, Herman Gelman, Herman
Paul, Stanley Gelman, Eugene Henry.
Organized in 1960, Cassia Garden Circle, an affiliate of the Garden Club of Jacksonville, is a group of
Jewish women who are interested in gardening. Many of the charter members are still active in the group.
Cassia is a group of tropical trees, shrubs and plants with compound leaves, yellow flowers and long pods,
found in Israel. The Garden Club meets monthly. Programs have included Japanese Flower Arranging,
bonsai, hanging baskets, underwater arrangements, potpourri and landscaping. Many exciting plans have
been made for next year’s programming. Spend an interesting morning, and enjoy a light lunch with some
pleasant ladies. If you are interested call Isabel Balotin at 268-3362.
President Isabel Balotin
Vice-Presidents Rhoda Goldstein
Marilyn Datz
Recording Secretary JoanPuldy
Corresponding Secretary BobbiMargol
Treasurer Diane Goldsmith
%
