1979-80 OFFICERS
Mount Carmel Gardens
Tenants Association
Mary Foor
President
Rubin Janofsky
1st Vice President
Dorothy Levine
2nd Vice President
Lona Isaac
3rd Vice President
Eunice Safer
Recording Secretary
Isabelle Linden
Corresponding Secretary
George Blitzer
Treasurer
BOARD MEMBERS: Celie Falis, House Services ; Irene Erich and Ruth Blanc, Liason; Beatrice Yales, Sunshine; Frances Janofsky, Educa-
tional; Ruth Blanc, Bingo; Pauline Schemer, Newsletter; Kate Bandrimer, Outside Entertainment; Ethel Korn, Trip; Rose Altmayer, Tele-
phone; Fannie Kaufman, Music; Israel Schemer, Ex-officio; Milton Foor, Parliamentarian.
MOUNT CARMEL GARDENS Mount Carmel Gardens is a Senior Citizens home, seventeen
floors high, with 208 apartments, occupied by both Jews and Gentiles, all friendly, contented and congenial neighbors. It is conveniently lo-
cated, with transportation, shopping and religious organizations within walking distance. Each apartment has an emergency button which
brings immediate help to those needing it, each floor is equipped with fire and smoke alarms - - in short, it is a living community which provides
much more than housing.
We are very fortunate in having a very able and helpful office staff, in the persons of Mr. Andrew Johnson,* Manager, and Mrs. Donna Sor-
rells, Secretary, - - plus the maintenance crew, who are always on hand to do whatever needs fixing or correcting.
The tenants have formed an association, which is independent of management, the aims of which are to furnish entertainment, almost daily
varied educational activities (which, incidently, are available to any senior citizens wishing to take part), occasional bussing to trips and shows
for those who want to go. We are recipients of volunteer entertainment from throughout the city, and send our own Carmel Singers and
Carmel Players to anyone requesting us to entertain for them.
Our bi-monthly parties, our Saturday night dances and occasional dances with live orchestras, our twice-weekly Bingo, our invitations to the
Alhambra Dinner Theatre and to Theatre Jacksonville, the Christmas-Chanukah and New Years Eve parties, plus the individual apartment
gatherings and those in our lobby just to socialize, has earned us the reputation of being the “most fun” complex of our type in the city. With so
much going on, there is just no need for time to hang heavy, or for folks to be bored.
The flag pole and flag on the island in front of our building were recently donated and installed by the Jewish War Veterans, and the ground
around it was landscaped by Mrs. Rosalie Becker - - all honoring the memory of Frances Wilensky. Over the door of our meeting room is a
plaque, with the wording “The Frances Wilensky Auditorium”, also in her honor. This will always be a living memoriam for the one who was
responsible for our building’s initial concept, and who had done so much for our building and for us.
Summarizing, Mount Carmel Gardens is a high-rise filled with an enthusiastic and appreciative seventeen floors of people, who have made
many friendships, and are very happy to call their apartment “home” - - responding to the desires of retirees, for security, comfort, safety,
independence, and the enrichment of stimulating social-recreational activities shared with others.
Pauline Schemer
At our costume party - The Madame The mother and father of the bride at our “mock First Prize
(Bess Safer), The Dutch Girl (Lona wedding”. Costume Party
Isaac)
