Rabbi David Gaffney
Rabbi David and Inge Gaffney,
and their children
Asher and Shalva
Rabbi’s Message —
Dear Friends,
As we move together into the ’80s - the beginning of a
new decade - we become even more sensitive to the chai-
lenge, the hope and the promise of the future. What should
our perceptions be of our future as a congregation - a com-
munity of commitment?
Neither as individuals nor as a people are we simply the
sum total of our past experience; nor are we merely a col-
lection of our present encounters. We are what we would
be.
The character of a synagogue cannot be determined
only historically - by what we were; only sociologically - but
what we are. It is in great measure determined propheti-
cally - by what we would be.
To be a member of the Jacksonville Jewish Center ought
to mean that we are part of a larger Jewish Self - a col-
lective Self which has lived for forty centuries, and has
extracted from that experience the wisdom and the values
that can help us in life. I turn to this larger Self for my
interior life - to help us discover what is real, authentic;
what is important, what is sacred. We hope to gain from
the pulpit and from the class a vision that can help us inter-
pret the meaning and the purpose of our being. We expect
to derive from the service, from the sermon, from a lecture,
from a weekend, moral strength and spiritual morale -
stable anchors that can help us withstand the storms that
buffet us in life. To be a member of the Jewish Center ought
to mean that we are part of a caring congregation, a caring
Jewish community upon whom we can make claims for
help and who in turn can make claims on us.
To be a member of the Jewish Center ought to mean that
we can share with others the opportunity of growing
Jewishly and humanly. It means the presence of intimate
circles of family and friends, of Havurot with whom we can
experience the joys of Judaism, the celebration of festivals
and a discussion of the critical items on the agenda of
Jewish life. It means the opportunity to express friendships,
to live out the Jewish imperative of gemilat hasadim, of
compassion, of reciprocal relations of responsibility. It
means to experience Jewish warmth in a depersonalized
society.
To be a member of the Jewish Center ought to mean
that there are Jews willing to help us overcome our doubts,
our fear and ignorance of Judaism. We need Jews to be
Jewish. We need Jews to become Jewish - to know how
and why and when to celebrate our people’s personal and
collective sacred moments, to know how and why to pray
and sing the insights of our tradition.
What ought we be? The Center should be a microcosm
of Jewish civilization, in its programs and lectures, in its
philosophy and in its ethics.
To be a member of the Center ought to make a critical
difference to my being. Our synagogue is created by, for
and of Jewish people and it is rooted in the reality of God,
Torah and Israel.
Together with God’s help, and by our will, we can be-
come a community of commitment, of hope - to renew the
old and to sanctify the new.
Inge, Asher and Shalva join me in wishing you and yours
a year of health and of happiness, a year of joy and glad-
ness, a year of purpose and fulfillment.
Rabbi David Gaffney
15
