243
Hadassah
Hadassah, the largest Zionist organization in the world, as
well as the largest women’s voluntary organization in the
United States, has a membership of 350,000 members who
dedicate themselves to help Israel, a developing democracy,
to help itself.
The Jacksonville Chapter has approximately 900
members and consists of three active groups: TIKVA, which
meets during the day; HANNAH SENESCH, the evening
business and professional women’s group; and SHIR-LI, the
young women’s group which also meets in the evening.
The President’s Column
Shalom,
Leadership in Hadassah prouides women with the
opportunity to share in the historic upbuilding of Israel
and thus enrich their own lives through service and
education.
Women for whom material comforts and possessions
are not life’s highest goals associate themselves with a
cause through work with an organization. No society in
history has had the variety and multiplicity of organ-
izations which are to be found in the United States.
Everyone receives many appeals for membership in
organizations. Fortunately, vast numbers of women
have chosen Hadassah as the focus of their service.
Indeed , many have made it a central force in their lives.
Hadassah is more than an association of Jewish
women. It is a unique organization, a vital constituent
of the world Zionist Movement. It has made a major
contribution to American civilization and to the Jewish
people.
Leadership in Hadassah implies two things: the pri-
vilege of standing at the helm of a great living movement
in Jewish history , and the obligation to absorb and
communicate to others the wealth of knowledge, ideas,
and ideals embodied in this movement.
Fondly,
Joan Waitz
Chapter President
TIKVA meets every 2nd Tuesday
Sue Rosenberg 731-5504
SHIRLI meets every 4th Monday evening
PamRotramel 731-4054
HANNAH SENESCH meets every 2nd Wednesday evening
Gloria Weintraub
CHAPTER: President, Joan Waitz; Membership, Fanny Donziger;
Fund Raising, Rhoda Kagan; Education, Teddi Moscovitz; Finan-
cial Sec., Elaine Barnert; Treasurer, Hilda Goldstein, Recording
Sec., Estelle Cherry; Corresponding Sec., Lillian Meizlek.
TIKVA: President, Sue Rosenberg; Membership, Evelyn Mosko-
vitz; Fund Raising, Sue Laufer; Education, Dodie Cohen; Financial
Sec., Rochelle Battock; Treasurer, Gertrude Kramer; Correspond-
ing Sec., Sara Kofka; Program, Flo Kalish.
SHIR-LI: President, Pam Rotramel; Membership, Debby Rauch-
warger; Treasurer, Tricia Bloom; Financial Sec., Barbara Safer;
Recording and Corresponding Sec., Phyllis Ingram.
HANNAH SENESCH: President, Glorya Weintraub; Membership,
Use Gotlieb; Fund Raising, Martha Rothenberg; Education, Bea
Sinoff; Financial Sec., Marion Schlessinger; Treasurer» Jay Aronson;
Recording Sec., Emily Freedman; Corres. Sec., Rose Tuckman.
