River Garden Auxilliary
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Martin Wolf (Mary)
First Vice President Mrs. Herbert Lewitt (Maxine)
Second Vice President Mrs. HymieFialkow (Charlotte)
Third Vice President Mrs. Henry Halpern (Julie)
Financial Secretary Mrs. Mitchell Peltz (Lois)
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Karl Frisch (Michelle)
Recording Secretary Mrs. Roy Brooks (Barri)
Executive Secretary Mrs. Raphael Klepper (Doris)
General Treasurer Mrs. Milton Greenspan (Vivian)
Parliamentarian Mrs. Sidney Entman (Rose)
Mary Wolf - President
Guided by our motto “Service with a Heart” the River Garden Auxiliary has dedicated itself for over
50 years to serving the needs of our older citizens. Times are changing fast, and we of the Auxiliary must
keep pace to meet the every increasing new needs in order to maintain the current excellent standards of
River Garden Home for the Aged:
As nearly as possible we want to keep River Garden as a home away from home for our dear friends
and relatives. We have something for everyone. The budding artist, the dramatic actress, the home gar-
dener and the creative writer can all find outlets for their talents at River Garden. The Hobby Shop, the
Resident’s Magazine and Project Greenthumb have been most successful this year.
The Auxiliary also sponsors the Golden Sunshine Club for both residents of the Home and other
senior citizens who wish to participate in their meetings which are educational as well as social.
Holidays are especially important to our residents and the Auxiliary plans parties throughout the year
on such occasions as Chanukah, Purim, Mother’s and Father’s Day add to their enjoyment.
The Auxiliary is proud to provide the extra budgetary needs for the maintenance of our excellent
facility. Our fund raising projects, Tombola, Donors, Social Printing, Tree of Life, Resident’s Memorial
Plaque, Life Membership, have enabled us to contribute to new furnishings, air conditioning, redecora-
tions, kitchen and infirmary equipment. Recently a new salad bar was purchased for the use of the residents
and staff.
At River Garden there is plenty of opportunity for the volunteer who wants to lend a helping hand.
Friendly Visitors, Adopt a Friend and the Red Cross welcome volunteers who will write a letter, go shop-
ping or just give a little comfort and cheer to a resident.
With the coming New Year we hope to increase our services through a new intensive volunteer
program. Our main purpose is to make our residents as comfortable and happy as possible.
On behalf of the Auxiliary we wish you much “naches” for the coming New Year.
ALWAYS THE PERFECT IDEA
World of Flowers
Phone 731-8225
1518 University Blvd. West
Jacksonville, Florida 32217
MANAGER
DALE COX OPEN 9 a m. to 5:30 p.m.
Qnluw, 737-6366
■ wi n nl £A, 24 Hour Hot Line
SAM FOLDS INC. «residential
Realtors «COMMERCIAL
• ACREA6E
WE’RE THE NEIGHBORHOOD PROFESSIONALS:
