r
\
“ALL OF THE COMMUNITY OF ISRAEL IS BOUND — ONE TO THE OTHER“
The Talmud
The following thoughts are presented by the Portnoy Family with the hope that it will nuture a
concern for our most precious possession - the Jewish community.
We are all familiar with the Biblical story of Abraham bargaining with God to save the wicked cities
of Sodom and Gomorrah from destruction. After much perseverance on Abraham’s part, the
number of righteous people sufficient for saving the cities was reduced to ten. But ten were not to be
found - and the cities were destroyed.
The rabbis asked “Was it really possible that in the large cities of Sodom and Gomorrah ten
noble souls could not be found?” They suggested therefore that there were ten good men in the city
however, since they lived for themselves, were unconcerned with their community and exerted
no beneficial influence for the public good, they were not judged righteous men. The cities were
destroyed.
What an insightful and valid description of the source of Jewish strength, past and present - our
interdependence. The muscles and sinews which give us our real strength are the bands of to-
getherness which made of the Jewish people a community. The welfare of the “whole” was deemed
so important throughout our history that tradition suggests that the community of Israel is equal in
importance to the God of Israel and the Torah of Israel. Moreover, one could not properly achieve
Godliness in one’s life unless one recognized the needs in the face of one’s fellow man. Israel, the
Bible says, did not receive the Torah at Mt. Sinai until they became a community, ready to receive
the Torah as one people.
The most classic imperative of Jewish responsibility is described by Hillel - “Al tifrosh min ha-
tzibur” . . . “do not separate yourself from the community”. This statement suggests a reciprocal
relationship. A community is diminished by the apathy of its individual members. This is especially
the case with the Jewish community, facing the numerous challenges and crises with which itis con-
fronted. But the process is reciprocal. Those who remain unconcerned about the greater good
of the whole, diminish not only the community but themselves. Whatever affirmation we make as
Jews, whatever sense of identity we profess, we know that our inner life requires a living relation-
ship to our community and the people of Israel. Without a Minyan, the traditional representation
of the community, the presence of God is denied the individual even though he is engaged in prayer.
A man who has separated himself from the community will according to the rabbis not share in its
consolation and joy. What is more they add, “A man who retires to his home and says, what have 1 to
do with the needs of the community, why should I heed their words, such a man destroys the world.
The time has come for us to build. We need to create a community concerned with the well being
of all. History teaches us that the Temple was destroyed because of the pointless enmity which
existed between members of the Jewish community in ancient times. Rabbi Abraham Kook, the
late chief rabbi of Israel, suggested that the Temple will not be rebuilt until pointless enmity is re-
placed by wholesome love - one for the other and one for all. The time has come to nuture such love.
East Coast Fruit Co.
LOUIS PORTNOY — WALTER PORTNOY
AND FAMILIES
V
Mention The Center Yearbook When Patronizing Our Advertisers
7
