f£aBte of Qonhnts
ADMINISTRATION
Bargain City 271
Cemetery 273
Daily Minyan 39
Maintenance 271
Members of the Board 31
Officers of the Board 29
Past Presidents & Trustees 37
President’s Message 27
Rabbi’s Message 15
Synagogue Administration 17
Yearbook Staff 13
ADULT ACTIVITIES 43
Sisterhood, Minyanaire, Ha'Rayim, Solomon Schechter
P.T.A., Mr. and Mrs. Club, Library.
CALENDAR 257-269
COMMUNITY 229
Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Jewish Children and
Family Services, River Garden, River Garden Auxiliary,
Mt. Carmel Gardens, Z.O.A., Fladassah, B.B.G.,
A.Z.A., B’nai Brith, Jewish War Veterans, Progressive
Credit Union, Cassia Garden Circle, National Council
of Jewish Women, ORT, Jewish Womens Bowling,
Jewish Men's Bowling, Fievrah Kaddisha.
EDUCATION 105
Solomon Schechter Day School:
Administration, 3 year olds to 6th grades
Day School Activities, Junior Congregation
Supplemental Schools:
Sunday School, Afternoon Fiebrew School, Flebrew
Fligh School, Torah Readers, Confirmation Class.
GREETINGS 161
MEMBERSHIP 73
RECREATION 127
Center Day Camp, Sunday Funday, Basketball,
Sisterhood Dance, Camping.
SIMCHA 145
Babies, Bar and Bat Mitzvahs, Weddings
YOUTH 205
Kadima, Chalutzim, Kadima Convention, U.S.Y.,
Camp Ramah, Girl Scouts, Cub Scouts, ATID.
SPECIAL EVENTS
Alexander Brest Tennis Tournament 137
Acquisition of State Road 13 Property 19
Hebrew Literacy Campaign 69
Holocaust Museum 67
Israel Bonds Testimonial 65
Moses and Abraham 223
Purim Celebration 225
Raffle Roast 57
Shushan Casino Night 63
Simhat Torah Celebration 41
Sukkah Mobile 143
Torch Run 61
Shabbaton Weekend 71
Youth and Education Banquet 73
Cóitoriaí
JACKSONVILLE
JEWISH CENTER
YEARBOOK
1979-80 5740
V
Well another year has gone by and another yearbook compiled.
One has only to read the yearbook to see all that has happened at
the Center this past year. Activities for all ages ... a building that
was used every day of the week . . . and lots of happy faces, young
and old. If have tried very hard to include all the activities. Unfor-
tunately some were not photographed but nevertheless just as
successful. I look forward to another year of the same quality of pro-
grams and activities. It seems to me that the Center gets better
each year.
I want to thank my friends, the Ghelerters and Fay at Mendelsons
for all their help and patience. A book of this size and quality takes
a lot of hard work and co-ordination ... but you too made it possible,
by your support and interest in the Center - that makes the differ-
ence. From my family to yours - a very happy and healthy year.
_ ^ Shalom,
d/te (cover Isabel
The first time that I say the “Shalom” fire sign was at the conclu-
sion of the Kadima Convention. Created by Rabbi Dov Kentof the
sign is constructed of wire and wrapped in rags, then it is set aflame.
When lighted, the carefully formed Hebrew letters that spell shalom
come to life. How we wish that the peace we pray for will become a
reality. Maybe we shall see it in the year 5740. The light that shines
from the sign, creates an atmosphere of warmth felt by all onlookers.
For one brief moment a feeling of absolute peace is felt when you
view it. We wish to thank Rabbi Dov Kentof for this magnificent
creation. We also wish to thank George Strumlauf for the design
of this years cover and Don Morris for the excellent photography
displayed on this cover.
Patronize Our Advertisers — They Deserve Your Support
ii
