127
Joanne Davis - puppeteer
Here comes the Bride
Lunch-time
CAMP STAFF - Top row; Rob Weinberg, Assistant
Program Director, Daniella Wind, Shelly Kulchin,
Program Director, Blanche Slott, Administrative
Director, Joanne Davis, Steve Goldman, Missy
Levine, Morry Lasris. Bottom row; Holly Ettlinger,
Arthur Miller, Robin Jerard and Julie Spitzer.
The Center Day Camp is an
integral part of the Center youth
program giving children between the
ages of three and fourteen the oppor
tunity to experience new skills and creative
activities in a warm, friendly Jewish atmos-
phere. We pride ourselves that we continue to
serve the Jewish community with the only Jewish Day
Camp in the Jacksonville and Orange Park areas.
Starting in mid-June the Camp season continues for eight
weeks. Much consideration is given in the selection of an out
standing staff of specialists, Counselors, Junior Counselors and
Counselors-in-T raining.
The four two-week sessions for campers age five through four-
teen years include a special sports camp featuring basketball,
baseball, soccer and a variety of other sports. Arts and crafts,
always a popular activity, supplies materials to inspire the creative
ability of campers of all ages. Older campers experience the joy of
creating clay pottery, batik and weaving. Each session includes
overnight camping and field trips.
We welcome campers of three and four years of age for eight
weekly half-day sessions. This program includes crafts, play-
ground, story telling, movies, snacks and lunch.
All groups have instructional swimming instruction taught by
qualified Water Safety instructors. Water sports also include free
swim periods, races and competitive swimming and canoe instruc-
tion. The camp fee compares with that of other day camps and
includes insurance, snack and lunch. Further information is avail-
able in the Center Office or at the camp office during the summer
sessions.
mm
u
BOGRIM - Ellis Mass, Richard Davis, Allison Jerard,
Joelle Balotin, Beth Schneider, Gary Solomon, Matt
Kulchin, Jeff Montaigne, Rob Thaler, Scott Balotin,
Stephanie Robbins, Julie Sena, David Snider,
Stephanie Taussig and Colman Brodsky.
COUNSELORS-IN-TRAINING - Top row;
Jonathan Cohen, Bobby Grenadier, Miriam Krestul,
Carol Coplan, Lisa Kaufman, Jill Goldstein, Jimmy
Nugent, Rob Weinberg. Bottom row; Lisa Yoffee,
Lynn Witover, Renee Levin, Stacey Sena and Petra
Grammel.
