23
"We weren’t only buying for the future, we were buying for now.”
Louis Safer
The key analysis is that even if we never built a
Jewish Center on this piece of property in a million
years, we had a great summer camp", Spevak said.
"We already had a large house on the property
and we would be paying just over $1,000 an acre
for a permanent camp site. If we lived for an eter-
nity with that proposition we couldn’t lose. If we
ever decided to build our synagogue there, it would
be great. Everything came our way in time.”
Others involved in the selection process agreed
that the camp provided the needed incentive to
purchase the property.
"The thing that compelled us to go forward was
the campsite.” Margol said, "That was the driving
force and Sam (Spevak) couldn’t have found a
better piece of property. The main reason we could
sell the idea of purchasing the property was that
Bob Fischer was tearing his hair out every year
over where to go for a campsite”, recalls Lou Safer.
"We weren’t only buying for the future, we were
buying for now”.
After much debate, sometimes heated, the
Center Board voted to go ahead with the purchase
of the land.
A contract was signed on May 24, 1963, said
Safer, who was acting as the Center’s attorney.
The sellers of the property were listed as Agnes
Lechlider (who resided in the house) and Maybelle
F. Abernathy.
The Olympic A. A. U. Pool during construction as seen in April
1964. One of the first Olympic size pools built in the Jackson-
ville area, the pool is now used by the Day Camp, congregation,
and as a recreational facility available to the community at large
for rental.
In order to obtain the $20,000 needed to close
on the deal, 10 persons were rounded up. Each of
them endorsed a $2,000 note from the Central
Bank. The ten included Louis Portnoy, M. W.
Hollins, Eli Edwards, Wilbur Margol, Louis Safer,
Herman Weiss, Philip Selber, Jack Rosner, Ben
Friedman and B. B. Yoffee.
On August 9, 1963, the closing was held. Ten
months later, a mezzuza was affixed to the door
of the house on the Center’s new property. The
rest is history.
Affixing the mezuzah, with Sam Price Chairman of the Con-
struction Committee placing the final nail in the door of the
existing house at the future home of the Center. Looking on
left to right: Philip Selber, Center President; Jim Clements,
representing the architectural firm of Freedman and Clements;
Louis Safer, Chairman of the Building Fund; and Rabbi
Turetsky.
First services conducted at the new site in conjunction with
the preliminary dedicatory services and Open House on Sunday,
May 31. Officiating, Rabbi A. Turetsky and Cantor A. Marton.
