SIMHAT TORAH CELEBRATION — TUESDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1978
CONGREGATION TO HONOR THREE LEADERS FOR OUTSTANDING SERVICE
The Festival of Sukkot reaches its joyous climax
on Simhat Torah, the last day of the Holiday. Simhat
Torah is the happiest holiday on the Jewish calendar
because we celebrate our joy and pleasure with the
Torah.
Because of Israel’s perennial love of the Torah,
it has been referred to in Jewish tradition as Israel’s
“bride.” A tradition evolved in ancient times to honor
the individual called for the last reading of the Torah
—the Hatan Torah or the groom of the Torah. The
person honored to begin the Torah reading from its
beginning is called Hatan Bereshit the groom of
Genesis. We also honor a woman who has made a dis-
tinctive contribution to our Synagogue and to Jewish
life in general—the “Woman of Valor” honor. We
will honor these individuals at Services on Simhat
Torah morning, Tuesday, October 24.
Services on Simhat Torah Tuesday, October 24
begin at 9:00 a.m. and will include the Hakafot Torah
Scroll Procession. A reception honoring Burton I.
Grossman, Edwin Presser and Ms. Minnie Schreiber
will be held immedately following Services.
The entire congregation extends heartfelt con-
gratulations to Burton and Bea Grossman, Edwin and
Anne Presser and Minnie Schreiber and their families
on this very special moment in their lives.
******
BURTON I. (Bud) GROSSMAN
This year Burton (Bud) Gross-
man will receive the honor of the
Hatan Torah (Bridegroom of the
Torah). Bud has been an active
member of the Finance, Education
and Membership Committees. He
continues to serve on the Building
Fund Committee with the same
dedication he showed when he serv-
ed as our Synagogue President and
Chairman of the Board.
Under Bud’s capable leadership
the School Building at Third and
Silver Streets was constructed with-
out an increase in our mortgage.
Philip Selber, who served as
Chairman of the Board during
Bud’s Presidency, described him as
“a most effective leader because he
himself set an example for the con-
gregation, with his high ideals and
sense of values.”
Even now, in matters of great im-
portance, when senior thought and
advice is needed, Bud is always
consulted. He is greatly respected
by all people with whom he works.
He is a most honorable man, a rie-
voted husband to his wife Bea,
a loving grandfather, and a proud
father of two daughters who have
both displayed leadership qualities
like their father. His daughter,
Ellen Freedman is the immediate
past president of our Sisterhood.
Gail Rice, his other daughter, was
recently elected President of the
Sisterhood of Tefereth Israel in
San Diego, California.
EDWIN PRESSER
Selected to receive the honor of
Hatan Bereshit (Bridegroom of the
Beginning) is Edwin Presser. A
member of the Board of Directors
for twenty years, Ed served as
Vice-President for ten of those
years. He was Chairman of the
Finance Committee and served as
a member of the Building Fund
Committee.
As our main legal counsel, Ed
has represented us on may historic
occasions. He advised us during the
acquisition of our present property
on State Road 13 and assisted in
securing the loan for the said pro-
perty. He was also intensely invol-
ved with the sale of the Third and
Silver Street building.
His willingness to give of his own
time and legal expertise has been
a great personal sacrifice. With
a deep sense of loyalty he has serv-
ed the Center unselfishly. The en-
tire membership is grateful for his
untiring support.
We honor Ed for his time and
commitment for the Jacksonville
Jewish Center. His wife, Anne, and
his children, Marilyn, Stephen and
Jeffrey, all share in this Simha.
MINNIE SCHREIBER
Minnie Schreiber, Chairperson of
the Library Committee, has been
chosen to be our Woman of Valor.
For over fifteen years Minnie has
devoted endless hours of planning
so that our Library will serve as a
complete media resource Center for
the schools and the entire congre-
gation.
River Garden has been another
project Minnie is completely dedi-
cated to. She was the first woman
President and is presently Chair-
person of the Board. Her disting-
uished activities have earned her
recognition in “Who’s Who in
American Women.”
Governor Askew has chosen Min-
nie to be a delegate to the Gover-
nor’s Conference of Library and
Information Services in Tallahas-
see. The knowledge Minnie has
gained from her activties, she brings
to the Center. Minnie is now chair-
ing a sub-committee that is devel-
oping plans for the Rita Gendzier
Exhibit of Judaism.
A devoted Jewess, active not only
in the Jewish community, but all
phases of civic activities. The Cen-
ter takes a great deal of pride in
her work.
