THE PRIDE OF JACKSONVILLE JEWRY
By Dr. A. Bryan, Head Teacher, Jewish Center Hebrew School
No doubt the Jacksonville Jewish Center with the great variety of its many
activities, under the leadership and guidance of our worthy Rabbi, Dr. Harry
Cohen, is the outstanding institution and albaround establishment for sustaining
Jewish life and assuring its future in the city of Jacksonville.
The Center is indeed the home for all Jewish activities. It is a place where
societies, organisations and clubs come together to discuss all matters of Jewish
interest. It is a place where people come to worship God, to hold daily services
in addition to the Sabbaths and Holidays. It is also a place where over two
hundred children obtain instruction in Jewish history and religion, of whom
nearly a hundred children get daily intensive training in Jewish life. It is
also a place where Jewish sons and daughters have their recreation. In short, the
Jacksonville Jewish Center presents itself a huge BODY focusing its energies towards
the good and welfare of the whole Jewish community. A pride indeed !
But a living body must have a soul, and really it has ! For what makes the
whole machinery run so actively and so energetically day in and day out? Is it
not the Talmud Torah, the fundamental Jewish Educational Institution that the
Center possesses? Is not the Talmud Torah the pivot around which all the
Center activities revolve? Yes, it is indeed ! The Talmud Torah is the most
sacred institution that links together all the other Jewish activities connected
with the Center and it has therefore a right to claim its full recognition
from every part of the great body ! Does it obtain the recognition? No, not by
any means !
I, the writer of these lines, having been here for the last seven months as
practical teacher in the Jewish Center, have carefully watched every step of the
functions of the Hebrew School, and as a living witness I may testify to the
effect that the children who were obtaining Hebrew instruction from their teachers
were making strides towards progress, thanks to the ceaseless efforts of the Rabbi,
Dr. Harry Cohen, who untiringly worked for the good of the Talmud Torah, and
thanks to the great efforts on the part of the teachers who worked with one aim
in their mind to bring up the Jewish youth to a conscientious knowledge of the
Jewish spirit. Yes, the Talmud Torah is the one Jewish institution that Jack'
sonville Jewry should be proud of !
And yet, this mighty powerful force is not receiving its proper support. True
all activities are excellent in their places, but the Talmud Torah should not suffer
at the same time.
Standing now at the threshold of a New Year, there is great hope that
Jacksonville Jewry will be imbued by it with- new life and new strength
for that which is the real pride of Jacksonville Jewry, the Talmud Torah.
THE MISHNA CLASS
The highest achievement that has ever been attained in Jewish education in
the history of the Jewish people of Jacksonville has been reached in the formation
of the class in Mishna with interpretations from the Talmud.
The class is composed of boys and girls of the highest class in the Talmud
Torah and will be under the personal instruction of the Rabbi. The class will be
a regular class of the Center Hebrew School.
Instruction this year will be made in the following tractates of the Talmud:
Baba Metala, Aboth and Sanhedrin.
