THE CENTER HEBREW SCHOOL
Fundamental in all its activities is the Hebrew school or the Talmud Torah of
the Center. The Talmud Torah now has eight classes, from beginners in reading
to translation of the Prophets and the Mishnah, including a special class for the
Bar Mitsvah.
On account of the lack of a Rabbi in the Center, the Hebrew School last year
began its activities with no set curriculum or text books. With the coming of
Dr. Harry Cohen, Rabbi of the Center, the entire school was completely reorganised
and proper classes formed.
The method introduced by Dr. Cohen is known as the individual method of
instruction, which has been adopted by the leading Hebrew Schools, of the country.
The success attained last year is an indication of the splendid work which the
school expects to accomplish during -the coming year.
The curriculum includes not only training in the reading of Hebrew, translation
of the Bible, prayers and Hebrew Literature, Jewish ceremonies, Laws and customs,
but also aims at giving the pupils a thorough knowledge of all functions of Jewish
life.
ASSEMBLY PROGRAMS
The assemblies of the Religious School, which take place at 11:30 every Sunday
morning, following the class work, is one of the features of the, educational
activities of the Center. The assembly is made interesting by a short service
with appropriate songs led by the 4Cantor, Biblical and Jewish historical
tableaux and dramatic presentations enacted by the pupils, story sermons by the
Rabbi and Biblical and Palestinian “movies.1’
The Center possesses a completely equipped moving picture machine and
reels of special Jewish interest are shown twice every month.
THE CENTER LIBRARY
One of the institutions of special interest in the Center is its library which
contains books of Jewish and religious content, Jewish periodicals and a
reference department. The library is free to the entire Jewish community, young
and old.
The collection of books which the Center has acquired has been made possible
through the generosity of members and their friends. Numerous memorial gifts
are received throughout the year for the purchase of new books. The name
of the donor and the name of the person memorialised are inscribed on a plate
attached to each book.
9
Donations to the library or contributions for the purchase of books will
be gratefully accepted.
