CRADLE ROLL DEPARTMENT
Introduced by Dr. Cohen last year, the Cradle Roll Department has found
a great deal of favor in the community. Every new-born child of a member of
any of the affiliated organisations of the Center is inscribed on the rolls of the
Center, a special blessing is made by the Rabbi in the synagogue, and the parents
are presented with a beautiful engraved certificate.
The Cradle Roll Department includes all children up to four years of age and
the children between the ages of one to four are now being enrolled.
A Cradle Roll Fund has been created with which books for the library are
purchased, the name of the child being printed on a plate attached to the books
contributed.
THE CENTER RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
The Religious School last year was reorganised with the coming of Dr. Harry
Cohen as the Rabbi of the Center. Under his directions the school has undergone
a remarkable growth.
Three additional classes including a new class in the high school have been added
since the reorganisation of the school. For the first time, a completely graded
curriculum and arrangement of classes is in effect. The number of pupils is
approximately double that of last year.
The Center Religious School (kindergarten through the ninth grade) offers
a nine year course of study in the Jewish religion, Jewish history and literature,
and current events in Jewish life.
The School is divided into three general departments: primary, junior and
senior.. The Primary department consists of the kindergarten through the third
grade; the junior department embraces the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth
grades; the senior department consists of the confirmation class (ninth grade) and
continues in the Center high school. All classes meet on Sunday morning between
the hours of ten and twelve.
All pupils of the junior and senior department are expected to attend the
Saturday morning service in the Center.
A general organisation called "The City of Honor11 has been formed of the
pupils of the junior and senior departments. Representatives from each class
constitute a student council which elects officers to represent the student body of
the school.
a
Registration ;of new pupils took place on September 5th, 6th, and 8th.
Sessions began for all departments on Sunday, September 15th.
