THE CENTER HIGH SCHOOL
The Center High School offers a three year course of advanced study on the
life and literature of the Jewish people to confirmants of the Center and other
pupils of equal standing. The students are familiarised with the institutions of
Israel, with current movements in the Jewish world and are trained to participate
in Jewish communal life.
The students participate in the Friday evening and Saturday morning
services, edit the “Shofar,” the school publication, take charge of the library,
sponsor oratorical and other contests and a number of interesting group activities.
The high school department was organised by Dr. Cohen last January, from the
post confirmation class of six members, which became, thru the efforts of the Rabbi
the first High School class and increased to an enrollment of twenty-one members
This year an additional class has been added for the second year of high school
work.
CENTER SCHOOL FACULTY
Dr. Harry Cohen, Rabbi and Principal
Miss Rosalie Rubin
Miss Dora Selber
Miss Minnie Selber
Miss Ida Safer
Miss Rebecca Smith
Miss Mollie Schemer
Miss Gertrude Wilensky
Miss Reba Wilensky
Mr. David Moscovita, Chairman, Educational Committee, Jacksonville, Jewish Center
Mrs. Max Rubin, Chairman, Religious School Committee, Daughters of Israel
THE SABBATH MORNING SERVICES
(Contributed)
Jacksonville Jewry are fortunate in having appropriate services every Saturday
morning at nine o’clock in the beautiful synagogue of the Center. At the service,
in accordance with the traditional law, a portion of the Torah and a selection from
the Prophets are read.
Dr. Cohen’s brief discourses explaining these portions are inspiring and uplift¬
ing. These sermons are especially adapted by the Rabbi to the children, therefore
every parent should make sure that his child avails himself of these splendid
services. The beautiful hymns chanted by Cantor Edgar make the observance of
the Sabbath a joy and delight.
As a result of rest and religious devotion we strive for a higher life, and
become conscious of what our relations to God should be—to emulate His holiness
and His goodness.
Cantor A. I. Edgar
Dr. A. Bryan
Miss Naomi Becker
Miss Eva Berman
Miss Sue F. Balter
Miss Paula Feldman
Miss Mollie Mizrahi
Miss Goldie Rubin
