THE MEMORIAL SERVICES (Yffikor)
The worshippers at the Center who desire to have the special prayer for
their dear departed read at the Yffikor service on Yom Kippur are requested to
send in these names to the Rabbi, not later than Thursday, October 10th
Cards will be distributed on Rosh Hashonah for the names of the departed.
The memorial service will begin with the sermon of Dr. Cohen following'which
a special memorial service will be read by the Rabbi in association with Cantor
Edgar and choir.
The doors of the Center will remain closed during the memorial service.
THE PRAYER BOOK
The Center will use at its High Holiday services, as in previous years, the
Adler Mach^or with the translation of Israel Zangwill. The attention of all
worshippers is called to the necessity of having a copy of this prayer book in
order to be able to properly participate in the prayers. The beauty and order
of the services are also immeasurably enhanced by a unifom Mach^or.
Prayer books for the Holy Days may be procured in the Center office.
BRANCH HOLIDAY SERVICE
In order to ^accommodate a large number of worshippers, the Center will
conduct again a branch service for the holy days at the synagogue, Jefferson and
Duval Streets. This branch service will be conducted by Rev. B. Safer.
FESTIVAL CELEBRATIONS
Celebrations in observance of the Jewish Festival in the form of gatherings
for the entire Jewish community of Jacksonville are held in the auditorium of the
Center during the year.
The programs of the celebrations include plays, addresses, community singing,
orations, showing of moving pictures, Jewish music and instrumental numbers.
A children’s Seder takes place during the first days of Passover. This Seder
is held under the auspices of the Daughters of Israel, who also co-operate with
the school faculty in the school celebrations.
The first of the community festival celebrations this year will be the Simchath
Torah celebration on Sunday, October 27th.
The festival celebrations are under the direction of Cantor Aaron I. Edgar, who
is in charge of the musical and dramatic activities of the Center
LATE FRIDAY EVENING SERVICES
Late services on Friday evening were resumed on Friday, September 13 th, at
the Center. These services which reach the largest number of people of all the
activities of the Center, will continue regularly after the High Holidays.
A feature introduced by Dr. Cohen last year, were the Home Night services
held in connection with special occasions. During the coming year, the Rabbi plans
to give several series of sermons on topics of present-day interest centering about
one special theme. The Rabbi will also discuss each month an outstanding book of
Jewish interest.
• Congregational singing led by Cantor Aaron I. Edgar and choir are an
outstanding part of the services.
