THE DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
The Daughters of Israel, the Ladies1 Auxiliary of the Center, with a past
record of splendid achievement is looking forward to another busy year.
The Daughters of Israel is the main support of the Jewish educational activities
of Jacksonville and is the source and strength of many of the functions of the
Center. Organised in 1922, the organisation has proven to be a great success from
the very beginning and every year has seen its membership greatly increasing and
its activities widely expanding.
High praise is due to the officers, board and members, having the splendid
and able leadership of Mrs. Samuel Bono, President last year, and Mrs. Charles
M. Kass, Secretary, with the loyalty and devotion of Mrs. Harry Finkelstein, the
Honorary President, for the wonderful achievenments attained last year.
Following the custom of last year the Daughters of Israel will hold two large
gatherings each month. On the first Thursday afternoon of each month the
regular business meeting to be followed by a program and a social hour will be
held. These programs have called forth great praise, the, numbers and the
presentations being given by pupils of the Religious School, with lectures and
addresses by prominent men and women of the community.
The monthly get-together gathering, which was first introduced last year, will
be one of the features of the social .gatherings, of the Center. Surprises and
entertainments are being arranged by the program and entertainment committee
for these affairs.
During January, the outstanding social event of the season-—the Annual
Cabaret—will be held.
For the coming year arrangements have been made for special programs and
study groups. A Father's and Son's, Mother's and Daughter's Dinner, a Musicale,
The Daughters of Israel Home Night and Annual Luncheon and Symposium, will
make the present year memorable.
The Daughters of Israel are affiliated with the Women's League of the United
Synagogues of America, the National Jewish Women's Organisation for the furth¬
erance of Judaism and Jewish Life in America..
The Daughters of Israel actively co-operates with the school faculty of the
Center, presents paintings and banners to the outstanding classes, sponsor the
annual children’s Seder, the confirmation exercises and present gifts to the pupils
of the school at the various festivals.
OFFICERS OF THE DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Harry Finkelstein
Max Rubin
Harry Cohen
Moses Feldman ....
Chas. M. Kass ...
T. M. Schneider .
A. Sager
President
First Vice-President
... Second Vice-President
Third Vice-President
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Treasurer
