ORGANIZATIONS
HEBREW JUNIOR LEAGUE
The Hebrew Junior League is an organisation which has for its purpose the
religious, social and literary advancement of Judaism in Jacksonville. If was formed
by a group of thirty-seven young men and women Feb., 18th, 1926. Since the
initial meeting, the membership has increased considerably, and at present includes
representatives from a majority of the Jewish families in the city.
One of the first responsibilities undertaken by this organisation was the
conducting of Friday night services, for at that time Jacksonville was without a
Rabbi to guide it. Under the auspices of the religious committee of this club
services were held regularly and commendably; this committee only relinquishing
the work on the arrival of Rabbi Benjamin.
An important activity of the club at the time of its formation was its insistence
on, and co-operation, in the building and maintenance of the present Jewish Center.
The role played by the membership in the arousal of public interest in this enter¬
prise, the spreading of propaganda, as well as the actual assistance in raising the
necessary funds, did much toward making possible the building now occupied.
The social affairs given under the direction of this club are varied and numerous
including dances, boat rides, hikes, card parties and beach parties, as well
as entertainments and programs celebrating the various holidays.
Under the auspices of this club lectures have been held at which well-known
speakers from this and other cities delivered their messages.
The Hebrew Junior League is affiliated with the Center and two representatives
from the League are now elected to serve as members of the Board of Directors
of the Center.
Included in the services rendered the Center and therefore the community,
is the landscaping of the grounds surrounding the Jewish Center, which was
financed and supervised by this organisation. Still more recently a set of book¬
cases were presented to the Center, to be used in the Library of the Center which
it has also supported.
The list of accomplishments of the Hebrew Junior League to date forms a
splendid record of achievements, of which any Jewish organisation might well be
proud and which points to a very active year now ahead of it.
TROOP 14 BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA
Troop 14, Boy Scouts of America was organised by a number of Jewish
boys on February 1st, 1919. The object of the organisation is to interest Jewish
boys in the Scout movement, and thus to mold them into good citisens loyal to
their country and devoted to the ideals of their religion.
The organisation meets every Thursday night at the Center. The Troop has
many achievements to its credit and it is interested in aiding all charities and
responds to every call for service.
THE AMITY CLUB
This club was organised in the year 1925 with eight members to form a
charter. It selected for its name “Amity1’ which means friendly relationship.
Originally limited to eight members, this club has grown to be one of the largest
in the state, if not in the South.
Our Thanksgiving dance, which is an annual event, is one of the many
affairs that is sponsored by the club during the year.
The club goes in for anything that is worth while, and at • the present time
is planning on having a basketball team.
The Amity club does not only deal with socials and athletics, but aids in
