charitable work as well. The club has rendered much assistance to various groups
who asked for help. In many instances we have come to the rescue of others
without being requested.
ZIONIST DISTRICT OF JACKSONVILLE
The Jacksonville Zionist District was organised in 1919 under the leadership
of Dr. Salo Stein.
Although its actual membership has not included the larger number of the
Jewish community, it has succeeded in its main function of interesting the Jewish
people of Jacksonville to take an active part in the upbuilding of Palestine.
The Executive Committee of the District includes not only members of the
District, but also representatives from the Senior Hadassah, Junior Hadassah and
Young Judaea, thus co-ordinating all the organisations interested in Palestine.
The local organisation is affiliated with the Zionist Organisation of America,
with headquarters in New York.City.
Wth the renewed interest in Palestine due to the recent outbreak, with the
great need for special aid for the Holy Land, and with all Jewry now united in
the Jewish Agency, the District is planning an enlarged program of activities to
bring the message of the rebuilt Homeland to the city of Jacksonville.
JUNIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Junior Hadassah is one of 193 Units which comprises a total
membership of ten thousand throughout the country.
Junior Hadassah in Jacksonville as well as in other cities has undertaken
certain responsibilities for the upbuilding and rehabilitation of Palestine. It sponsors
two distinct movements; the upkeep of the orphan's home at Meier Shfeyah and
the Nurses Training School in Palestine. Aside from these two movements, the
Junior Hadassah raises a specific sum for the Jewish Natonal Fund. Junior
Hadassah also provides its members here in America with a fine cultural program,
giving them a real understanding of Jewish History, Jewish Life, Literature and
Zionism and keeps them abreast of current Jewish problems.
The Unit in this city began functioning with only a small number, but during
the past year increased its membership considerably and with added strength
sponsored some very successful affairs, such as the Senior and Junior Supper Bridge
and the Manless Minstrel. Several social affairs were also given for the member¬
ship only.
The organisation sponsored a lecture course which was held monthly and some
of the outstanding speakers presenting the topics were: Dr. Harry Cohen, Dr.
Chaim Arlosoroff, Rabbi I. L. Kaplan and Mrs. I. L. Kaplan.
The season closed its activities with the installation banquet in June, in con¬
junction with which a miscellaneous gift shower for the children in Meier Shfevah
was given.
The first business session of this season will take place on October 10th, and
it is the aim of the entire membership to have a bigger and better year and so
be of service to our people in Palestine.
SENIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Hadassah Chapter takes this opportunity to thank their
members and friends for the generous response, they received at their recent card
party, given at the Jewish Center for the Palestine Relief Fund.
The splendid efforts of the officers and members helped to make it a success.
So pleading for the continuous co-operation of all the members and friends
to the coming activities of our Chapter, the Chapter sends greetings and best wishes
for a Happy and Prosperous New Year to all.
