GIRL SCOUTS
During the past year the Girl Scouts, Troop 2y of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, have been very active.
This organisation contains about twenty efficient members who have been very
much interested in Girl Scout work of all kinds.
During the year different phases of Scout lore were gone over, such as nature
work, first aid, handicraft, and other very interesting subjects. They also unden
took long hikes into the country.
The girls have been greatly enthused over earning their own uniforms. Candy
and cookie sales have been staged; each girl having an opportunity to do her share
of the work so that she might be fully satisfied that she had really earned it.
The scouts have also taken a very active part in all the intertroop campfires,
rallies and swimming meets that have been held in the past year.
The third anniversary of this troop was celebrated during the latter part of the
year, the scouts honoring the occasion by having a large social gathering.
YOUNG JUDAEA
Young Judaea is a national organization of groups whose members are between
the ages of nine to eighteen. The Jacksonville organization is affiliated with
Southern Interstate and with the National Young Judaea Headquarters in New York
City.
Young Judaea aims to foster a social environment which makes for joy in
Jewish living and for pleasurable association among Jewish boys and girls. It
aims to cultivate in the Jewish Youth of America an unfailing loyalty to America
and to the Jewish people and its aspirations. Young Judaea aims to re-awaken in
the Jewish Youth the ancient love of learning and imbue them with keen apprecia-
tion of the lasting values of the Hebrew Language and Literature. It aims to
cultivate in them habits -of co-operation and service in the cause of Zionism and
of the Jewish community generally.
Four clubs are now meeting in the Center, a junior club led by Miss Eva
Berman; the Lovers of Zion, led by Miss Minnie Selber and Miss Rebecca Smith;
the intermediate club for girls, led by Miss Rebecca Diamond; and the intermediate
club for boys, led by Mr. William Edelman.
The Young Judaea activities of Jacksonville are held under the direction of a
Young Judaea Council consisting of the leaders and representatives of the various
clubs. Mrs. G. Dryfoos is chairman of the council and the Rabbi of the Center
is the honorary chairman of the council.
All Young Judaea meetings are held on Wednesday evenings at the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center, and visitors are always welcome
INDEPENDENT ORDER BRITH SHOLOM
The Florida Lodge, No. 365, I. O. B. S. was organized in Jacksonville fourteen
years ago.
It’s object is to promote a feeling of fellowship and good will among the
Jewish people of the community.' It also co-operates with the other Lodges of
this Order, scattered all over the United States in promoting a better understanding
between Jews and non-Jews. It has contributed towards the construction of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and co-operates with all other organizations in the
various Jewish movements. From time to time, free social functions are held for
members and their families, such as: banquets, picnics, educational lectures, etc..
The meeting of the local Lodge are held on the second and fourth Sunday of
each month. •
