YAHRZEIT OBSERVANCE
A book containing the Yahrseit of the departed relatives of the members of
the Center is found in the office of the Center. Each relative is informed by the
office of the approaching Yahrseit.
The Center is not in possession of the anniversaries of the relatives of a
number of members of the Center. It is requested that these dates be written on
the memorial card which they will receive to be sent in for the Yiskor service.
A beautiful bronze tablet has been placed in the entrance to the synagogue of
the Center on which special bronze plates, bearing the names of the departed, are
placed. These plates contain the Hebrew and English names and the Yahrseit
dates, both in Hebrew and English.
No more appropriate manner of expressing your regard for the departed, and
at the same time permanently recording the names and dates of the Yahrseit can
be found than to inscribe the names of the departed relatives on this beautiful
tablet.
Anniversary lights are kindled on the tablet, at the side of the special plate,
every year, both on the day of the Yahrseit and on the Friday evening following.
The Moleh Rachamin prayers are also read at the Sabbath services on the yearly
anniversary, at the reading of the Torah, for those inscribed on the Memorial Tablet.
COLLEGE STUDENTS
The Center keeps in touch with its members who are now studying in the
higher institutions of learning. The Rabbi will appreciate being informed of the
names and addresses of the students as he would like to keep in touch with them.
Rabbi Cohen is assisting the Jewish students both at Tallahassee and Gaines-
ville to form permanent organisations and to hold religious services. Through
his efforts a Jewish Women's Organisation has been formed at the Florida State
College for Women in Tallahassee.
The following is an excerpt from the letter which Dr. Cohen received following
his visit to Tallahassee, from the president of the Students organisation.
“The Jewish students at the Florida State College for Women wish to express
to you their hearty gratitude concerning your recent visit to Tallahassee."
“Each one of us has been profoundly affected by the message which you
brought to us in your sermon; each one of us has profitted boundlessly by the
informal discussions we had with you.
v“The Jewish student organisation which you led us in organising I know is
going to be the most advantageous activity for the Jewish girls at the college.
Although this term we cannot begin all our activities you have created so much
enthusiasm that we are all looking forward to the new year. We are all looking
forward with eagerness to your return."
