===== PAGE 1 =====
TEAR BOOK
OF THE
^utkmtmUy (¡tenter
inron mío men
5690
1929—30
===== PAGE 2 =====
A ifappu IjSmt
The Rabbi, Cantor, officers and directors of the Center extend to the members
of the Center and their families their sincere wishes for a happy and prosperous
New Year.
May the Dispenser of all good bless us and our dear ones during the coming
year with peace and well-being.
May he look with favor upon the labor of our hands and minds and prosper
our ways when we seek Him in righteousness.
May He crown our days with love and happiness.
Jteimstf Center
Silver at West Third Street
Dr. Harry Cohen, B. S., Ph. D Rabbi
Aaron I. Edgar Cantor
Officers and Directors of the Center
Harry Finkelstein
Max Rubin ...
Louis Bucholts
Joseph Witten
Lionel D. Joel
Samuel Schwarts
Herman Bloom
Mesod J. Bono
Philip Bork
Meyer Dayan
Moses Feldman
Jacob Fleet
Louis S. Joel
Charles M. Kass
Solomon D. Kramer
Jacob Lapinsky
President
. First Vice-President
Second Vice-President
Treasurer
Secretary
Auditor
David Moscovita
Abe Newman
Nathan Paul
Jack Proctor
Simon Selber
Abe E. Selber
Jacob T. Wilensky
Mrs. Samuel Bono
Mrs. Jacob Lapinsky
Mrs. Chas. M. Kass
Mrs. Max Rubin
===== PAGE 3 =====
HOLIDAY ANNOUNCEMENTS
Services will be rendered by Cantor Aaron I. Edgar
ROSH HASHONAH SERVICES
Friday, October 4th—Rosh Hashonah Eve - 6:30 p. m
Saturday, October 5th, Morning Service — - 7:30 a. m.
Sermon by Rabbi Harry Cohen - - 10:30 a. m.
“Innocent or Guilty?1’
Afternoon Service - - 5:30 p. m,
Evening Service ,... - - - - 6:30 p. m.
Sunday, October 6th—Morning Service 7:30 a. m.
Sounding of the Shofar - - 10:00 a. m
Sermon by Rabbi Harry Cohen — - 10:30 a. m
“Providing For Our Own Home11
SABBATH OF RETURN
Friday, October 11th—Evening Service - 8:30 p. m.
Sermon by the Rabbi
“The Eternal Jew11
Saturday, October 12th—Morning Service 9:00 a. m.
YOM KIPPUR
Sunday, October 13th—Kol Nidrai Service . 6:15 p. m
Sermon by Rabbi Harry Cohen
“Why Jewish Education?11
Monday, October 14th—Morning Service . - 7:30 . m.
Sermon by Rabbi Harry Cohen
“Living or Dead?11
Memorial Service (Yiskor) 11:00 a. m.
SUCCOTH
Friday, October 18th—Evening Service - 8:30 p. m.
Sermon by Rabbi Harry Cohen
“The Symbolism of the Succah11
Saturday, October 19th—Morning Service 9:00 a. m.
Friday, October 25th® Eighth day of Festival 8:30 p. m.
Sermon by the Rabbi
“The Circle of Life11
Saturday, October 26th—^Morning Service 9:00 a. m.
Sunday, October 27th—Simchas Torah —- 9:00 a. m.
Yi^kor - 10:30 a. m.
===== PAGE 4 =====
THE MEMORIAL SERVICES (Yffikor)
The worshippers at the Center who desire to have the special prayer for
their dear departed read at the Yffikor service on Yom Kippur are requested to
send in these names to the Rabbi, not later than Thursday, October 10th
Cards will be distributed on Rosh Hashonah for the names of the departed.
The memorial service will begin with the sermon of Dr. Cohen following'which
a special memorial service will be read by the Rabbi in association with Cantor
Edgar and choir.
The doors of the Center will remain closed during the memorial service.
THE PRAYER BOOK
The Center will use at its High Holiday services, as in previous years, the
Adler Mach^or with the translation of Israel Zangwill. The attention of all
worshippers is called to the necessity of having a copy of this prayer book in
order to be able to properly participate in the prayers. The beauty and order
of the services are also immeasurably enhanced by a unifom Mach^or.
Prayer books for the Holy Days may be procured in the Center office.
BRANCH HOLIDAY SERVICE
In order to ^accommodate a large number of worshippers, the Center will
conduct again a branch service for the holy days at the synagogue, Jefferson and
Duval Streets. This branch service will be conducted by Rev. B. Safer.
FESTIVAL CELEBRATIONS
Celebrations in observance of the Jewish Festival in the form of gatherings
for the entire Jewish community of Jacksonville are held in the auditorium of the
Center during the year.
The programs of the celebrations include plays, addresses, community singing,
orations, showing of moving pictures, Jewish music and instrumental numbers.
A children’s Seder takes place during the first days of Passover. This Seder
is held under the auspices of the Daughters of Israel, who also co-operate with
the school faculty in the school celebrations.
The first of the community festival celebrations this year will be the Simchath
Torah celebration on Sunday, October 27th.
The festival celebrations are under the direction of Cantor Aaron I. Edgar, who
is in charge of the musical and dramatic activities of the Center
LATE FRIDAY EVENING SERVICES
Late services on Friday evening were resumed on Friday, September 13 th, at
the Center. These services which reach the largest number of people of all the
activities of the Center, will continue regularly after the High Holidays.
A feature introduced by Dr. Cohen last year, were the Home Night services
held in connection with special occasions. During the coming year, the Rabbi plans
to give several series of sermons on topics of present-day interest centering about
one special theme. The Rabbi will also discuss each month an outstanding book of
Jewish interest.
• Congregational singing led by Cantor Aaron I. Edgar and choir are an
outstanding part of the services.
===== PAGE 5 =====
THE CENTER HEBREW SCHOOL
Fundamental in all its activities is the Hebrew school or the Talmud Torah of
the Center. The Talmud Torah now has eight classes, from beginners in reading
to translation of the Prophets and the Mishnah, including a special class for the
Bar Mitsvah.
On account of the lack of a Rabbi in the Center, the Hebrew School last year
began its activities with no set curriculum or text books. With the coming of
Dr. Harry Cohen, Rabbi of the Center, the entire school was completely reorganised
and proper classes formed.
The method introduced by Dr. Cohen is known as the individual method of
instruction, which has been adopted by the leading Hebrew Schools, of the country.
The success attained last year is an indication of the splendid work which the
school expects to accomplish during -the coming year.
The curriculum includes not only training in the reading of Hebrew, translation
of the Bible, prayers and Hebrew Literature, Jewish ceremonies, Laws and customs,
but also aims at giving the pupils a thorough knowledge of all functions of Jewish
life.
ASSEMBLY PROGRAMS
The assemblies of the Religious School, which take place at 11:30 every Sunday
morning, following the class work, is one of the features of the, educational
activities of the Center. The assembly is made interesting by a short service
with appropriate songs led by the 4Cantor, Biblical and Jewish historical
tableaux and dramatic presentations enacted by the pupils, story sermons by the
Rabbi and Biblical and Palestinian “movies.1’
The Center possesses a completely equipped moving picture machine and
reels of special Jewish interest are shown twice every month.
THE CENTER LIBRARY
One of the institutions of special interest in the Center is its library which
contains books of Jewish and religious content, Jewish periodicals and a
reference department. The library is free to the entire Jewish community, young
and old.
The collection of books which the Center has acquired has been made possible
through the generosity of members and their friends. Numerous memorial gifts
are received throughout the year for the purchase of new books. The name
of the donor and the name of the person memorialised are inscribed on a plate
attached to each book.
9
Donations to the library or contributions for the purchase of books will
be gratefully accepted.
===== PAGE 6 =====
CRADLE ROLL DEPARTMENT
Introduced by Dr. Cohen last year, the Cradle Roll Department has found
a great deal of favor in the community. Every new-born child of a member of
any of the affiliated organisations of the Center is inscribed on the rolls of the
Center, a special blessing is made by the Rabbi in the synagogue, and the parents
are presented with a beautiful engraved certificate.
The Cradle Roll Department includes all children up to four years of age and
the children between the ages of one to four are now being enrolled.
A Cradle Roll Fund has been created with which books for the library are
purchased, the name of the child being printed on a plate attached to the books
contributed.
THE CENTER RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
The Religious School last year was reorganised with the coming of Dr. Harry
Cohen as the Rabbi of the Center. Under his directions the school has undergone
a remarkable growth.
Three additional classes including a new class in the high school have been added
since the reorganisation of the school. For the first time, a completely graded
curriculum and arrangement of classes is in effect. The number of pupils is
approximately double that of last year.
The Center Religious School (kindergarten through the ninth grade) offers
a nine year course of study in the Jewish religion, Jewish history and literature,
and current events in Jewish life.
The School is divided into three general departments: primary, junior and
senior.. The Primary department consists of the kindergarten through the third
grade; the junior department embraces the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth
grades; the senior department consists of the confirmation class (ninth grade) and
continues in the Center high school. All classes meet on Sunday morning between
the hours of ten and twelve.
All pupils of the junior and senior department are expected to attend the
Saturday morning service in the Center.
A general organisation called "The City of Honor11 has been formed of the
pupils of the junior and senior departments. Representatives from each class
constitute a student council which elects officers to represent the student body of
the school.
a
Registration ;of new pupils took place on September 5th, 6th, and 8th.
Sessions began for all departments on Sunday, September 15th.
===== PAGE 7 =====
THE CENTER HIGH SCHOOL
The Center High School offers a three year course of advanced study on the
life and literature of the Jewish people to confirmants of the Center and other
pupils of equal standing. The students are familiarised with the institutions of
Israel, with current movements in the Jewish world and are trained to participate
in Jewish communal life.
The students participate in the Friday evening and Saturday morning
services, edit the “Shofar,” the school publication, take charge of the library,
sponsor oratorical and other contests and a number of interesting group activities.
The high school department was organised by Dr. Cohen last January, from the
post confirmation class of six members, which became, thru the efforts of the Rabbi
the first High School class and increased to an enrollment of twenty-one members
This year an additional class has been added for the second year of high school
work.
CENTER SCHOOL FACULTY
Dr. Harry Cohen, Rabbi and Principal
Miss Rosalie Rubin
Miss Dora Selber
Miss Minnie Selber
Miss Ida Safer
Miss Rebecca Smith
Miss Mollie Schemer
Miss Gertrude Wilensky
Miss Reba Wilensky
Mr. David Moscovita, Chairman, Educational Committee, Jacksonville, Jewish Center
Mrs. Max Rubin, Chairman, Religious School Committee, Daughters of Israel
THE SABBATH MORNING SERVICES
(Contributed)
Jacksonville Jewry are fortunate in having appropriate services every Saturday
morning at nine o’clock in the beautiful synagogue of the Center. At the service,
in accordance with the traditional law, a portion of the Torah and a selection from
the Prophets are read.
Dr. Cohen’s brief discourses explaining these portions are inspiring and uplift¬
ing. These sermons are especially adapted by the Rabbi to the children, therefore
every parent should make sure that his child avails himself of these splendid
services. The beautiful hymns chanted by Cantor Edgar make the observance of
the Sabbath a joy and delight.
As a result of rest and religious devotion we strive for a higher life, and
become conscious of what our relations to God should be—to emulate His holiness
and His goodness.
Cantor A. I. Edgar
Dr. A. Bryan
Miss Naomi Becker
Miss Eva Berman
Miss Sue F. Balter
Miss Paula Feldman
Miss Mollie Mizrahi
Miss Goldie Rubin
===== PAGE 8 =====
THE DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
The Daughters of Israel, the Ladies1 Auxiliary of the Center, with a past
record of splendid achievement is looking forward to another busy year.
The Daughters of Israel is the main support of the Jewish educational activities
of Jacksonville and is the source and strength of many of the functions of the
Center. Organised in 1922, the organisation has proven to be a great success from
the very beginning and every year has seen its membership greatly increasing and
its activities widely expanding.
High praise is due to the officers, board and members, having the splendid
and able leadership of Mrs. Samuel Bono, President last year, and Mrs. Charles
M. Kass, Secretary, with the loyalty and devotion of Mrs. Harry Finkelstein, the
Honorary President, for the wonderful achievenments attained last year.
Following the custom of last year the Daughters of Israel will hold two large
gatherings each month. On the first Thursday afternoon of each month the
regular business meeting to be followed by a program and a social hour will be
held. These programs have called forth great praise, the, numbers and the
presentations being given by pupils of the Religious School, with lectures and
addresses by prominent men and women of the community.
The monthly get-together gathering, which was first introduced last year, will
be one of the features of the social .gatherings, of the Center. Surprises and
entertainments are being arranged by the program and entertainment committee
for these affairs.
During January, the outstanding social event of the season-—the Annual
Cabaret—will be held.
For the coming year arrangements have been made for special programs and
study groups. A Father's and Son's, Mother's and Daughter's Dinner, a Musicale,
The Daughters of Israel Home Night and Annual Luncheon and Symposium, will
make the present year memorable.
The Daughters of Israel are affiliated with the Women's League of the United
Synagogues of America, the National Jewish Women's Organisation for the furth¬
erance of Judaism and Jewish Life in America..
The Daughters of Israel actively co-operates with the school faculty of the
Center, presents paintings and banners to the outstanding classes, sponsor the
annual children’s Seder, the confirmation exercises and present gifts to the pupils
of the school at the various festivals.
OFFICERS OF THE DAUGHTERS OF ISRAEL
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Mrs.
Harry Finkelstein
Max Rubin
Harry Cohen
Moses Feldman ....
Chas. M. Kass ...
T. M. Schneider .
A. Sager
President
First Vice-President
... Second Vice-President
Third Vice-President
Corresponding Secretary
Recording Secretary
Treasurer
===== PAGE 9 =====
THE PRIDE OF JACKSONVILLE JEWRY
By Dr. A. Bryan, Head Teacher, Jewish Center Hebrew School
No doubt the Jacksonville Jewish Center with the great variety of its many
activities, under the leadership and guidance of our worthy Rabbi, Dr. Harry
Cohen, is the outstanding institution and albaround establishment for sustaining
Jewish life and assuring its future in the city of Jacksonville.
The Center is indeed the home for all Jewish activities. It is a place where
societies, organisations and clubs come together to discuss all matters of Jewish
interest. It is a place where people come to worship God, to hold daily services
in addition to the Sabbaths and Holidays. It is also a place where over two
hundred children obtain instruction in Jewish history and religion, of whom
nearly a hundred children get daily intensive training in Jewish life. It is
also a place where Jewish sons and daughters have their recreation. In short, the
Jacksonville Jewish Center presents itself a huge BODY focusing its energies towards
the good and welfare of the whole Jewish community. A pride indeed !
But a living body must have a soul, and really it has ! For what makes the
whole machinery run so actively and so energetically day in and day out? Is it
not the Talmud Torah, the fundamental Jewish Educational Institution that the
Center possesses? Is not the Talmud Torah the pivot around which all the
Center activities revolve? Yes, it is indeed ! The Talmud Torah is the most
sacred institution that links together all the other Jewish activities connected
with the Center and it has therefore a right to claim its full recognition
from every part of the great body ! Does it obtain the recognition? No, not by
any means !
I, the writer of these lines, having been here for the last seven months as
practical teacher in the Jewish Center, have carefully watched every step of the
functions of the Hebrew School, and as a living witness I may testify to the
effect that the children who were obtaining Hebrew instruction from their teachers
were making strides towards progress, thanks to the ceaseless efforts of the Rabbi,
Dr. Harry Cohen, who untiringly worked for the good of the Talmud Torah, and
thanks to the great efforts on the part of the teachers who worked with one aim
in their mind to bring up the Jewish youth to a conscientious knowledge of the
Jewish spirit. Yes, the Talmud Torah is the one Jewish institution that Jack'
sonville Jewry should be proud of !
And yet, this mighty powerful force is not receiving its proper support. True
all activities are excellent in their places, but the Talmud Torah should not suffer
at the same time.
Standing now at the threshold of a New Year, there is great hope that
Jacksonville Jewry will be imbued by it with- new life and new strength
for that which is the real pride of Jacksonville Jewry, the Talmud Torah.
THE MISHNA CLASS
The highest achievement that has ever been attained in Jewish education in
the history of the Jewish people of Jacksonville has been reached in the formation
of the class in Mishna with interpretations from the Talmud.
The class is composed of boys and girls of the highest class in the Talmud
Torah and will be under the personal instruction of the Rabbi. The class will be
a regular class of the Center Hebrew School.
Instruction this year will be made in the following tractates of the Talmud:
Baba Metala, Aboth and Sanhedrin.
===== PAGE 10 =====
YAHRZEIT OBSERVANCE
A book containing the Yahrseit of the departed relatives of the members of
the Center is found in the office of the Center. Each relative is informed by the
office of the approaching Yahrseit.
The Center is not in possession of the anniversaries of the relatives of a
number of members of the Center. It is requested that these dates be written on
the memorial card which they will receive to be sent in for the Yiskor service.
A beautiful bronze tablet has been placed in the entrance to the synagogue of
the Center on which special bronze plates, bearing the names of the departed, are
placed. These plates contain the Hebrew and English names and the Yahrseit
dates, both in Hebrew and English.
No more appropriate manner of expressing your regard for the departed, and
at the same time permanently recording the names and dates of the Yahrseit can
be found than to inscribe the names of the departed relatives on this beautiful
tablet.
Anniversary lights are kindled on the tablet, at the side of the special plate,
every year, both on the day of the Yahrseit and on the Friday evening following.
The Moleh Rachamin prayers are also read at the Sabbath services on the yearly
anniversary, at the reading of the Torah, for those inscribed on the Memorial Tablet.
COLLEGE STUDENTS
The Center keeps in touch with its members who are now studying in the
higher institutions of learning. The Rabbi will appreciate being informed of the
names and addresses of the students as he would like to keep in touch with them.
Rabbi Cohen is assisting the Jewish students both at Tallahassee and Gaines-
ville to form permanent organisations and to hold religious services. Through
his efforts a Jewish Women's Organisation has been formed at the Florida State
College for Women in Tallahassee.
The following is an excerpt from the letter which Dr. Cohen received following
his visit to Tallahassee, from the president of the Students organisation.
“The Jewish students at the Florida State College for Women wish to express
to you their hearty gratitude concerning your recent visit to Tallahassee."
“Each one of us has been profoundly affected by the message which you
brought to us in your sermon; each one of us has profitted boundlessly by the
informal discussions we had with you.
v“The Jewish student organisation which you led us in organising I know is
going to be the most advantageous activity for the Jewish girls at the college.
Although this term we cannot begin all our activities you have created so much
enthusiasm that we are all looking forward to the new year. We are all looking
forward with eagerness to your return."
===== PAGE 11 =====
OUR MANY ACTIVITIES
Among the activities which the Center will foster during; the coming year^
addition to the activities of the individual organisations are the following:
EDUCATION
Daily Hebrew School, 3:30 to 7:00 p. m.
Sunday School, 10:00 to 12:00 a. m.
Adult classes for the study of Hebrew.
Americanisation class
Teacher's Institute on Tuesday evenings.
Study groups in the Bible and Jewish Literature.
RELIGIOUS SERVICES
Daily traditional services in the Beth Hamidrash at 6:30 a. m. and 6:00 p. m.
Saturday morning and Holiday services in main synagogue at 9:00 a. m.
Late Friday evening services at 8:30 p. m.
CULTURAL AND SOCIAL ACTIVITIES
Dramatic groups with play presentations
Senior and Junior choir and choral society.
Holiday and Festival Celebrations.
School Orchestra
Debating and oratorical contests.
Young Judaea groups.
Boy scout group.
Girl scout group.
Lectures and concerts
Monthly Get-together gatherings
===== PAGE 12 =====
ORGANIZATIONS
HEBREW JUNIOR LEAGUE
The Hebrew Junior League is an organisation which has for its purpose the
religious, social and literary advancement of Judaism in Jacksonville. If was formed
by a group of thirty-seven young men and women Feb., 18th, 1926. Since the
initial meeting, the membership has increased considerably, and at present includes
representatives from a majority of the Jewish families in the city.
One of the first responsibilities undertaken by this organisation was the
conducting of Friday night services, for at that time Jacksonville was without a
Rabbi to guide it. Under the auspices of the religious committee of this club
services were held regularly and commendably; this committee only relinquishing
the work on the arrival of Rabbi Benjamin.
An important activity of the club at the time of its formation was its insistence
on, and co-operation, in the building and maintenance of the present Jewish Center.
The role played by the membership in the arousal of public interest in this enter¬
prise, the spreading of propaganda, as well as the actual assistance in raising the
necessary funds, did much toward making possible the building now occupied.
The social affairs given under the direction of this club are varied and numerous
including dances, boat rides, hikes, card parties and beach parties, as well
as entertainments and programs celebrating the various holidays.
Under the auspices of this club lectures have been held at which well-known
speakers from this and other cities delivered their messages.
The Hebrew Junior League is affiliated with the Center and two representatives
from the League are now elected to serve as members of the Board of Directors
of the Center.
Included in the services rendered the Center and therefore the community,
is the landscaping of the grounds surrounding the Jewish Center, which was
financed and supervised by this organisation. Still more recently a set of book¬
cases were presented to the Center, to be used in the Library of the Center which
it has also supported.
The list of accomplishments of the Hebrew Junior League to date forms a
splendid record of achievements, of which any Jewish organisation might well be
proud and which points to a very active year now ahead of it.
TROOP 14 BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA
Troop 14, Boy Scouts of America was organised by a number of Jewish
boys on February 1st, 1919. The object of the organisation is to interest Jewish
boys in the Scout movement, and thus to mold them into good citisens loyal to
their country and devoted to the ideals of their religion.
The organisation meets every Thursday night at the Center. The Troop has
many achievements to its credit and it is interested in aiding all charities and
responds to every call for service.
THE AMITY CLUB
This club was organised in the year 1925 with eight members to form a
charter. It selected for its name “Amity1’ which means friendly relationship.
Originally limited to eight members, this club has grown to be one of the largest
in the state, if not in the South.
Our Thanksgiving dance, which is an annual event, is one of the many
affairs that is sponsored by the club during the year.
The club goes in for anything that is worth while, and at • the present time
is planning on having a basketball team.
The Amity club does not only deal with socials and athletics, but aids in
===== PAGE 13 =====
charitable work as well. The club has rendered much assistance to various groups
who asked for help. In many instances we have come to the rescue of others
without being requested.
ZIONIST DISTRICT OF JACKSONVILLE
The Jacksonville Zionist District was organised in 1919 under the leadership
of Dr. Salo Stein.
Although its actual membership has not included the larger number of the
Jewish community, it has succeeded in its main function of interesting the Jewish
people of Jacksonville to take an active part in the upbuilding of Palestine.
The Executive Committee of the District includes not only members of the
District, but also representatives from the Senior Hadassah, Junior Hadassah and
Young Judaea, thus co-ordinating all the organisations interested in Palestine.
The local organisation is affiliated with the Zionist Organisation of America,
with headquarters in New York.City.
Wth the renewed interest in Palestine due to the recent outbreak, with the
great need for special aid for the Holy Land, and with all Jewry now united in
the Jewish Agency, the District is planning an enlarged program of activities to
bring the message of the rebuilt Homeland to the city of Jacksonville.
JUNIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Junior Hadassah is one of 193 Units which comprises a total
membership of ten thousand throughout the country.
Junior Hadassah in Jacksonville as well as in other cities has undertaken
certain responsibilities for the upbuilding and rehabilitation of Palestine. It sponsors
two distinct movements; the upkeep of the orphan's home at Meier Shfeyah and
the Nurses Training School in Palestine. Aside from these two movements, the
Junior Hadassah raises a specific sum for the Jewish Natonal Fund. Junior
Hadassah also provides its members here in America with a fine cultural program,
giving them a real understanding of Jewish History, Jewish Life, Literature and
Zionism and keeps them abreast of current Jewish problems.
The Unit in this city began functioning with only a small number, but during
the past year increased its membership considerably and with added strength
sponsored some very successful affairs, such as the Senior and Junior Supper Bridge
and the Manless Minstrel. Several social affairs were also given for the member¬
ship only.
The organisation sponsored a lecture course which was held monthly and some
of the outstanding speakers presenting the topics were: Dr. Harry Cohen, Dr.
Chaim Arlosoroff, Rabbi I. L. Kaplan and Mrs. I. L. Kaplan.
The season closed its activities with the installation banquet in June, in con¬
junction with which a miscellaneous gift shower for the children in Meier Shfevah
was given.
The first business session of this season will take place on October 10th, and
it is the aim of the entire membership to have a bigger and better year and so
be of service to our people in Palestine.
SENIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Hadassah Chapter takes this opportunity to thank their
members and friends for the generous response, they received at their recent card
party, given at the Jewish Center for the Palestine Relief Fund.
The splendid efforts of the officers and members helped to make it a success.
So pleading for the continuous co-operation of all the members and friends
to the coming activities of our Chapter, the Chapter sends greetings and best wishes
for a Happy and Prosperous New Year to all.
===== PAGE 14 =====
charitable work as well. The club has rendered much assistance to various groups
who asked for help. In many instances we have come to the rescue of others
without being requested.
ZIONIST DISTRICT OF JACKSONVILLE
The Jacksonville Zionist District was organised in 1919 under the leadership
of Dr. Salo Stein.
Although its actual membership has not included the larger number of the
Jewish community, it has succeeded in its main function of interesting the Jewish
people of Jacksonville to take an active part in the upbuilding of Palestine.
The Executive Committee of the District includes not only members of the
District, but also representatives from the Senior Hadassah, Junior Hadassah and
Young Judaea, thus co-ordinating all the organisations interested in Palestine.
The local organisation is affiliated with the Zionist Organisation of America,
with headquarters in New York.City.
Wth the renewed interest in Palestine due to the recent outbreak, with the
great need for special aid for the Holy Land, and with all Jewry now united in
the Jewish Agency, the District is planning an enlarged program of activities to
bring the message of the rebuilt Homeland to the city of Jacksonville.-
JUNIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Junior Hadassah is one of 193 Units which comprises a total
membership of ten thousand throughout the country.
Junior Hadassah in Jacksonville as well as in other cities has undertaken
certain responsibilities for the upbuilding and rehabilitation of Palestine. It sponsors
two distinct movements; the upkeep of the orphan's home at Meier Shfeyah and
the Nurses Training School in Palestine. Aside from these two movements, the
Junior Hadassah raises a specific sum for the Jewish Natonal Fund. Junior
Hadassah also provides its members here in America with a fine cultural program,
giving them a real understanding of Jewish History, Jewish Life, Literature and
Zionism and keeps them abreast of current Jewish problems.
The Unit in this city began functioning with only a small number, but during
the past year increased its membership considerably and with added strength
sponsored some very successful affairs, such as the Senior and Junior Supper Bridge
and the Manless Minstrel. Several social affairs were also given for the member¬
ship only.
The organisation sponsored a lecture course which was held monthly and some
of the outstanding speakers presenting the topics were: Dr. Harry Cohen, Dr.
Chaim Arlosoroff, Rabbi I. L. Kaplan and Mrs. I. L. Kaplan.
The season closed its activities with the installation banquet in June, in con¬
junction with which a miscellaneous gift shower for the children in Meier Shfevah
was given.
The first business session of this season will take place on October 10th, and
it is the aim of the entire membership to have a bigger and better year and so
be of service to our people in Palestine.
SENIOR HADASSAH
The Jacksonville Hadassah Chapter takes this opportunity to thank their
members and friends for the generous response, they received at their recent card
party, given at the Jewish Center for the Palestine Relief Fund.
The splendid efforts of the officers and members helped to make it a success.
So pleading for the continuous co-operation of all the members and friends
to the coming activities of our Chapter, the Chapter sends greetings and best wishes
for a Happy and Prosperous New Year to all.
===== PAGE 15 =====
GIRL SCOUTS
During the past year the Girl Scouts, Troop 2y of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, have been very active.
This organisation contains about twenty efficient members who have been very
much interested in Girl Scout work of all kinds.
During the year different phases of Scout lore were gone over, such as nature
work, first aid, handicraft, and other very interesting subjects. They also unden
took long hikes into the country.
The girls have been greatly enthused over earning their own uniforms. Candy
and cookie sales have been staged; each girl having an opportunity to do her share
of the work so that she might be fully satisfied that she had really earned it.
The scouts have also taken a very active part in all the intertroop campfires,
rallies and swimming meets that have been held in the past year.
The third anniversary of this troop was celebrated during the latter part of the
year, the scouts honoring the occasion by having a large social gathering.
YOUNG JUDAEA
Young Judaea is a national organization of groups whose members are between
the ages of nine to eighteen. The Jacksonville organization is affiliated with
Southern Interstate and with the National Young Judaea Headquarters in New York
City.
Young Judaea aims to foster a social environment which makes for joy in
Jewish living and for pleasurable association among Jewish boys and girls. It
aims to cultivate in the Jewish Youth of America an unfailing loyalty to America
and to the Jewish people and its aspirations. Young Judaea aims to re-awaken in
the Jewish Youth the ancient love of learning and imbue them with keen apprecia-
tion of the lasting values of the Hebrew Language and Literature. It aims to
cultivate in them habits -of co-operation and service in the cause of Zionism and
of the Jewish community generally.
Four clubs are now meeting in the Center, a junior club led by Miss Eva
Berman; the Lovers of Zion, led by Miss Minnie Selber and Miss Rebecca Smith;
the intermediate club for girls, led by Miss Rebecca Diamond; and the intermediate
club for boys, led by Mr. William Edelman.
The Young Judaea activities of Jacksonville are held under the direction of a
Young Judaea Council consisting of the leaders and representatives of the various
clubs. Mrs. G. Dryfoos is chairman of the council and the Rabbi of the Center
is the honorary chairman of the council.
All Young Judaea meetings are held on Wednesday evenings at the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center, and visitors are always welcome
INDEPENDENT ORDER BRITH SHOLOM
The Florida Lodge, No. 365, I. O. B. S. was organized in Jacksonville fourteen
years ago.
It’s object is to promote a feeling of fellowship and good will among the
Jewish people of the community.' It also co-operates with the other Lodges of
this Order, scattered all over the United States in promoting a better understanding
between Jews and non-Jews. It has contributed towards the construction of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center and co-operates with all other organizations in the
various Jewish movements. From time to time, free social functions are held for
members and their families, such as: banquets, picnics, educational lectures, etc..
The meeting of the local Lodge are held on the second and fourth Sunday of
each month. •
===== PAGE 16 =====
A ifapptj Steut
May the Flew Tear bring Happiness and Prosperity to all our Relatives
and Friends, to all Israel
===== PAGE 17 =====
A Happy Ifear
the Flew Tear bring Happiness and Prosperity to all our Relatives
and Friends, to all Israel
===== PAGE 18 =====
A ifapptj £íi»ni
Mil}) the J\[ew Tear bring Happiness and Prosperity to all our Relatives
and Friends, to all Israel
===== PAGE 19 =====
SAFER’S
NATIONAL KOSHER MARKET AND DELICATESSEN
705 West Adams Street Telephone 5'1027
Wishes all their Friends and Patrons
A HAPPY AHD PROSPEROUS 7s[EW YEAR
ll¡llll!!!!ll!!i!!llllllllllllllll¡llllll|l¡l!l|l|!l!U!!!!l!!llllllllllllll!llll|||!l|¡í¡l!|[!!!l!¡!l¡l!llllllll!llllllllllllllllllllllilí!!!l!tí¡¡ll¡lllllllllll¡lllllllllllllllllllll!ll!!!l!n!!!!í!!lllll!!!!!!¡!llll!!l!llllll¡llllll!lllllllllll!l¡llll¡l!
KOSHER RESTAURANT
Open 7:00 A. M. to 10:00 P. M. Telephone 3-9141
614 West Adams Street
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
PARTIES AND WEDDINGS CATERED TO
Mr and Mrs. Begal, Prop. Jacksonville, Florida
Wishing all our friends and patrons
A Happy 7s[ew Year
!ll!llll!IUI!!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!IHIIIIIIIIIliilllll!llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!lll!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIM
BECKER.
KOSHER MARKET AND DELICATESSEN
209 Broad Street Telephone 3"0238
Extends its Best Wishes for
A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS NEW TEAR
To all its Friends and Patrons
===== PAGE 20 =====
A. W. RUUS, President
LAURA AT UNION STREET
Telephone 5-0010 and 5-0011
Extends its best wishes to the
Jacksonville Jewish Community
for happiness throughout the
coming year.
===== PAGE 21 =====
;;y; m
*arcr rmtD njt&b
“Your l^ewspaper”
ELLARD G. KOHK
Owner—Publisher
