JXabtifá jüeááage
The year of construction has also been a cost con¬
structive year in all phases of Center activity. True, our
best energies and thought in the year 5710 that we are
summarizing in the 1950-51 edition of the Year Book were
devoted to the erection of our Activity Building and re¬
modeling portions of the present building for educational
purposes. Closer study of our program during the same
period, however, will reveal that we kept apace with the
line of progress our synagogue has shown in recent years.
To be more specific. Included this year among branches
of the Center family is a new affiliate, the C. Y. L. During
this past year the Center Youth League was formed and
made a place for itself in the community as will be shown
further on. Registrations in the various departments of our
Religious School showed increases in proportion greater
than mere increase in population. We are improving om
services constantly. Gratifying indeed were the projects
undertaken and successfully accomplished by our Sister¬
hood, Men’s Club and Y. P. L. We look forward to
ever more impressive records once our enlarged and more
beautiful accomodations are ready for occupancy, with the
help of the Almighty, within a matter of months.
For a full appreciation of what the Center means in
the life of its members a broader view is necessary. We
have to place ourselves against the backdrop of history
as well as against the present outlook on the Jewish scene.
How does the Center compare with the congregation that
it was in 1927 when the present location was occupied?
There is almost no basis for comparison with the modest
beginnings in B’nai Israel which was our original syna¬
gogue formed at the turn of the century. We have ad¬
vanced from stage to stage on the impetus of Conservative
Judaism in America.
Center leaders have understood for some time that
the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, the United
Synagogue and the Rabbinical Assembly form a fountain¬
head for vibrant and vital Jewish life on the American
Continent. That awareness is spreading to an ever wider
circle within our membership. Increased numbers of
Friends of the Seminary year by year is a sure indication.
On the national level and in the region,
officers of the Center are well represented. The strength
that we add to the Conservative movements whether by
strengthening the arm of the Seminary, United Synagogue,
Rabbi Sanders A. Tofield
or Woman’s League reflects directly upon our own ef¬
fectiveness in bringing the message of our faith closer to
the hearts of our own people.
With a deep sense of gratitude to the Almighty I
contemplate the opportunity I had as your Rabbi to share
in two of the most basic issues confronting traditional Jew¬
ish living in America today. It was my prvilege to serve
on commissions of the Rabbinical Assembly deliberating
on the most effectve rapprochement between the new Israel
emerging in the Lloly Land and the greatest settlemet of
diaspora Jewry that we represent in America. Secondly
revitalization of the Sabbath for our people through a
better understanding of our traditional law called the
Halakhah became a major concern. The concepts and pro¬
cedures clarified at the Rabbinical Assembly Jubilee Con¬
vention may well prove to be the light guiding us to Zion
and blissful realization of worthy life in America. The
year 5711 that beckons with divine promise as we pass
through its gateway on Rosh Hashanah coming calls upon
us for renewed commitment. Pray that our synagogue
shall respond nobly to the challenge.
Years of construction are before us. They can be
years of reconstruction in the souls and hearts of all who
thrill to the lofty tradition that has been our heritage and
to which we are eternally bound. May the year 5711 bring
happiness and joy, well being and blessing to the entire
Center family.
5
