Brestbent’s; jfleásage
In meeting the day to day problems of the Center,
certain distinct conclusions make themselves apparent. Our
greatest need today is a better evaluation of the Center
program by its members. One thought above all else must
be hammered home/’ The work of the Center is not a
charity nor is it concerned with the providing of luxuries.
It is solely directed to making our devotion to God meaning¬
ful and in making our lives as American Jews balanced and
normal.
Few Center members can visualize the rearing of a
family without the assistance of the Center. Can one imagine
having a son grow into manhood, without bene fit o f Heb-
rew religious education, Bar Mitzvah, confirmation, and
without the opportunity for meeting socially with other
young Jewish people? Certainly, the Center is part of our
living. Normal Jewish life would be impossible in Jackson¬
ville without it. Why then do we experience such difficulty
in getting our members to consider their obligations to the
Center as they do their other every day living expenses?
Again, the Center is not a charity, nor is it a luxury.
Too often synagogue leadership is criticised for concern¬
ing itself with monetary matters. This is not the role that
such leadership would prefer, but rather it is the role which
has been reduced by congregation membership, for those
burdened with responsibility have become convinced that
what a congregation achieves depends to a great degree upon
the amount of funds it can secure. Especially is this true of
the Conservative Synagogue.
The Conservative Synagogue is primarily interested in
developing Jews who are loyal to their traditions and at the
same time well integrated as Americans of the twentieth
century. This program is not easy nor is it inexpensive. The
requirements are considerable. The old fashioned Chedar
• or Hebrew School will not do it. Neither will the once a
week Sunday religious school alone be successful. It is the
nursery-kindergarten, the daily Hebrew School, the Sun¬
day religious school, the day camp, the well trained staffs,
meeting in modern facilities and served by adequate bus
systems, that are today's requirements.
Schools alone are not enough. The recreational and
social activities of the children must also be provided in a
sympathetic Jewish enviroment. Religious services must be
traditional and yet attuned to the needs of the modern adult,
thus requiring progressive spirtual leadership, the services
of Cantor and choir, all with the greatest degree of talent
and training. Modern congregational members demand the
pastoral services of a Rabbi and staff and the sonstant avail¬
ability for performance of Jewish rituals.
Philip Selber
We certainly cannot sell our way of Jewish life on
the basis of price or convenience. We can only secure the
loyalty of our members by convincing them of the destiny
of conservative Judaism and its philosophy of American
Jewish life. Our members must have a keen sense of loyalty
to the Center as the local expression of this movement. It
is good for them as it is for the Center.
The evident conclusion is that congregations cannot
be maintained on the basis of each person paying according
to what he directly receives. Some members who are on
fixed salaries or who are in small businessess cannot pos¬
sibly pay the cost of the direct services which they receive.
Similarly, at certain periods the demands o f the individual
on the institution are at a peak, while at other times his
requirements are at a minimum below his actual contrib¬
ution. We must therefore realize the merit o f the now accep¬
ted princip le that our support must be proportionate with
our financial ability. Above all, we must keep in mind that
if we are interested in success of American Jewish life,
we should not transfer the financial responsibi lity com¬
pletely to the parents of the children who are the medium
by which Judaism in America will survive.
At this time I call on you to stand aside from day to
day activities long enough to analyze the 1 ong term trends
and fundumental meaning of your Center-Synagogue. Such
examinations become imperative if the organization is to
experience sound growth.
Sincerest and warmest greetings to each and everyone
of you for a Happy New Year.
7
