Year of Construction
The dream of a spacious, modern building to fulfill
the religious, educational, and social needs of the congre¬
gation is growing into reality as each day passes. This
past year has indeed been a ‘ year of construction.”
The steel framework of the building has been com¬
pleted, and the outside brick work is well on its way to¬
ward completion. The builder reports that it will most
likely be ready for dedication sometime in October. The
product of the hard work and perseverance of the Building
Expansion Committee is shaping up very well. It is in¬
deed gratifying that alter many years of planning we are
Cfe.
now seeing the activities building practically a reality. The
job is not really finished. Everyone’s cooperation will still
be needed to carry out the plans to the fullest.
Ground Breaking Ceremonies
THE YEAR’S PROGRESS
The High Holidays worshippers last year found the
buildings which occupied the site of the new building,
partially dismantled. This was the first sign of visible
beginnings of work on the new building program, and most
people began to feel that here was something concrete to
the many discussions, meetings, and plans concerning the
Building Expansion Program. Here was a challenge to
everyone, and a responsibility to see that these plans be
carried through from this beginning.
Sunday, January 8, 1950, witnessed the Ground Break¬
ing Ceremonies for the New Activities Building. 1 here
were three hundred adults and two hundred children gath¬
ered on the former play ground court to witness the mag¬
nificently planned program for this occasion. The guest
speaker was Rabbi Robert Gordis, well known American
Jewish scholar, author and lecturer. His inspiring address
Future of American Jewry ”, was very well received by
the gathering.
I he chairman of the Building Expansion Committee,
H arrv Gend zier, called on former presidents of the Jack¬
sonville Jewish Center an d his fell ow officers to form a
procession to a point near the flag pole where the actual
turning of the ground took place. Max Rubin, an officer
in the administration that put up the present building, rem¬
inisced on the era beween the two building projects.
15
