Year of Construction. •
A very colorful flag raising ceremony was presented
by the Boy Scout Troop 14 in cooperation with the Cubs
and Brownies. *T he students of the Kindergarten partici¬
pated with a miniature bucket and shove! march. 1 he var¬
ious affiliated organizations oí the Jacksonville Jewis h Cen¬
ter were represented at the program, in the person of their
presiding officers, and each sent messages of congratulations
and renewed cooperation toward this wonderful project.
At the close of the Annual Membership Meeting held
on Monday, January 16, 1950. Harry Gendzier announced
that the contract had been signed. Faith, characteristic of
centuries of Jewish history, he said, will surely be mani¬
fested by Jacksonville Jewry in providing funds for the
building expansion program. The building wifi consist of
much more than walls and equipment; it will confirm a
traditional dynamic Judaism. J he financia! obligations in¬
curred will be met long before this generation turns the
building over to the leadership o I the coming generation .
This was the signal to the Building Expansion Com¬
mittee to see that old pledges were met and new ones suc¬
cessfully obtained.
CORNERSTONE LAYING PROGRAM
The work on the new building progressed very well,
and on Sunday, April 25, the ceremony o! the Cornerstone
Laying was held. I he Rabbis of the community extended
greetings from their respective congregations. I he past
presidents of the Sisterhood and I he Mens Club and
representatives of youth organizations extended good wishes
It was especially heartwarming to hear the many thanks
and praises to those responsible for this new activities
building from the youth organization representatives who
stressed their feeling of appreciation to those who realized
the need for this building in our community and have
worked so diligently to see it a rea Iity.
The conerstone placement as well as the deposit of
records by the various representatives and members of the
committee was followed by a banquet when Rabbi Harry
Halpern of Brooklyn, N. Y., gave a scholarly, inspiring, and
witty address, enjoyed by everyone.
17
