CENTER MEN’S CLUB
OFFICERS
President
1st Vice President
2nd Vice President ....
3rd Vice President
4th Vice President
Treasurer
Secretary
Membership Secretary
Monitor
Auditor
Louis R. Mo ss
William Z. Goldberg
William Ro sner
Ted Friedman
Gilbert Faber
Herbert Sandler
Norman Mo SS
Sam Bryan
Joe KrestuI
Sam Fleet
Year booh reports are often filled with a glow of
braggadocia and this report for the Center Men s Club is
certainly deserving of its bach-patting . We of the Men’s
Club feel proud of our past record which we have ac¬
complished in the short five years of our organization.
While we principally serve as a right hand for the
Center our activities are many. Our religious worh and
functions have proven to be outstanding projects. 1 he
Mi nyan Club, originally an idea of Cantor Abraham Mar-
ton, has developed into a Sunday must for all Bar Mitzvah
boys and is now fixed as a definite function for our or¬
ganization. There are numerous other fuctions of our re¬
ligious committee and this year we are Ioohing forward
to greater achievements under the capable chairmanship
of Mr. Ted Friedman.
Athletic participation has been revived in the Center
through the Men’s Club. Numerous team championships
have been won and this year the athletic program will
add individual athletics for all interested members .
Men’s Club social activities have been limited in the
past to our exclusive and fascinating Monte Carlo Affairs.
This season we are really 'going social” and the entire
membership is looking forward to what the new social
committee will do.
It has been noted before that the most active members
of the Club are the younger members and the new fathers.
It must be fitting therefore that so much good has been
done in the interest of youth activities and in behalf o f the
Sunday Schools. None of these functions pass without the
assistance, in some form, of the Center Men s Club. The
YPL and the CYL have originated in this community
under the supervision of our own Youth Activities ch airman
and we have been in constant touch with their affairs and
interests. We hope to continue sharing our mutual pro¬
grams and to develop this work in the Center.
The obvious new challenge to the Mens Club next
season is the Center s building and expansion program. No
other organization could feel more proud than we do to
accept this challenge and participate in every way towards
the new building.
The new officers and board members are most anxious
to get the season under way and are looking forward to
another banner year.
COMPLIMENTS OF
V
COMPLIMENTS OF
McKesson & robbins, inc.
MITCHELL & JOHNS SALON
JACKSONVILLE
51 W. ADAMS STREET PHONE 5-0760
27
