THE SISTERHOOD BEAUTIFICATION FUND
Mrs. Ralph Mizrahi, Chairman
Beautication Fund is the special project sponsored
by the Center Sisterhood for the furnishing, equiping and
decorating portions of the new activities building.
The committee directing the activities in connection
with the fund was only orginazed late in the spring of
1950, but is already deeply engrossed in several money
raising projects designed to assure the aims it set for itself.
Heading the committee are Mrs. Ralph S. Mizrahi,
chairman; Mrs. Hyman Selber, co-chairman; Mrs. Lou
Feigenbaum, secretary; and Mrs. Jack Becker, treasurer.
PROJECTS
LOUNGE—The large lounge opening off the main
lobby will be attractively furnished and decorated, afford¬
ing a commodius and well appointed parlor lor receptions,
luncheons, meetings etc.
LIBRARY—T his large panelled room with built-in
book cases, will be equipped with library tables and chairs,
and will be convertible into a Board room for special meet¬
ings and conferences, adult classes, luncheons, etc.
KITCHEN—All new equipment of hotel standard will
make possible serving a maximum of 600 persons. All new
china and silverware is contemplated. Separate kitchen
facilities for meat and milk are being provided.
LANDSCAPING—(See paragraph at end).
FUND RAISING ACTIVITIES
YEAR BOOK—This committee under the chairman¬
ship of Mrs. Ben Chepenik, Mrs. Joseph Krestul and Mrs.
Hyman Selber, has taken over the solicitation of advertise¬
ments for the Center Year Book. Proceeds over the actual
cost of printing go into the Beautification Fund. This ac¬
tivity has become the most productive source of income to
date and is expected to be one o f the main sources of future
income for the Beautification Fund.
DONORS—A direct solicitation of the ladies of the
congregation to be donors to the fund has met with very
good response and this activity should prove an important
r •
source 01 income.
SPECIAL CONTRIBUTIONS—A custom has been
established among many Center members of making con¬
tributions to the Beautification bund in honor of special
celebrants, such as the occasion of a Bar Mitzvah, Con¬
firmation, etc. Many special gifts have been received from
social clubs.
DEDICATION CLOTH—A special cloth to be used
at the dedication dinner celebrating the completion of the
new building is being prepared by a committee, under the
chairmanship of Mrs. Maurice Cherry, assisted by Mrs.
Joseph Krestul, co-chairman.
DIMINISHING BRIDGE—This project under the
chairmanship of Mrs. Shelby T raeger was begun late in
the spring and will be completed during the fall. S everal
thousand dollars should be realized from this project alone
if the proper cooperation is secured.
* LANDSCAPING—With the completion of the new
building, plans are being made to completely re-landscape
the entire grounds to enhancement of the appearance and
beautification of the entire plant.
Mrs. Hyman Selber, Co-Chairman
23
i
