Year of Construction •
i
THE TASK AHEAD
Construction is going ahead on schedule and when
completed the building will be one of the finest of its type
in the South.
Among the many conveniences included in the plans
of the bui Iding is equipment for an air conditioning system,
and it is planned that this will be installed in the near
future.
Many projects will have to be undertaken in order to
complete the building and its furnishings. The young
peoples section on the second floor will be complete
enough to be used for the various activities; however, the
furnishings for the different rooms will have to be pro¬
vided. It is hoped that these will be furnished through
projects undertaken by the affiliated youth organizations,
included in the many furnishings needed are those for the
lounge, arts and crafts room, and other meetings and rec¬
reation rooms.
A committee of women from the Sisterhood have or¬
ganized the Beautification Committee which will undertake
the task of furnishing the main lounge, kitchen, and Li¬
brary. T hrough the enthusiastic cooperation of committees
such as these, it is hoped that the best equipment will be
provided to fill the needs.
The present building is now undergoing the first step
of a remodeling program. From the auditorium, spacious
rooms are being provided for classroom purposes and for
a large daily prayer room. I here will be additional class-’
rooms at the rear of the present building when the present
faci Iities are removed to the new building. This will]
greatly enhance the present classroom facilities until such
time as the plans can be carried out to build a modern
new school building on the Sil ver Street side o f the pro¬
perty. It is anticipated that at that time the Synagogue
will be completely renovated and the seating capacity en¬
larged utilizing the present classroom space in the rear of
the building.
1 he task has been a long and arduous one in
order to reach the present point of progress in our building
expansion program. I he Building Expansion Committee,
under the capable leadership of Harry Gendzier, has spent
many hours pondering over the plans and solving all the
important problems of financing this huge program. It is
urged that each and everyone give them every cooperation
possible in the near future, whether it be through meeting
pledges at once or helping with the many projects being
set up for furnishing and beautification of the building.
With the help of the Almighty, the dream of this
generation will have been turned into reality for themselves
and their children.
SCENES OF THE NEW ACTIVITIES BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION
19
