OFFICERS
President
1st. Vice President
2nd. Vice President
Treasurer
Secretary
The function of the Young Peoples League is to pro¬
vide a real link between the youth of the community and
the Center. Last year Y. P. L. with Albert Datz as presi¬
dent began a program to make that function a fact.
First, Y. P. L. has become a factor in the social life
of the synagogue s youth. It’s dance, held at the Center
on December 25th was a great success, enjoyed thoroughly
by all who attended. It also gave many smaller, less formal
affairs which have fostered a great feeling of camaraderie
among those who participated.
But, the organization did not fose sight of more serious
things. Liberally interspersed between social gatherings
Sheldon Gendzier
were discussions of a thought provoking nature, covering
subjects of current or general interest.
In the coming year we hope to strengthen the advances
we have made. We hope to solidify our organization and
expand its activities until it of itself will hold a rightful
place in the community.
Sheldon Gendzier
Louise Chonin
Lew Meisel
Benny Hoffenberg
... Gloria Feldman
Gary Bloom
C. ¥. L.
OFFICERS
President
Vice-President
Recording Secretary
Treasurer
.. Gary Bloom
. Hel en Haber
Doris Pokorny
Charles Palot
The Center Youth League was organized last year
with the purpose of keeping the Center youth together.
Its aims are three-fold I Religious, Cultural and Social.
During the past year various activities took place,
among them being an annual Valentine s dance, and timely
debates and forum discussions at meetings.
The Sisterhood and Center Men s Club sponsored
several suppers at monthly meetings of C. Y. L. with
the last meeting in the form of an outdoor supper at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Sam Cherry.
A very successful year was enjoyed by the new group,
with thanks for being due to Mrs. Joseph KrestuI, Mrs.
Ted Gross and Mr. Philip Selber for their capable lead¬
ership. The organization looks forward to increased ac¬
tivities with the coming year and the opening of the Cen¬
ter’s new building.
29
