BOY SCOUTS TROOP 14
OFFICERS
Scoutmaster — - Morty Rosenkranz
Assistant Scoutmasters — William Rose
Meyer Sofrenko
Senior Patrol Leader Charles Mizrahi
Scribe Sidney Setzer
Quartermaster Myron Blattner
Troop Committee: Mr. Robert Gordon, Chairman
Mr. Hyman Selber, Camping Director
Mr. Joseph Mizrahi Mr. Ted Friedman
Mr. Nathan Friedlin
Under the capable leadership of their scoutmaster,
Joe Mizrahi, Boy Scout Troop 14 participated in one of
the most well-rounded programs to appear here in years.
Aside from the monthly overnight hikes to surround¬
ing areas, the troop visited such places as Goldhead State
Park, Marineland and Fort Marion at St. Augustine.
These were overnight hikes which in addition to si glit-
seeing the boys prepared their own meals and used their
outdoor time for advancement and increasing their
knowledge in woodmanship.
The year s activities reached a climax with the an¬
nual Boy Scout Banquet. At this time the annual
awards were given to the outstanding scouts in the troop.
To Chari es Mizrahi, Senior Patrol Leader, went the Simon
Rothstein award for the outstanding scout of the year.
The A. Z. A. award for outstanding achievement during
the year went to Joel Selber. The award for the out¬
standing camper went to Myron Blattner and Marcus
Chepenik received the Outstanding First Year Scout
Award.
Morty Rosenkranz
The troop committee appointed Morty Rosenkranz
as the new scoutmaster of the troop. He wiT be assist ed
by Meyer Sofrenko and William Rose. Morty succeeds
Joe Mizrahi who has led the troop throu gh years of ac¬
tivity which saw the troop take its rightful place among
the best troops in the city.
I he troop brought to a close a very successful year
by spending one week at Boy Scout Camp under the
leadership of Assistant Scoutmaster William Rose. Dur¬
ing their stay William Ro se, Stanley Kantor and Charles
Mizrahi were elected to membership in the Order of the
Arrow’ , honorary scouting organization, at an impressive
ceremony witnessed by parents and members of the Troop
Committee.
37
