CUB SCOUTS
OFFICERS
Chairman -
Institutional Representative ...
Chief D en Mother
Cub master
Assistant Cub Master
Secretary
I reasurer
Committeemen Dr.
Irvin Rothstein
Ted Freedman
Mrs. Meyer Chepenik
Be n Chepenik
Sam Fishier
Harold Pausman
Sam Rosenbloom
Carl Hackel, Abe Chepenik,
Jack Blattner
Ted Freedman
The 1949-50 season of Cubbing at the Center saw
many changes. Due to the nationally revised age limit,
namely 8 to 11 inclusive, there was almost a complete exo¬
dus of Cubs into scouting. The ranks were, however, rebuilt
at once by new boys. The ability of the younger boys to fol¬
low the achievements required for advancement was very
satisfactory. In some cases, they did even better than the
boys in the older age group.
As a result of the change in age, there was a turn¬
over in the Cubbing Committee too. 1 he fathers o f the
younger boys are now participating.
The Den Mothers who cooperated during 1940-50 at
the request of Chief Den Mother, Mrs. Sidney Entman,
did an outstanding job and they deserve particular commen¬
dation for inspiring the boys in their accomplishments.
Mrs. Moe Zager was Treasurer and Cub Pack 14
found itself in a healthy financial condition at the end of
CUB PACK 14
her term. Dads Irvin Rothstein, Nat Cohen, Mannie Gold¬
stein and Jack Silver gave liberally of their time and ef¬
forts. Most credit is due to led Freedman who was Scout¬
master.
The 1940-50 season was marked by outings and picnics
and religious participation in the life at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center, particularly at the ground breaking cere-
mones. It was closed auspiciously with a joint Scout and
Cub Dinner, attended by the dignitaries of the Center ancf
officials from Scout Headquarters, at which time the new
committee was introduced, and the new Charter presented.
Applicants for membership in the Cub Scouts should
contact the Center Office or a member of the committee.
All interested parents doing their share and working with
the committee should make the new season an outstanding
one.
Ben Chepenik
43
