ZIONIST ORGANIZATION
OF AMERICA
OFFICERS
President Dr. Roy J. Sloat
1st Vice President I. H. Edwards
2nd Vice President Louis Safer
Recording Secretary Albert Bressler
Financial Secretary David Freedman
Treasurer Manny Goldstein
Last year Zionists rejoiced over the progress shown
by our investment in Israel. 1 he tiny little state oí Israel
was rapidly gaining new admirers and increasing in stature
in the world s eyes by its ability to maintain order and its
standard of living even though it is surrounded wi th jealous
enemies. We Felt justly proud of our interest and faith
in thi s new land and its strong-willed people.
Then sorrow struck us right at the zenith of our elation
with the untimely death of the newly elected President,
Daniel Frisch. Daniel Frisch showed tremendous promise
of dynamic effort and shrewd judgment. He propounded
future plans for Z. O. A. that foretold of renewed interest,
zealous participation and satisfying results. He laid down
blueprints for a program for Z. O. A. that would parallel
our American way of life and our interest in this new
little state. Fortunately he left us, even in such a short
time, a heritage that will undeniably pervade and stimulate
Z. O. A. activities.
Dr. Roy J. Sloat
For our local district the highlight of the year was
our participation with other Zionist organizations: Hadas-
sah, Masada, and Young Judea. We honored a young
man that evening who was extremely active in the local
chapters, and now has taken his place among those strong
wi lied people, who were there when Israel was born. We
hope that by our close cooperation here we can better in¬
tergrate our efforts in serving the needs of Jews in America
as well as in Israel.
Jordan Ansbacher
Masada is the integrated and vitalized individuality
of Jacksonville’s young Jews in action. J hrough Masada
we work, study and play together, all for the common
welfare. Here you behold the virility of youth daring
to tread on difficulties to fulfill righteous aims. Yet
humbly the eager ears of Masada members hearken to the
voices of the teachers of the Ageless Past. Masada s
hands share in the task of creating a Greater Palestine
today.
MASADA
OFFICERS
President
Vice-President
Secretary
J reasurer
Jordan Ansbacher
Marvin Flalpern
Emanuel Ehrlich
Julian Borkson
DIRECTORS
Flerhert Smullian
Robbie Berinhout
Ben Zimmerman
Leon Zimmerman
hrom schools, shops and the market places — Masada
calls our youth together as a fighting yet joyf ul force.
I his spirit touches a group of live, young men inducing
them to work for the community welfare as well as for
Zionism. As befit youth, they meet happily on all fields I
athletics, sports, education, social affairs and to carry
through humanitarian endeavors. Masada spreads the
teachings of a re-awakened Jewry among our people.
Palestine — wrought by the spirit of the Eternal and
the prayers and work and sacrifice of countless Jews shall
inspire Masada always. And as age-old aspirations
grow into realities across the sea, so shall Masada here
take heart, and work to achieve those civic and personal
values that make young men lift up their heads and be
glad that the New Pioneers as well as the illustrious
Prophets of Old are our people — and we are theirs.
100
