We are pleased to devote this section of the Year Book to the Jewish Organizations of Jacksonville, with
their own descriptions of activities and purposes.
Ben Stark
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH
COMMUNITY COUNCIL
2525 Riverside Ave. Phone 2-1153
OFFICERS
President Leonard Moss
Flonorary President Sam Wolfson
Vice Presidents!
P. N. Coleman - Harry Gendzier,
Mrs. Herbert Panhen - Robert M,. Rieders
Ben Stein
Treasurer Jerry Kipnis
Executive Director Ben Stark
Leonard Moss
The Jewish Community Council is well named. It
is Jewish, definitely concerned with all Jewish activity
on a broad community basis. It is the community, since
it is made up of all Jewish organizations, and this is a
Council to which organizations elect their own people to
represent them in a governing and policy-making board.
The Constitution of the Council describes its purposes:
1.—To he I p maintain the dignity and integrity of
Jewish life.
2.—To develop an articulate, intelligent and effective
public opinion on community problems and interests.
5.—To foster cooperation among all elements in the
community of Jacksonville.
4.—To raise, receive, collect, hold and distribute funds
for Jewish causes, either directly or through presently ex¬
isting or subsequently established agencies.
5.-To enable the Jewish community of Jacksonville
through coordination of fund-raising activities to meet its
obligations to local, national and overseas causes in an
intelligent and effective manner.
6.—To cooperate with other agencies for better mu¬
tual understanding and
7.—In general, to plan for the welfare and develop¬
ment of the community as a whole, engaging in activities
as will contribute to that end.
Now, just how does the Council carry out these re-
sponsibi Iities?
Naturally its most important job is the annual United
Jewish Campaign. In 1949 we raised about two hun¬
dred thousand dollars, In 1948 we raised about three
hundred and forty thousand, and in 1947 about the same
amount. Budgeting and allocation of these sums is an
important job, one which helps maintain such local or¬
ganizations as our family agency and the Old Folks Home.
To raise these sums a complete and up to date file of the
entire community is maintained.
Another function of increasing importance is the
Community Calendar. As the city develops and organ¬
izational activities increase, there is great need for a
central clearance service.
The developmet of a Presidents Council, made up of
the presidents of all organizations, both to serve as a
sounding board in the discussion of mutual problems and
to exchange ideas, is another service of the Community
Council.
A major activity is the Public Relations Committee.
The Committee exem plif ies an effort by a representative
cross-section of our community to deal with anti-semitism
and other problems which affect the well-being of local
Jewry. Eli Fink is chairman of this important committee.
Still another function is our care of refugees. The
planning for refugee reception, their integration into the
community, the financing of the entire program, is carried
out by the Council. In this regard the Jewish Welfare
Society acts as the service arm of the Council. Abe
Rothstein is chairman of the Council’s Refugee Committee.
On the recreational end the Council originated and
sponsors two major bowling leagues — one for men and
the other for women.
To acquaint the Jacksonville community with what
is going on, the Council publishes the Commentator.
98
