RIVER GARDEN HDME
FDR THE AGED
2508 Riverside Ave.
Phone 2-3665
OFFICERS
Ira Stein
President
Joe Becker
First Vice President
Robert J. Gordon
Second Vice President
Dr. Sam Witten
Treasurer
Ralph Mizrahi
— Recording Secretary
Harry Gendzier - Chairman, Admissions Board
Dr. Sidney Halpern
Medical Director
Sidney Entman
Executive Director
Ira Stein
Since River Garden opened its doors in March, 1946,
it has continued to add facilities and services for the aged
Jewish people of Florida. During the past year our origin¬
al building was remodeled into an infirmary, to care for
the chronically ill, senile, and handicapped aged. This
infirmary has a bed capacity of fourteen.
Through the generous support of the Ladies Hebrew
Sheltering Aid Society an elevator was installed to afford
better service. I his infirmary service required an expanded
nursing staff, as well as psychiatric consultation and treat¬
ment. A part time physiotherapist also has been added to
our staff, and comes daily to give massages, heat treat¬
ments, and aids the handicapped in relearning to walk. A
preventative, as well as rehabilitative program of medicine,
has resulted in maximum health standards for all residents.
River Garden serves as a regional home for all the Jew¬
ish communities of Florida, with the exception of Dade
County, and derives its support proportionally from each
of these communities. Capital funds for building and
renovations are derived through gifts and legacies from
friends of River Garden, and through the auxiliary fund
Sidney Entman
raising of the Ladies Hebrew Sheltering Aid Society.
River Garden affords a fuller life for its residents, by
social activities and programs designed to stimulate their
interest. The Hobby Shop is one of the most popular
programs. An annual Fair is held at which time all articles
made in the Hobby Shop are displayed for sale.
The Golden Age Club, a program of the National
Council of Jewish Women, has continued its activities
at the Home. Other women and youth organizations
sponsor parties for holidays and special events. Movies are
shown regularly. A social hour of games, music, and
visitors every evening bring many pleasant hours into the
lives of our residents.
River Garden keeps looking to the future, and how to
meet the increased problems and needs of the aged. With
the Home filled to its capacity of 42 residents, and an
increasing waiting list, a further need for expansion is evi¬
dent. River Garden is constantly striving to meet the goals
set by its founders, to provide a home and a haven for
all the Jewish aged and infirm in need of their care.
Mrs. Irving Resnick
LADIES HEBREW SHELTERING AID SOCIETY
OFFICERS
Mrs. Irving Resnick President
Mrs. Harry Gendzier 1st Vice President
Mrs. Max Friedman - 2nd Vice President
Mrs. Mannuel Goldstein 5rd Vice President
Mrs. Frank Diamond ~ —. — Recording Secretary
Mrs. Sam Bryan Financial Secretary
Mrs. Louis Witten Corresponding Secretary
Mrs. Bernard Stegman Tre asurer
Mrs. Sam Witten, Mrs. Nathan Dwoskin Representative
The Lad ies Sheltering Aid is the parent organization of River Garden
Home, and like a parent, does all in her power to give comfort and financial
support to her child, River Garden Home for the Aged.
The Ladies Sheltering Aid is one of the oldest civic organizations in
the city. We have always given aid to the sick and needy of our commun¬
ity, it was founded for that purpose. We also sponsor the Passover Feast
for the inmates in Raiford.
99
