HADASSAH
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Abe Chardkoff
1st Vice President Mrs. Abe Horovitz
2nd Vice President Mrs. Herbert Panken
3rd Vice President Mrs. W. Z. Goldberg
Treasurer - Mrs. M. W. Goldstein
Recording Secretary Mrs. Sol W. Katz
Corresponding Secretary — Mrs. Herbert L. Sandler
Financial Secretary Mrs. B. L. Ribak
Executive Secretary Mrs. Jerry Kipnis
Social Secretary Mrs. Sam Bryan
FladassaK works to Kelp interpret Israel to the Amer¬
ican people; provides basic Jewish education as a back¬
ground for intelligent and creative Jewish living in Am¬
erica ; carries on a project for American Jewish youth, and
participates in efforts which safeguard the democratic way
of life here and assure peace and security throughout the
world. *>
In Israel members of Hadassah support and help
expand Hadassah’s countrywide medical and public
Mrs. Abe Chardkoff
health system, its extensive child welfare, feeding, recre¬
ation and vocational education projects; provide main¬
tenance and education for youth refugees through Youth
Aliyah of which Hadassah is the official American rep¬
resentative ; and participate in a program of Jewish Nat¬
ional Fund land purchase to make possible the coloniza¬
tion of newcomers.
Boa Weiss
Junior Hadassah, the Young Women s Zionist Or¬
ganization, is the largest Zionist youth group in America.
Girl s who have reached their eighteenth birthday are
eligible for membership. In the crises of these times,
young people need the reassurance that comes from a
sense of belonging, the self confidence that comes with
doing something worthwhile. T hrough Junior Had assah
you will aid Israel and build a strong American-Jewish
community; you will become a better American, Jew and-
Zionist.
We are proud of our projects for which we raise funds.
T he most important is the children s village of Meier
Shfeyah, which turns underprivileged children into self-
JUNIOR HADASSAH
OFFICERS
President - Bea Weiss
1st V. Pres. (Fund Raising) ..— Sylvia Cherry
Co-chairmen, Bobby Shulman, Shirley Baker,
Evelyn Herzberg
2nd V. Pres, (Membership) Rita Gendzier
Co-chairman, Myrna Zoslow
3rd V. Pres. (Education) Rose Talpalar
Treasurer - ... Lilly Levy
Corresponding Secretary Toby Thier,
Cl aire Becker
Program Chairman Horty Th ier
Publicity - Anita Friedman
reliant, skillful young men and women, who are an asset
to Israel and to the young generation of the world. In
partnership with Senior Hadassah, we maintain the Hen¬
rietta Szold School of Nursing, which supplies the best
nurses in the middle-east. We aid the Jewish National
Fund, which purchases land for Jewish settlement and
cultivation, and help support Youth Aliyah, which has
already brought thousands of children into Israel and is
still getting many more into the land.
Junior Hadassah in our community raises funds
through a variety of social functions and activities. We
also have an extensive educational program in the study
of Zionism and Jewish history and culture, which gives
us a deeper understanding of our task in Israel and its re¬
lation to the whole of Jewish life.
103
