B'NAI BRITH
OFFICERS
President Nat Shorstein
Vice Presidents Albert J. Datz, Donald Mayeron,
Dr. Jack Snider,
Secretary Louis Safer
I reasurer Morris H AVitten
Warden Sam Cherry
Chaplain Arnold Meyer
Trustees Sidney Brown, Donald Cohn, Harry Katz,
Dr. Leonard Grunthal, Jose ph M. Glickstein
The A. B. Weil Lodge No. 800 of B’nai B rith re¬
cently elected and installed new officers for the ensuing
year. The installing officer was Dr. William Wexler,
president of the Fifth District.
Many events were sponsored by the local lodge during
the past year, the most outstanding being the mock trial.
This was especially significant as it endeavored to bring
out the cause of the negligence on the part of so many
of our people in assuming their rightful place in the Jewish
community.
Construction on the new Hillel building in Gaines¬
ville is about to begin and when it is completed will offer
much improved facilities to students who attend the Uni¬
versity of Florida. They will have the opportunity to furth¬
er their studies in Jewish history, as well as learn more
Nat Shorstein
about the contributions that our people have made to the
world.
The Anti-Defamation League of B’nai Brith is con¬
tinuing its fight on all hate mongers and for the rights of
all minorities.
Of interest to many will be the opening this year in
Israel of the two hundreth Hillel Foundation.
The local chapter is conducting an extensive member¬
ship drive this year in an effort to enroll every Jewish man
in the community.
B'NAI BRITH WOMEN
OFFICERS
President Mrs. Benjamin Rosenfield
Vice President Mrs. Max Becker
Vice President Mrs. Morris Marco
Recording Secretary Mrs. Maurice B. Cooper
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. Joseph Lowenthal
Treasurer Mrs. Meyer Weiss
Much history has been written in our Order. Ever
alert to the needs of a changing world, B nai B rith served
gallantly and effectively in all phases of it s broad pro¬
gram. Today, more than ever, we need the virtues ex¬
pressed in the motto of B nai B rith I Benevolence, Broth¬
erly Love and Harmony”.
The Jacksonville Chapter has supported the B nai
B irth Philanthropies, having made contributions to the
Leo N. Levi Memorial Hospital, in Hot Springs the Nation¬
al Jewish Hospital in Denver, among others.
The Veterans Affairs program has been taken to their
hearts; reports tell of parties, and gifts given at the Vet¬
eran’s Hospital in Lake City.
Our Americanism-Civic Affairs committee has furnish¬
ed woman-power for drives such as Red Cross, Tubercu¬
losis Seals ,Cancer Fund, and just recently the United
States Savings Bond drive. Our Women staffed booths
down town on June 14th, the day the Liberty Bell was
on display, and sold bonds. Also, to date, we have
provided over 3,000 half-pints of milk for under-privileged
children in an East Jacksonville grammar school.
We are becoming more and more active in the pro¬
gram of the Anti-Defamation League. Working closely
with the State and District offices, and with steadily grow¬
ing interest and knowledge, our members are becoming a
very vital part of the ADL work.
With the establishment of a new Hillel House in
Gainesville, in the next few months, our chapter will be
called upon to help furnish this Home away from Home
for our Jewish Youth on the campus.
♦
This record of service is one to stir the heart of every
Bas B irth and every Ben B rith, as well.
It is with cordial and best wishes, I extend New Year’s
greetings, looking forward to a success ful year of service
to our community, our nation, and our people.
101
