Dr. Sidney Halpern
JEWISH WELFARE SOCIETY
425 Newnan Si. Phone 3-4470
OFFICERS
President Dr. Sidney Halpern
1st. Vice President A. H. Rothstein
2nd. Vice President John Rosenblum
3rd. Vice President I. M. Lieberman
I reasurer David Moss
Director of Family Consultation Center. Clifford J.
Bodarsky
Clifford J. Bodarsky
The Jewish Welfare Society has served the needy
in Jacksonville for many years. It is a member agency of
the Jacksonville Community Chest and the Jewish Com¬
munity Council. The agency’s functions are divided into
five categories.
The society works with the National Council of Jew¬
ish Women and the United Service for New Americans in
helping New Americans to adjust themselves to the com¬
munity life in Jacksonville.
Local Relief cases are seen on a regular basis and
assisted accordingly.
j ransient cases are counseled and helped wherever
possible either with food, lodging, employment, or contact
with their families.
The Welfare Society works in close relationship with
River Garden in processing applications for the Home and
also aiding the residents to adjust to institutional life.
With the financial help of the Levy Fund, the Jewish
Welfare Society has inaugurated, to a limited extent, the
operation of the Family Consultation Center. It serves
families where there are problems due to parent-child re¬
lationships. Under the auspices of the Jewish Welfare
Society, the Family Consultation Center is non-sectarian
and inter-racial.
This summer, Mr. Bodarky was appointed to direct
the professional operation of the Family Consultation Cen¬
ter . Mr. Bodarky is formerly of New York and records
show a broad knowledge in dealing with child behavior
problems.
Burton I. Grossman
1 he Jesters is a club limited to two bund red J ack-
sonvi He families. 1 he organization maintains a club
house at 5200 Phi 11 ips Highway and its functions are
entirely of a social nature. Dances, buffet suppers,
JESTER’S CLUB
Phillips Highway Phone 9-7161
OFFICERS
President Burton I. Grossman
1st Vice President Ben Stein
2nd Vice President Edgar M. Felson
Recording Secretary Rudy Moss
Corresponding Secretary Phil Sher
Chairman House Committee Sol Katz
%
Chairman Entertainment Committee Milton E. Yales
game nights, tournaments and other such forms of social
activity are regularly scheduled for the entertainment of
members and guests. Bcause of such activity the place
of The Jesters in the Jewish community life of Jacksonville
is firmly established.
I I I
