MI CASA, SU CASA: THE TRUTH OF INTERDEPENDENT COMMUNITY
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Jack F. Shorstein Senior
Rabbinic Chair
It’s been 30 years since I first read The Plague by French author Albert Camus. Set in the
Algerian port city of Oran, Camus’ story chronicles an outbreak of Bubonic Plague from beginning
to end. We read of life in Oran before the disease, the quarantine imposed upon the city once the
epidemic starts and its impact upon residents. We meet the physician Dr. Rieux, who fights the
plague and narrates the story; the journalist, Raymond Rambert who, at first, tries to escape the
quarantine yet ends up working for the common good; the fiery priest, Father Paneloux, whose
own uncompromising religious faith is shaken by circumstances; and Jean Tarrou, a visitor to Oran
possessed of a strong moral code who succumbs to the plague, and dies near the end of the story.
Camus’ novel highlights the ever-present tension between individual and community, self-
interest and the greater good. The sage Hillel understood this polarity when he coupled his two
famous questions into a single statement: “If I am not for myself, who will be for me? But if I am
only for myself, what am I?”
Again and again, as a rabbi, as a parent, as a human being, I see the ways in which the
decisions of individuals unwittingly impact on others. There are no grand schemes involved, no
intention to be self-absorbed; just the simple desire to exercise autonomy, to be true to one’s self.
Nevertheless, to live in a community of any kind invariably means that our decisions will impact
upon the lives of others. What is remarkable is how often we do what we do without considering
the ramifications of our decisions on the larger circles in which we live.
When our ancestor Abraham learned of God’s plan to destroy the wicked cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, he had the temerity to
challenge the Divine plan: “Will you sweep the innocent along with the wicked?” (Genesis 18:23). When Moses and Aaron seek to
avert God’s wrath after their kinsman Korah leads a rebellion against them, they exclaim, “0 God, Source of the breath of all flesh!
When one man sins will You be wrathful with the whole community?” (Numbers 16:22).
These are important theological questions, but here on earth the fact is we are connected in countless ways, even if we don’t
think about how. We know that a foreclosure down the block will negatively impact on our own home’s property value. Did our
neighbor go bankrupt to cause us grief? Of course not! Is it fair that the equity for which we have labored by the sweat of our brow
be undermined by someone else’s poor judgment? No! Yet such is the price for living within a community - the same community
whose property values, locational desirability, and the quality of its schools was determined not by a single person or family, but by
an entire neighborhood of individuals, the taxes they pay, and the efforts they make (or neglect to make) in improving the quality of
communal life.
The same is true of every decision we make as individuals in a Jewish context - whether or not we participate in supporting the
Jewish community through our tzedakah, send our teens to Hebrew High, plan a kosher life cycle event, bring our kids to services
on Shabbat, help make a minyan, pay a shiva call, or accept volunteer roles - impacts on someone else. Sometimes, when enough
individuals make the same decision for personal reasons, a critical mass is generated that can affect the entire community, for good
or for ill. We may not relish this fact; we may even sometimes resent it, but it is an unavoidable and inextricable aspect of being in a
relationship with another person, a family, an entire community.
Midrash relates a parable of a boat filled with people. When one passenger begins to drill a hole under his own seat, his companions
protest loudly. He replies, “What business is it of yours? I’m only drilling a hole under my seat, not yours!” (Vayikra Rabbah 4:6).
The moral of the story is clear. In a secular culture that values personal autonomy and customer satisfaction above virtually everything
else, it is sufficient to be a world unto oneself. Within a Jewish context, however, community consists of interlocking worlds, a human
ecosystem in which mutual dependencies constitute a permanent pas de deux between us and our neighbors.
I’ll leave the last word to Camus, or, if you like, Raymond Rambert, the journalist who attempts to evade the quarantine of
Oran, only to stay and make a difference in the lives of others. “Until now I always felt a
stranger in this town, and that I had no concern with you people. But now that I’ve seen what
I have seen, I know that I belong here whether I want it or not. This business is everybody’s
business.” Indeed, it is, Monsieur Rambert; to live within community is to truly realize how
community lives within us.
Susan, Avichai, Elior, and Itamar join me in wishing you and your loved ones a year of
sweetness, health, and meaningful life.
Shanah Tovah Tikatevu u Tehatemu - May we be inscribed and sealed for good in the
book of life,
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
