The High Holy Day season is filled with many ups and downs. Over the course
of four weeks we come together to celebrate, to pray, to eat, to fast, to reflect, and to
remember. Perhaps the defining moment of the High Holy Day liturgy takes place
at the start of Musaf each day of the holidays, the U-netaneh Tokef, the Sacred
Power of the Day. It is in this prayer where we create the ultimate image of the High
Holiday season - God sitting on His throne, judging and inscribing us in the Book
of Life or the Book of Death. It is this image that gives us our theme, our theology,
and our sense of awe throughout the Holidays.
“On Rosh Hashanah it is written, and on Yom Kippur it is sealed! How many
will pass on, and how many will be bom? Who will live and who will die?”
Rabbi Howard Tilman Ordinarily when I recite these lines I picture the defining image of God on the
throne. But this year, while still keeping that divine image in mind, I’ll likely have
something else pop into my head.
Alexander Hamilton.
Yes, this past year was the year that “Hamilton” set all kinds of Broadway records. I’ll admit that it took me
a little while to fully plug into the show, but when I actually did study the lyrics in the early summer months,
one phrase in particular stood out. “Who lives, who dies, who tells your story.” This is the closing song of the
show, and George Washington tells the audience, “let me tell you what I wish I’d known, when I was young and
dreamed of glory, you have no control, who lives, who dies, who tells your story.” The song is a fitting close to the
musical that focuses so much on the legacy of Hamilton and how his story is told or not told to later generations.
As I listened to the soundtrack on repeat for about a month straight I couldn’t help but recognize the similarities
between this line from Hamilton and the U-netaneh Tokef. “Who will live and who will die?” While the traditional
understanding may teach us that this is totally out of our hands, our modem perspective demonstrates we do have
a say in this. How we live each year determines what our fate will be. But how often do we think about that second
part, “Who tells your story?” Oftentimes we view the High Holy Days as the time to think about our own fates,
but they are also a time to consider our own stories. In the year ahead, 5777, what story will we tell and who will
tell our stories?
What will our story be? We control the story we write. We decide what we do, what we care about, and what
we act on. We decide what is important in our lives and what we value as Jews. We write our own story each year,
based on the previous chapters - learning important lessons, gaining new experiences. This year, what changes
will we make? How will we better shape ourselves to ensure the story we want? Is the story being told?
Who will tell our story? Who are the people we keep around us each year? Who is in our community and
what does it look like? While we can’t control the actions people around us take, we can control who we surround
ourselves with. We can keep our family, our friends, those who share our memories and those who share our
values, closest to us.
Additionally, we can also consider what stories do we tell? Who are the people in our lives that are no longer
with us, and how do we share their stories? We can make sure that the stories of those who came before us are
continuing to be told so that their lives and their lessons will continue to
live on with us.
I hope that this year of 5777 brings us all health, happiness and many
good stories to tell. Naomi joins me in wishing you a Shanah Tovah
u ’Metukah. May we all celebrate a happy, healthy and sweet new year.
Rabbi Howard Tilman
7
