1
¥— A Message from the Hazzan —4
HEAR THE SONG AND THE PRAYER
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
In Jewish prayer, we find two key components- the liturgy and the melody
that makes the liturgy come alive. Often they depend on one another to thrive.
Without liturgy, a melody becomes a wordless niggun that may or may not stick
in someone’s ear. It becomes a radio hit and no longer something built upon
sacred intention. Without melody, the text cannot feed off of the catchy rhythms
to come alive. Yet sometimes our texts give us the opportunity to appreciate
both song and lyric, to underscore the power of the notes without forgetting the
sanctity of both what we ask for and who we ask it from.
As the gateway ushering in the High Holiday season, the midnight Selihot
(penitential) service contains the refrain Lishmoa el Harina v’el Hat’filia, “to
Hearken to the Song and to the Prayer.” Days before Rosh Hashana, we ask that
God prepare to listen to us as there may be a few extra people in the pews over
the holiday sharing their hopes and dreams for the coming year.
Commentators insist that it is the Rena, the joyous song, that is used to praise God; to thank God before
we petition on our own behalf. Voicing our gratitude through song is supposed to equal a more receptive God
on the other line. While this is a major concept whenever Jews pray (we have prayers filled with shevach,
praise, before we have any bakasha, request), there is an important relationship between Rena and Tefilla.
Tefilla shares a root with L’hitpalel, to judge oneself. This sense of self-evaluation is very much High
:::
Holidays. Self-evaluation, judging oneself, can also be very heavy. We focus on what we’ve done wrong,
what we’ve missed out on, what we need to improve, without considering the weight on our shoulders. In
comes Rena, the weightless, joyous song. A melody can lighten the moment. A melody allows us to breathe
in and breathe out. When Rena precedes Tefilla, when we ask God to listen to the melody before the plea, we
are anticipating that we can often get carried away with our plea. Our judging can shift away from ourselves
and on to others. The song is uninhibited. The joy is pure. We want God to be reminded of the purity of the
message, the depth of the melody that preceded the noise. In doing so, we remind ourselves that we need that
outlet to breathe, to sing, to just be.
I am biased. My life is song. My profession is song. My family is song. I am also a huge fan of intention.
We lead off with joyous song, hoping that prayer will include the same intentionality. With an open heart
and a joyous song, no matter how in tune, we prepare with the right mindset. As we enter these holy days,
and this New Year 5777, let us all listen to the song as well as the prayer. May prayer trickle into song and
song into prayer. May the songs of our services and
of our lives fill us with joy and gladness. May this
be a year of intention, love and appreciation of all
you have to offer.
The entire Holzer household wishes you all a
Shanah tovah, a happy and healthy new year.
Hazzan Jesse, Leora, Rena and Dafna Holzer
9
