§5®— In Memory of Our Executive Director —|
DON KRISS
The Executive Director of a synagogue is an incredibly challenging job. Yet during his tenure at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, Don Kriss z”l went to work on the knots of synagogue life with the dedication,
skill and patience of an accomplished angler tracing a snarled line to its source and freeing it from its
entanglements. Always a thoughtful listener, Don made each person who came to him feel heard. When any
employee, from a part-time maintenance person to a senior staff member, suffered a personal loss, Don was
always there to offer a hand and a shoulder, because people mattered to him.
Don knew how to communicate effectively with synagogue leaders, but he was also passionate about
those who lived at the margins: those who struggled to make ends meet; those who were house-bound by
chronic illness; those who were lonely. On numerous occasions he reached into his own pocket to help
someone in need. That many of them never knew it was Don who assisted them is exactly how he wanted
it to be.
Respected among his professional peers, Don served on the Board of Governors of the North American
Association of Synagogue Executives, and was certified as a Fellow in Synagogue Administration. He
mentored and counseled colleagues for more than two decades, and gave unstintingly to those who sought to
learn from his experience and perspective. The clergy with whom he worked over the years always held Don
in high esteem for his commitment, talent, and passion.
Don was a devoted husband to Janet throughout their 38 years of marriage; a loving father to Joel, Leah,
and son-in-law John; a very proud grandfather of Finley; a caring son to llene; and an affectionate brother to
Ronda and Aron.
It is hard to believe that Don served as our Executive Director for only 4'A years. It feels as though he
was here far longer - a testament to the indelible mark he has made on all of us. We are grateful that Don left
us a better and stronger institution because of his presence in our lives. An avid fisherman, Don’s life might
be compared to a catch-and-release program, but with an important difference. In drawing us into the net of
his goodness and charm, we returned to swim in the sea of life changed for the better . . . and for that we are
deeply grateful.
Yehi zikhro Barukh, David Nachum ben Shlomo v 'Chava, his memory shall always be for a blessing.
17
