Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
The Membership Committee at the Center
wishes all of our Center family, “L’Shanah
Tovah!” We on the committee serve as the
hosts and hostesses of the synagogue and have
incorporated marketing and programming
within our role for this new year. Our goal is to
try to make all of our members, both new and old
alike, feel welcome in our combined spiritual
home. All Center members should feel like a
member of the Membership Committee, inviting
the unaffiliated to join our family and to reach
out to unfamiliar faces when in the building to
connect with those you do not know.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is one large
family. We come together as a community in the
celebration of life cycle events: Baby Naming’s
and Brises, Graduations from our Schools of
the Galinsky Academy, Bar and Bat Mitzvahs,
Weddings, and, sadly, our loved ones’ passing’s.
Many have chosen to celebrate the anniversaries
of these life cycle events with their Center family.
We continue to provide great greeters teams for all Shabbat Services, this dedicated group of men and
women provide a wonderful service for our guests and existing members. We look forward to the annual
new member Sukkot Welcome dinner where all of our newly joined families are guests of the congregation
for a festive holiday meal and special activities. And of course, we all enjoyed the new member open
house and pool party in conjunction with the Galinsky Academy welcome back to school event! If you
are interested in joining a Havurah, please feel free to contact the Synagogue office and they will put you
in touch with a member of the committee. There are many more exciting activities being formulated as I
write and look forward to sharing just after the High Holy Days.
I would like to thank all the current Membership Committee Members this year who have supported
our programs. We look forward to continued participation in the support and growth of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
2015-2016
Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR
- Sheree Spriggs
STAFF LIAISON -
Ivy Kfare
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Joette Anderson
Carol Matoren
Shirley Bielski
Harvey Matoren
Moti Demri
Aliza Morris
Etta Fialkow
Robin Morris
Marilyn Garber
Kathy Osterer
Paula Garfinkel
Penny Powell
Vicki Gatewood
Marjie Rogozinski
Elaine Hodz
Falyn Shilts
Carolyn Krestul
Robin Shorstein
Amy Levinson
Tom Spriggs
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
