A Message from the President
yearbook: memories and joys
Remember when you were a kid and anticipated getting your school yearbook
at the end of the year? I sure do. After looking for my own picture to see how it
turned out, I would look at my friends’ pictures and then start the journey of getting
my friends to write special notes in my yearbook. Their words were considered
almost sacred because they were from special people, and I would be able to look
back and read their sentiments days and years later. What a great source of joy and
remembrance!
This year, I encourage you to do what I am going to do: pass my JJC yearbook
to friends and advertisers and ask them to write a short note. In exchange, I will do
the same for them. Let’s keep our JJC yearbooks out in a place where we can see
them, read through them, and be reminded of all of the meaningful reasons we are
members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
We will remember beloved family and friends who have passed, such as our
dear Don Kriss. We will remember that Steve Mizrahi stepped in selflessly as our
Interim Executive Director and that Howard Wolpoff stepped up to replace Steve
as our Vice President of Religious Life. We can be thankful for all of our front office staff and maintenance who
keep our synagogue running so smoothly. We can dream about our next kosher meal from Margo’s Catering,
which we are fortunate to have right here on site for our schools, simchas and holidays. Take time to read the
letters from Rabbis Lubliner and Tilman and Hazzan Holzer, who work diligently to guide us through lifecycle
events, lead us in services, and support our Jewish observance and journeys.
As you find the pictures of our General Board and our Executive Board members, please be thankful
for their commitment and sacrifice of personal time to enhance our Jacksonville Jewish Center in every way
possible. Thanks to these folks, along with many other lay leaders, we have a new Executive Director, Gil
Kleiner, who comes to us with 27 years of experience. We now have our own 1/4-mile paved path in Beth
Shalom Park, and the pool area has been enhanced with new pavers and a new fence. Our Galinsky Academy
continues to offer educational programs for infants through high school students plus scouting and youth groups
for our Jewish adults and leaders of tomorrow.
As your synagogue president, I have had to the opportunity to witness all of these accomplishments with a
front row seat, and it has been my honor. I hope that you will smile back on the past year and join me in working
toward another successful year. The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a synagogue, a school, a place to pray, learn,
form friendships, and a place to feel connected. I hope you will consider becoming more involved or participating
in some new way this
coming year. If you
would like to learn more
about anything the JJC
has to offer, please feel
free to contact me. I’ll
even sign your yearbook.
Alyse Nathans
Board President
Wishing you a sweet
and healthy New Year -
Shanah Tovah,
Alyse Nathans
along with Alan,
Rebecca, Arin and
Morgan
19
