Communities & Organizations -4
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
What an incredible year we have had in Adult
Education! We continue our commitment to offering a
variety of informative classes and special events at all levels
of learning for our congregants and the Jacksonville Jewish
community in general. We thank the Adult Education
committee members who, along with our teachers and
clergy, provide many hours of hard work and dedication to
deliver these educational opportunities.
Ongoing classes include: Talmud with Rabbi Lubliner,
multi-level Hebrew classes, Service Skills class with Lois
Tompkins, and our Foundations of Judaism classes taught by Etta Fialkow, Rabbi Merrill Shapiro, Rabbi Mark
Wieder, as well as our current clergy. Monthly ShalOM Meditation sessions and Coffee and Torah continue on
Shabbat mornings. Our Adult Library is being used daily, providing a resource for all who wish to do some research,
learn something new, or simply enjoy a Jewish fictional story.
New classes this year included a Torah Trope series with Hazzan Holzer, a Hebrew conversation class with
Michael Grossman, and a successful introduction of our first “Chai Mitzvah” class, a national program created as a
way to engage adults in a Jewish journey throughout their lives. We established a new Yiddish Club, and a new Book
Club. We were so proud to celebrate the conclusion of the 2-year Adult B’nei Mitzvah class on Shavuot, with six
adults from varying backgrounds leading the service and proudly reading Torah and haftorah.
Special events were very well attended! Our yearly Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton with scholar-in-residence
Susannah Heschel was a huge success. Ms. Heschel is a world-renowned professor and author, and daughter of
Abraham Joshua Heschel, one of the leading Jewish theologians and Jewish philosophers of the 20th century. She
gave us a fascinating glimpse into her life as a teenager personally involved in the civil-rights movement of the 60s
with her father and Martin Luther King, Jr.; she taught fascinating lessons on interfaith relationships and Torah; and she
discussed her popular “Orange on the Seder Plate” initiative.
Other visiting speakers included visiting JTS professor Dr. Amy Kalmanofsky, who brought in a huge crowd
for her interactive lecture “The Bible’s Walking Dead: King Saul’s Spooky and Sad End”. Our annual Weiss-Liebo
program brought us a documentary of Dr. Felix Zandman, who survived the holocaust and eventually became one of
the most distinguished scientists of the 20th Century. His widow was on hand to speak very eloquently and emotionally
about her husband’s life and accomplishments. We supported the launching of RE:MIND, a congregational initiative
to improve community mental health and aiming to neutralize stigma by talking about mental illness like any other
physical ailment.
Why not try us out? Our programs are provided free of charge and are open to all. For continuously updated
information, please visit us under “Adult Education” at JJCJax.org.
L’Shanah Tovah!
Helen Shacter, Adult Education Committee Chair Lois Tompkins, Staff Coordinator
2015-2016 Committee Members
CHAIR: Helen Shacter
MEMBERS
Eve Aptheker
Wendy Honigman
Sandi Driben
Carolyn Krestul
Etta Fialkow
Leonard Lipkin
Elaine Furman
Sharon Rosenblum
Peter Hammer
Marion Tischler
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
27
