Committees & Organizations
HESED COMMUNITY
The Hesed Committee seeks to offer emotional support to our congregants and their families in times of
illness, loss and other life challenges. Hesed Committee members are available to offer friendly visits, cards
and phone calls to those who are ill, recuperating from hospitalization or surgery, homebound or suffering
from a loss.
Congregants are reminded that they should first notify the clergy office if they or a loved one is ill or in
the hospital. The name can then be added to the Mi-Shbeirach list for a Prayer for Healing and, if requested,
our clergy or a Hesed Committee member can follow up with a call or a visit. The Hesed Committee will
do its best to respond to requests for outreach to River Garden or any other nursing home facility, as long as
we are notified. And in the event of a loved one’s death, the Hesed Committee is available to help provide a
minyan for shiva, follow up with a “Care and Comfort” visit after shiva and, through the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, offer a bereavement group.
Any Center member who would like to join the Hesed Committee should contact Beth Shorstein at (904)
868-4400 or Danielle Berke in the clergy office at (904) 292-1000, xl 15. It is a mitzvah to be available to
reach out to members of our congregational family during these times and very rewarding to be part of our
Hesed Community.
CHAIR -
Committee Members 2015-2016
Beth Shorstein STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner
Bob Bossen
Peter Hammer
Marcia Howard
Penny Powell
Naomie Bossen
Laurie Hecht
Marcelle Karstaedt
Andy Raitt
Debbie Charpiat
Faye Hedrick
Sylvia Lubliner
Robin Rand
Sandi Driben
Andrea Hernandez
Larry Mendlow
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Helen Hill
Jack Mizrahi
Heather Sherman
Rhoda Goldstein
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Rachel Morgenthal
Sheree Spriggs
Laura Goldstein
Edith Horovitz
Robin Morris
SOSHUL NETWORK
The “SoShul Network” was established in early 2013
as a group for 20- and 30-somethings of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center to network and enjoy the company of new
and old friends. The committee plans Jewish-themed social
events to engage its members as well as promotes activities
and programs. Please visit our Facebook page for more
information and to find out about upcoming events! Whether
a recent college graduate, young professional, married couple,
new parent, or single, there is something for everyone!
The SoShul Network committee has created a working
list of group members and is continuously adding names and
contact information. Please email soshulnetwork2030@gmail
.com.
Community Members 2015-2016
Peter Hammer
Donnie Daniels
Rabbi Howard Tilman Aliza Morris
Sarah Daniels
Daniel Shorstein
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
31
