1
— Committees & Organizations -
r
SOCIAL ACTION
The Social Action Committee at the Jacksonville Jewish Center has had another busy and successful year. Our
carts in the lobby stay filled with food for JFCS’s food pantry through the generosity of many of our members. Under
the leadership of Mimi and Marty Kaufman, our annual High Holiday Food Drive brought in 3,000 pounds of food.
We have continued to prepare meals on the third Sunday of every other month at our local homeless shelter, the
I. M. Sulzbacher Center. We have been able to do so through an anonymous donor and the help of many volunteers
who prepare, cook and serve the meals.
Our monthly drive for the Teachers Supply Depot continues to be supported with donations of all sorts of
recyclable items that our local teachers need and use to do amazing things.
This year was the 4th Christmas Mitzvah Day that we have done as a Jewish community. This project is chaired
by members of the Center and Congregation Ahavath Chesed. This year, we not only prepared, cooked and delivered
more than 500 meals for Meals On Wheels, but we again delivered donated cookies to all First Responders in the
area. Aproximately 1,500 cookies were distributed. Groups of volunteers prepared and served Christmas dinner to
those staying at both Ronald McDonald House and Gabriel House. These combined projects served another 100 plus
visitors to our community who were here due to illnesses. Our plans are to expand the volunteer services again this
year and broaden our Jewish community’s involvement into the greater Jacksonville community.
Our local Ronald McDonald House has just completed an addition and renovation to their facility. Twenty four
new bedrooms were added and the current 30 rooms were renovated. New covered parking, a rooftop garden, new
volunteer kitchen and many other new spaces have been added. All other existing spaces were renovated. Each
room has two double beds and a pullout couch that could allow a family of 6 to stay in each space. Our pillow
drive has so far provided more that 100 new bed pillows for some of the rooms and a new Keurig coffee maker
for one of the common spaces. We will continue our pillow drive in order to provide more of the rooms with new
and comfortable pillows to ensure a good night’s sleep. Special tours of the newly renovated building were made
I available to members of the Center.
Our collection of aluminum can pop tops has helped to bring in more than $5,000 annually to help the “House”.
Containers are in the Center office and we encourage all to collect at home and work and either bring their pop tops
to us or directly to RMH.
I Our “undies” drive helps Dignity U Wear to provide new underwear for those in need. Their focus is on our
homeless and veterans population most especially. Thanks to the donations of many, we have been able to once again
provide many children and adults with new underwear.
New this year was a collection of bride’s maids and prom dresses that were donated to JFCS for girls in foster
care so they could attend their school’s prom.
Other projects that we encourage you to support are the World Relief Organization and the Hubbard House
Resale shop with all of your household goods and clothing that are in good condition.
CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
33
