1
— Committees & Organizations -«
1
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
During the year 5776, the Religious Life Community (RLC) under the leadership of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Vice-President Howard Wolpoff, worked to shape and guide the religious direction of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. This year we welcomed our new Religious Director, David Wolinsky, who has brought Torah reading at
the Center to a whole new level. A special thank you goes out to Peter Hammer who has assumed the role of lead
Gabbai on Shabbat mornings.
We have worked very hard to develop a new Bar/Bat Mitzvah program that has been introduced to our current
5th and 6th graders and their families. This new program will help train our students, and their families, on many
additional aspects of Judaism and provide them with many new opportunities to experience rituals and services
together. The goal is to reinforce that the day of the Bar/Bat Mitzvah is only one day in the Jewish journey and
encourage greater congregational and youth program participation in the days and years to come.
The RLC has also looked at ways to improve and add to our services, including the development of the Nashira
alternate service. We also were proud to honor Jack Mizrahi as our second annual, and newly named, Scott P.
Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily morning and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a strong
part of our synagogue’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect with God and
other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved ones. With the
efforts put forth by the RLC, attendance at our daily minyanim continues to increases, year over year.
Many thanks to Rabbi Lubliner, Hazzan Holzer and Rabbi Tilman for their hours of devotion and service to
our congregation. We are also grateful for the devoted efforts of the RLC members for their hard work in helping
to share the present and future of our congregation.
Community Members 2015-2016
CHAIR - Howard Wolpoff STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Joette Anderson
Etta Fialkow
Steven Mizrahi
Harry Shmunes
Greg Arnold
Lynda Gridley
Alyse Nathans
Beth Shorstein
Shirley Bielski
Faye Hedrick
Joey Plotkin
Daniel Shorstein
Philip Bloom
Len Lipkin
Marco Rand
Robin Shorstein
Moti Demri
Mauri Mizrahi
Mark Shainbrown
HOUSE COMMITTEE
2016 was a busy year for the House
Committee! Thanks to a generous donation in
memory of H. Joel Selber, we have completed
the first phase of the Masterplan for Beth
Shalom Park, including a !4 mile paved walking
path, and upgrades to the pool deck and fence.
This endeavor has not only made the park
more accessible than ever, but will allow for
wheelchair access to both the pool and the
gazebo! We hope to continue this momentum,
further expanding access and usability of the
park and play fields.
Committee Members 2015-2016
CHAIR-
Tyler Curl
STAFF LIAISON - Gilbert Kleiner
Marla Lewis
David Schmerer
Alyse Nathans
Erica Jolles
Mike Mass
Philip Bloom
Scotty Schwartz
Sheri Weiss
Ben Setzer
Dana Zaifert
Steve Mizrahi
Howard Wolpoff
Steven Gross
29
