1
P- Communities & Organizations -4
CENTER CEMETERIES
The Center manages three cemetery locations, in and adjacent to Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Each are open until 5pm every day except
Shabbat and Jewish Holidays.
To reach the New Cemetery, also known as Jacksonville Jewish Center
Memorial Park, travel north on Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right
on 43rd Street. The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street. The
“Old Cemetery” and the Beth Shalom cemetery section are both located within
Evergreen Cemetery. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on Main Street to
Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and follow the road until you reach
Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Beth Shalom section, enter
through Gate 5 and take the red brick road to the right. Follow and bear to the left
onto Cummer Drive and continue until the road ends (.4 miles). The Beth Shalom
cemetery will be on your right.
We are in the process of closing out Section 12 in preparation for the opening
of Section 13 some time in the near future. All prices on plots are being held
through December 31,2016, when there will be the first price increase in over
15 years. You may also learn more about purchasing individual and family
plots through the Center’s website and by contacting the office. Additionally,
contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of
loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 2015-2016
CHAIR
Howard Wolpoff
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Mike Lissner
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death; yet,
it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of life, of
which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 2015-2016
Co-Presidents
Ava Axelrod
Bruce Goldring
Vice President
Deinya Mautz
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chair
Stacey Goldring
37
