Special Events
SIMHAT TORAH HONOREES-5776
rv
Melanie Setzer
Aishet Hayil
Melanie served as the Galinsky Academy PTA president for the 2015-16 school year
and has held board positions with Hadassah, JFCS, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Sisterhood, and the Women’s Division of Jewish Federation. She has been the recipient
of the llene Selevan Young Leadership award and Hadassah Chai award. She is also
involved with the Northeast Florida Community Foundation, Dreams Come True,
and the Jacksonville Children’s Commission. After graduating from the University of
North Florida, she worked for Hillel for 5 years as a Steinhardt Fellow and Program
Director for campuses in Broward and Palm Beach counties. Upon moving back to Jacksonville, she worked
for Unison Industries, a division of GE. Melanie was born and raised in Jacksonville, Florida. She and her
husband, Ben Setzer, were married at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. They live in Jacksonville with their two
children, George and Zachary, who attend the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School.
Greg Arnold
Hatan Torah
Greg has been active at the Jacksonville Jewish Center since early 2002, is a member
of the daily morning minyan, has been active as a gabbai at Shabbat services for several
years, and he recently joined the Center’s Religious Life Community. During a long
career as an Army officer, he served as a lay leader in several military congregations
and on deployments, and served on the executive board of the Juedische Gemeinde
Heidelberg, the synagogue in Heidelberg, Germany. He met and married Barbara in
Heidelberg. Greg and Barbara moved to Jacksonville in late 2001 when Greg became
the regional general manager for Sears Logistics Services in the Southeast and Puerto Rico. Since retiring,
Greg has spent the last ten years as a project manager in the research and development business for The
Boeing Company. Their daughter, Sarah, and her four children live in Cologne, Germany.
Mike Mass
Hatan Bereishit
Myron (Mike) Mass joined the Jacksonville Jewish Center family when his parents
moved to Jacksonville from Miami when he was 17 years old. He met Marilyn Halpern
and they were married in 1966 at the Center at Third and Silver Streets. After a brief
time away from Jacksonville to pursue his medical studies and to serve as a physician
in the U. S. Air Force, he and his wife returned where he started his rheumatology
and allergy medical practice. Professionally, he became Chairman of the Department
of Medicine at Memorial Hospital, Associate Clinical Professor at the University of
Florida College of Medicine (in addition to his private practice), and filled various positions on the Board of
the Duval County Medical Society, culminating in his becoming the Society’s president. Mike and Marilyn
were proud to create an endowment to support leadership and governance at the synagogue and developed a
course for future leaders of the Center. Mike has served for several years on the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Board of Directors, and continues to serve on the Finance Committee. Mike is a regular Shabbat attendee, is
a volunteer physician for Rheumatology and Allergy clinics through Volunteers in Medicine, loves serving
the community, and is always the first to step up when there are Mitzvah Days at the Shul. His sons, Ellis and
Otis are graduates of the Center’s Solomon Schechter Day School.
74
