1914-2016
Blanche Slott was a remarkable
woman. A modern ayshet chayil, she
was a strong, capable and decisive
leader, wise and understanding
advisor, highly talented and prolific
artist, loving friend, mother and
grandmother, great grandmother,
wonderful homemaker, great cook
and bowler.
In the late 1930’s, after leaving
Jacksonville for a few years,
Blanche and her family returned to
Jacksonville. Blanche took a job
at Worman’s bakery and then with
Lovitz’s grocery store. Her brother-
in-law, Abe Levin, introduced her
to a nice young man with whom he
worked, Louis Slott. They began
dating and married in 1940.
Soon Blanche and Louie began
a family. First there was Rene, then
Marvin and finally Chuck. Before
her children were born, Blanche had
volunteered in the Jacksonville Jewish
Center office where her sister Miriam
worked. But as the children grew, so
did Blanche’s involvement.
Blanche instituted a Brownie
Troop at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center on Third and Silver Streets.
When congregants began to move
to Riverside and Southside, she
organized troops in those areas, too.
When Rene moved up to Girl Scouts,
so did Blanche. Not only did she
form a troop at the Center, Blanche
joined the board of the Gateway Girl
Scout Council. Then Blanche went
on to work with the Center’s Cub
Scouts and Boy Scouts groups. Her
commitment to scouting would last
more than 15 years.
By the 1960’s, synagogue youth
groups began- Tweenagers, Major’s
Preteens and Center Youth League -
forerunners of our Chalutzim, Kadima
and USY. At the request of Rabbi
Sanders Tofield, Blanche accepted
the position of Youth Vice President
and became the first woman to sit
on the Center’s Board of Directors.
She oversaw the workings of all the
youth activities including clubs, scout
troops and the day camp program.
Youth and recreation became so
large that the Center hired a full¬
time director, Robert Fisher. Blanche
became his mentor and friend - and
the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Day
Camp director after Bob moved from
Jacksonville.
For the next 12 years, Blanche
was the director of the only Jewish,
summer day camp program in
Jacksonville, Camp Yom Tov. Under
her tutelage, many counselors and
C.I.T.’s developed the skills that helped
them become some of our synagogue
leaders. She set high standards in all
aspects of care, programming and
management for subsequent directors
to follow.
In 1978, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center temporarily appointed Blanche
Slott to be the Administrative Director.
She remained in that position for over
ten years. During her tenure she also
became a minyan captain.
Known for her cooking Blanche
then became the Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s in-house caterer. It was
a natural extension of her deep
involvement with everyone’s simha.
She had previously enjoyed working
with Center cook Annie Mae Fort as a
volunteer. In her new position, Blanche
applied her well-honed administrative
skills, culinary ability and artistic eye
to help Annie Mae create delicious,
budget-wise meals for the congregation
making a profit for the synagogue.
In 1983, Blanche was honored by
the congregation as the “Woman of
Valor” during Simhat Torah. She was
also honored by Sisterhood at their
annual Torah Fund event. At this event
she was recognized for bringing Torah
Fund to Jacksonville after attending
the Women’s League Convention
while Sisterhood president.
Blanche retired in 1988 - but in
Blanche-style. She became an even
more active volunteer. She worked at
the Museum of Science and History
for ten years. A past Sisterhood
President, Blanche became the
