Special Events
MINYANNAIRES SHABBAT
For over 116 years, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center has held a regularly scheduled minyan in
the morning and evening. On Shabbat morning,
February 13th, the congregation celebrated all
of our minyan participants at our second annual
Minyannaires Shabbat. At this event, we proudly
honored Jack Mizrahi as the second recipient of the
Scott P. Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year award.
Minyannaires Shabbat is an opportunity to
shine a light on our congregational minyan for which
there are many reasons to be proud. The Center has
a minyan for shaharit (in the morning) and minhah/
maariv (in the evening) services every day which
allows mourners and people observing a yahrzeit to
say kaddish for their loved ones.
Each and every day our members come together
for prayer, camaraderie and to perform the mitzvah
of participating in the daily minyan. As part of this
event, we bestow an award on one member for their
activities in minyan throughout the years. The award
has been named in memory of our beloved Ritual
Director, Scott Zimmerman, who passed away
in 2014 and honors someone who stands out as a
minyan participant who: attends frequently; shows initiative; develops davening skills; experiences
religious growth; taken on a leadership role and has shown the ability to bring others along on their
own spiritual journey.
This past year, we honored lifelong Center member Jack Mizrahi. Jack’s grandfather Salim
Mizrahi came to Jacksonville in 1910 as a peddler and eventually developed the French Novelty store
chain which Jack has operated for many years. Jack began to attend minyan after the death of his
mother 28 years ago, attending every day with his father, brother and uncle. Soon after, he was asked
to serve as a minyan captain to help insure that services ran and were sufficiently attended. After
completing the eleven-month mourning period, he continued to attend on Friday night as well. To
Jack, attending minyan brought back memories of his days in the Minyan Club run by Cantor Marton,
where post Bar Mitzvah boys would attend Sunday morning minyan and have a special breakfast
before Religious School classes began. He would also attend minyan with his father when he was
commemorating a yahrzeit and would bring along some cake and schnapps for the other attendees.
He had the privilege of having his son, Jonathan, attend Tuesday morning minyan with him during
the years Jonathan was attending the Day School. “It is important to be there for those going through
the period of mourning”, stated Jack. “It is also important to remember those who are not with us who
used to participate in our minyan. I can scan the room and remember the older gentlemen back at 3rd
and Silver who would regularly attend.”
Jack Mizrahi
Minyannaire of the Year
79
