Galinsky Academy
Shalom! The Galinsky Academy provides
Jewish children of all ages, from infancy through high
school, the highest quality education. Comprised of
DuBow Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, and Setzer
Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy embodies
the commitment that all of our children - regardless of
the path their parents choose - benefit from the finest
teachers, an engaged clergy, and the most cutting-edge
curriculum and technology.
, f í
k
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Debby Kaye
Our schools teach respect for the diversity of Jewish practice. The Galinsky
Academy is a place where Jewish children, regardless of background, come together
around a shared heritage. The Galinsky Academy not only provides innovative
educational programs; it engages a diverse student and parent community. We are
truly a family of families, a community of learners, representing a wide range of Jewish practices, commitments,
and beliefs. In a way, we are a laboratory of Klal Yisrael, the broader, complete Jewish community of Jacksonville.
One of my goals this past year was to integrate our marketing, development and recruitment functions in
order to create an educational institution that would have an even larger presence outside the building. I wanted
us to attract families, as well as donors, thought partners, and investors. I wanted our schools to be seen by as
many people as possible as making a contribution to the Jewish community as a whole, improving the world
through our graduates. I am pleased to report that our fundraising is up, our enrollments are looking good, and
there is plenty of buzz about our schools and students in the community.
In the coming year we will continue working to further align all schools, programs, and goals under one
common vision in order to strengthen the impact on all of our children, from preschool through high school. Not
many congregations are blessed to have the level of staffing, programs, and resources necessary to accomplish
this. May we continue to grow m ’chayil l ’chayil, from strength to strength, in the coming year.
My wife, Marci, and I wish you all a Shanah Tovah U’metukah.
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Schools
■bbhhbhi
103
