P DuBow Preschool 4
THE HEART AND START OF JEWISH LEARNING
DuBow
PRESCHOOL
Dina Kirshbaum
Administrative
Assistant
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Alyse Santana
PE Specialist
Zina Levitsky
Music
Teacher
■■■■I
Amanda Watsky
Exploration & Discovery
Program Coordinator
Suzie Poliak Becker Billie McNett Lindsey Heifer
Early Childhood Early Childhood Early Childhood
Co-Director Co-Director Co-Director
And these words that I command you today shall be on your heart. You shall teach them diligently to your children, and
shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you
rise. Deuteronomy 6:6-7
The DuBow Preschool is dedicated to providing an outstanding early childhood program, which emphasizes
Jewish life and values, in a caring, developmentally appropriate, and stimulating environment. Our philosophy of play-
based learning, supported by carefully chosen currículums and outstanding resources, help to support the foundations
for thinking patterns, value structures and ways of viewing the world into adulthood. In partnering with our families, our
goal is to provide our students with a strong academic and social foundation that encourages a lifelong love of learning
and Jewish identity.
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of the Preschool, we can be proud of providing the children and families of
this community with a nurturing, learning environment that maximizes the individual student and family potential in
surroundings steeped in Jewish traditions. Our children benefit from an exceptional program led by experienced and
committed staff including preschool professionals, Jewish studies teachers and involved clergy. We strive to promote a
culture that embodies the principle of Tikun Olam, an unending quest to leave this world a better place, by reinforcing
empathy, respect and understanding of individual differences. Our goal is to provide a foundation that instills joy,
confidence, a passion for learning and a love of being Jewish.
When selecting the DuBow Preschool, families receive the benefit of a “home away from home”. We are blessed
to be a part of the Galinsky Academy and to be housed at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, which provide us with an
excellent facility rich in shared resources.
We invite you to see what we are doing by visiting www.dubowpreschool.org, or by scheduling a personal tour.
On behalf of our faculty and our families, we wish you a Shanah Tovah U’Metukah. May you be inscribed in The Book
of Life for a good and sweet new year.
Suzie Poliak Becker Billie McNett Lindsey Heifer
106
