i ► Galinsky Academy 4
The Galinsky Academy held its Celebration and Award Dinner, “It’s In Our DNA,” on the evening
of May 22 at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. With its primary purpose to raise funds to benefit the
L’Dor V’Dor Annual Giving Campaign, the more than 300 guests in attendance enjoyed cocktails and a
seated dinner prepared with love by Margo’s Catering. The event’s co-chairs were Jeanine Rogozinski
and Andrea Mail, who pulled out all the stops in creating a program that highlighted the Academy’s
schools and programs, which include DuBow Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School,
Setzer Youth Education, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. The Galinsky Academy serves children from
eight weeks of age through high school, currently numbering approximately 320 students in total. The
attendees included leaders from the synagogue and Jewish communities, as well as Rabbi Emeritus
David Gaffney and wife Inge, who were visiting from New York.
The evening’s emcee was Ben Becker, a local news reporter and Galinsky Academy parent.
Following an inspiring and energetic program, the evening’s highlights were the presentation of two
awards. First, following an introduction by long-time friend Donna Orender, the Rabbi David Gaffney
Leadership in Education Award was presented to Sue Levine in recognition of her years of tireless
service to the Galinsky Academy’s schools and programs. The second award, the Academy’s inaugural
Community Partner Award, was introduced by former JJC President and current Jewish Federation of
Jacksonville President Sandy Zimmerman. The Academy presented the award to Federation in gratitude
for their commitment to Jewish education in Jacksonville, and it was accepted by Executive Director
Alan Margolies on Federation’s behalf. Actress Debra Messing also sent a surprise congratulatory
message to Margolies, whose families have been friends for
nearly three decades. The awardees each received an original
work of art - a beautiful glass heart symbolic of their love for our
community - crafted by a local glass blower, Bill Slade.
The program also included a silent auction of toddler chairs,
which were created by local artists and sold to the highest bidder
at evening’s end. The toddler chair sale brought in nearly $2,000
for the campaign.
105
—1
