*■— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
AN EXCITING TIME FOR THE DAY SCHOOL
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Jennie DeBardeleben
What is the purpose of a Jewish Day School? Put
simply, to educate world changers for a changing world. We
do that by instilling a set of qualities, tools, and values - a
mind-set, a skill set, and a set of commitments - that will
continue our mission of improving the world now, as well
as anticipating what will be needed in decades to come. Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
Specifically, we want students today,tomorrow, in ten DAY SCHOOL
and twenty years to...
Engage the world.
Think critically.
Own their Jewish identity.
Know how to get things done.
Know how to get beyond obstacles
and failure.
Have a vision of what is good.
Be healthy, strong, and positive.
Surround themselves with people
on the same journey.
Have chutzpah.
Be role models.
Be mentches.
Seek justice, and
Be eternally dissatisfied with
the status quo.
Last year we went a long way toward achieving our goals. Our middle school students continued their
weekly Mitzvah Program trips, and all of our students were involved in a variety of tzedakah programs. In
terms of academics, our standardized test scores are high, and our graduating 8th graders are routinely admitted
to the advanced studies programs to which they apply.
In terms of meeting the needs of all our students, we continue to be blessed by our partnership with
Jewish Family & Community Services, who provide us with a special education coordinator and a guidance
counselor. We believe that making each and every child successful academically and emotionally creates a
positive and productive school community. We are also grateful to our community partners Jewish Federation
of Jacksonville and Jewish Community Foundation of NE Florida for their continued commitment to Jewish
education in our community.
Shanah Tovah from our families to yours!
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal
of Middle School
Nancy Davis
Director of
Institutional
Advancement
Sarah Zakikhani
Administrative
Assistant
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
Executive
Assistant
112
