~SETZER YOUTH EDUCATION~ 
Setzer Youth Education is a leaf on the Galinsky Academy tree. We encompass all of the informal youth­related programming of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, including: 
Chalutzim (grades 4 & 5), Kadima (grades 6-8), USY (grades 9-12), Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Daisies, Brownies, Juniors and Camp Ki Tov ! Our goal is to have 
YOUTH EDUCAT I ON
a supplementary, Jewish, non-formal program for each and every child up to 12th grade. 
Each of our Youth Groups, as well as Scouts, is led by a leadership board consisting of their peers, which is overseen by advisors. Camp Ki Tov features a Leaders In Training track for 6th through 10th graders, which is led by our
Gabrielle Magid 
Youth Director Youth Director. One of the many benefits of this model is to teach all of our 
participants, from our youngest members to our oldest members, that they can have a voice and a say in the direction and process of their group, thus teaching them invaluable leadership skills that will benefit them for the rest of their lives. 
Approximately 100 kids participated in Setzer Youth Education programs this past year. All of our programs were very busy. Chalutzim has many programs including Messy Day, ice skating, Havdalah and a movie under the stars and a lip sync contest. The Jacksonville Jewish Center hosted the Mercaz Kadima convention, Yorn Universal for Kadimaniks and USYers from Altanta and Birmingham and the Mercaz USY Spring Sub-regional convention where the kids won most spirited chapter. Over 40 kids attended Camp Ramah Darom as a camper or staff member and Camp KiTov had a wait list. Scouts continues to grow in every area, engaging many of our younger children. 
The Setzer Youth Education Program welcomes Gabrielle Magid as our new Youth Director. She is planning another busy year and hopes even more kids from our Center family participate in one of the many opportunities for informal education in a social setting. 

CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION 
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center 2016-2017 COMMITTEE including Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Hebrew High and the 
CHAIR -Maori Mizrahi 
Scouts programs. The committee is made up of youth group 
STAFF LIAISON -Gabrielle Magid
advisors, presidents of our clubs and caring Center members 
who believe that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs designed Faye Mizrahi Marte Wasserman 
to develop upcoming Jewish leaders. Stacy Leach Herb Kaminsky 
Maura Silverstein Claudia Milian 
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Carrie Bielski Alan Andres 
Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - Dan Jaffa Brian Bell 
on -Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Pilgrimage. Gayle Bailys Perrin Rubin 
These provide excellent opportunities for our children to share Christina Levine Beth Wolpoff 
wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States and Canada. The Youth Hillary Rotenberg 
Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
