P Galinsky Academy
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The Galinsky Academy PTA is very excited for the 2016-2017
school year. We are going to continue to focus on building community,
or in Hebrew Ki-hil-ah. We want all parents, teachers and students
to feel that they are part of the warm, welcoming community at the
Galinsky Academy. We encourage everyone who wants to be involved
to come to a meeting or reach out to one of our PTA board members
to find an event or committee to help with. There are opportunities
to get involved that are weekly, only at holiday times or a onetime
deal. It takes an incredible team of people to manifest all that the
Galinsky Academy PTA does in one school year! Working together
for the betterment of the Galinsky Academy is what makes our Ki-hil-
ah so great. Whether you are a parent in the Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School, the Dubow Preschool, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School, Setzer Youth Education (or all four) your participation is both
welcome and needed.
PTA Officers
Emily Spector - PTA President
Lisa Hunt - Treasurer
Cindy Handmaker - Secretary
Rachel Brodsky - VP of Communication
Natalie Dayan - VP of Programming
Faye Hedrick - VP of Membership
Tracy Hilbert - VP of Fundraising
Amy Kaminsky - Religious School Liaison
Simon Schuster - VP of Services
Please come join us at a PTA meeting to find out what is going on, join a committee, help with holiday preparations,
or just have some coffee and be social. We would love to see you! Meetings take place once a month, we will have
two Sunday meetings to accommodate parents who cannot attend during the work week. Please check our website at
galinskyacademy.org/pta or like us on Facebook, Galinsky Academy PTA for all upcoming events and our calendar. Be
on the lookout for some community building activities. We will have special school-wide and grade specific Shabbat
dinners, a campout, mother-son event, father-daughter events, an amazing Purim carnival and lots more so please stay
connected and get involved to make our Galinsky Academy Ki-hil-ah (community) the best one ever!
119
