Setzer Youth Education
CAMP KI TOV
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Camp Ki Tov, Summer 2016, was full of fun!! We had a lot
of new faces on the staff eager to meet their campers. On the first
day of camp, the children arrived excited and ready for a memorable
summer. This summer, campers enjoyed some old favorites such as
fishing, archery, sports, and more. Some weeks we welcomed visitors
like a petting zoo, a magical pirate, and bounce houses. Other weeks
we ventured out to go to Bowl America, Rebounders, Pump It Up, and Fire Station 51. Our
new and improved L.I.T. program, headed by Lindsey Heifer proved to be a huge success. Our
L.I.T.’s had lots of fun learning leadership skills and making friendships while working with
campers and other counselors!
Each day, with varying themes such as Color Day, Wacky Wear Day, Field Trip Day, and more. Each cabin
competed with spirit and pride to win the beloved ‘spirit stick.’ We were also very fortunate to have our clergy
Rabbi Tilman, and Hazzan Holzer lead our Shabbat lunches on Friday’s with lot’s of ruach (spirit) and passion!
Our JJC clergy also joined each cabin for Judaic-related activities. We had the privilege of hosting counselors from
Israel at Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought to our camp! As usual, we also
had a great time planning our annual Camp Ki Tov undernight/overnight!! There was special nighttime swimming,
flashlight games, and kosher s’mores!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and we were more
than successful! Thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy, and to the loving parents. A big
shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who dedicated their summer to making memories for
our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy, and happy year. We look forward to creating more friendships with your
children during summer 2017 at Camp Ki Tov!!
128
