===== PAGE 1 =====
Jacksonville Jewish Center Yearbook
2016-2017 5777
===== PAGE 2 =====
RESTA
«jamas#
l,ST\VR^'
svvk'^
tañe
the truejlovOYS
báñese
aran M9 c««o
U*
LUNCH HAPPY
BUFFET HOUR
Great
Patio
and
_ Outside
IkHookah Bar
Monday Quarter Back
25% off Drinks & Hookah
Ladies Wednesday
50% off Drinks & Hookah
Lebanese Mediterranean Restaurant
LIVE
Entertainment
3928 BAYMEADOWS RD. • • beirutatjax.com
(LOCATED @ BAYMEADOWS & SAN JOSE) • HOURS: MONDAY - SUNDAY 11AM - 2AM
(¿ceboofc
===== PAGE 3 =====
Thank you members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
for your patronage
www.cruisersgrill.com
5613 San Jose Blvd. Suite 1 3 St. George Street
Jacksonville, FL 32207 St. Augustine, FL 32084
904-737-BURG (2874) 904-824-6993
319 23rd Ave., South
Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
904-270-0356
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
1
===== PAGE 4 =====
¡lili
minie
^AERlOgiftll
VISA
DR. PATRICK WEAVER
ORANGE PARK OFFICE * 1584-1 KINGSLEY AVENUE * ORANGE PARK, FL 32073
Jf \/
^ fHHHHNMV SBKKMBIkSSi
WEAVER & STRATTON ^
PEDIATRIC DENTISTRY ■
——fTrr v-
PEDIATRIC DENTAL OFFICES!
TO SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT
CALL OR VISIT US ONLINE:
* • j
JULINGTON CREEK OFFICE • 112-203 BARTRAM OAKS WALK • ST JOHNS, FL 32259
.OPTIONS'
2
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 5 =====
Falyn Shilts
Advertising Editor
Beth Wolpoff
Yearbook Editor
This years cover is a piece of art Blanche
Slott created many years ago. May her memory
be for a blessing.
To Our Advertisers: We extend our
gratitude, not only for making this publication
possible, but also for the support you lend to
our many activities. We urge our members to
reciprocate with their patronage.
Claims of Kashrut made by advertisers unassociated
with the synagogue are neither verified nor endorsed by the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
904-292-1000 • www.jjcjax.org
email: info@jaxjewishcenter.org
1
This yearbook is for informational purposes. It is not
intended to be a roster of The Center membership.
PROFESSIONAL AND LAY LEADERSHIP
Center Personnel 15
Executive Director’s Message 11
Hazzan’s Message 9
Margo’s Catering 15
President’s Message . 19
Rabbi Lubliner’s Message 5
Rabbi Tilman’s Message 7
Synagogue Board & Past Presidents 20-23
Ritual Director’s Message 13
JJC PHONE DIRECTORY 137
Memorial of Don Kriss 17
SYNAGOGUE ORGANIZATIONS & COMMITTEES
Adult Education 27
Center Cemeteries / Hevra Kaddisha 37
Hesed Community 31
Elouse Committee 29
Men’s Club 41
Membership 25
Religious Community 29
Sisterhood 39
Social Action Community 33
Social Justice 35
SoShul Network 31
COMMUNITY / SYNAGOGUE PHONE DIRECTORY.... 136-137
DIRECTORY OF ADVERTISERS 221-226
DIRECTORY OF MEMBERS 139-187
GALINSKY ACADEMY 103-105
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School 120-123
DuBow Preschool 106-111
Martin J Gottlieb Day School 112-119
Setzer Youth Education 124-135
GREETINGS 80-101
LIFECYCLE EVENTS
Babies 43-49
Bar and Bat Mitzvahs 57-59
Dearly Departed 69
Memorial of Blanche Slott 70-71
Weddings 61-67
Jewish Holiday Calendar 73
MEMORIALS 189-219
SYNAGOGUE SPECIAL EVENTS 74-79
===== PAGE 6 =====
TERN ANDINA
29 South Third Street
Femandina Beach, FL 32034
904-277-7919
www.29SouthRestaurant.com
4
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 7 =====
MI CASA, SU CASA: THE TRUTH OF INTERDEPENDENT COMMUNITY
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Jack F. Shorstein Senior
Rabbinic Chair
It’s been 30 years since I first read The Plague by French author Albert Camus. Set in the
Algerian port city of Oran, Camus’ story chronicles an outbreak of Bubonic Plague from beginning
to end. We read of life in Oran before the disease, the quarantine imposed upon the city once the
epidemic starts and its impact upon residents. We meet the physician Dr. Rieux, who fights the
plague and narrates the story; the journalist, Raymond Rambert who, at first, tries to escape the
quarantine yet ends up working for the common good; the fiery priest, Father Paneloux, whose
own uncompromising religious faith is shaken by circumstances; and Jean Tarrou, a visitor to Oran
possessed of a strong moral code who succumbs to the plague, and dies near the end of the story.
Camus’ novel highlights the ever-present tension between individual and community, self-
interest and the greater good. The sage Hillel understood this polarity when he coupled his two
famous questions into a single statement: “If I am not for myself, who will be for me? But if I am
only for myself, what am I?”
Again and again, as a rabbi, as a parent, as a human being, I see the ways in which the
decisions of individuals unwittingly impact on others. There are no grand schemes involved, no
intention to be self-absorbed; just the simple desire to exercise autonomy, to be true to one’s self.
Nevertheless, to live in a community of any kind invariably means that our decisions will impact
upon the lives of others. What is remarkable is how often we do what we do without considering
the ramifications of our decisions on the larger circles in which we live.
When our ancestor Abraham learned of God’s plan to destroy the wicked cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, he had the temerity to
challenge the Divine plan: “Will you sweep the innocent along with the wicked?” (Genesis 18:23). When Moses and Aaron seek to
avert God’s wrath after their kinsman Korah leads a rebellion against them, they exclaim, “0 God, Source of the breath of all flesh!
When one man sins will You be wrathful with the whole community?” (Numbers 16:22).
These are important theological questions, but here on earth the fact is we are connected in countless ways, even if we don’t
think about how. We know that a foreclosure down the block will negatively impact on our own home’s property value. Did our
neighbor go bankrupt to cause us grief? Of course not! Is it fair that the equity for which we have labored by the sweat of our brow
be undermined by someone else’s poor judgment? No! Yet such is the price for living within a community - the same community
whose property values, locational desirability, and the quality of its schools was determined not by a single person or family, but by
an entire neighborhood of individuals, the taxes they pay, and the efforts they make (or neglect to make) in improving the quality of
communal life.
The same is true of every decision we make as individuals in a Jewish context - whether or not we participate in supporting the
Jewish community through our tzedakah, send our teens to Hebrew High, plan a kosher life cycle event, bring our kids to services
on Shabbat, help make a minyan, pay a shiva call, or accept volunteer roles - impacts on someone else. Sometimes, when enough
individuals make the same decision for personal reasons, a critical mass is generated that can affect the entire community, for good
or for ill. We may not relish this fact; we may even sometimes resent it, but it is an unavoidable and inextricable aspect of being in a
relationship with another person, a family, an entire community.
Midrash relates a parable of a boat filled with people. When one passenger begins to drill a hole under his own seat, his companions
protest loudly. He replies, “What business is it of yours? I’m only drilling a hole under my seat, not yours!” (Vayikra Rabbah 4:6).
The moral of the story is clear. In a secular culture that values personal autonomy and customer satisfaction above virtually everything
else, it is sufficient to be a world unto oneself. Within a Jewish context, however, community consists of interlocking worlds, a human
ecosystem in which mutual dependencies constitute a permanent pas de deux between us and our neighbors.
I’ll leave the last word to Camus, or, if you like, Raymond Rambert, the journalist who attempts to evade the quarantine of
Oran, only to stay and make a difference in the lives of others. “Until now I always felt a
stranger in this town, and that I had no concern with you people. But now that I’ve seen what
I have seen, I know that I belong here whether I want it or not. This business is everybody’s
business.” Indeed, it is, Monsieur Rambert; to live within community is to truly realize how
community lives within us.
Susan, Avichai, Elior, and Itamar join me in wishing you and your loved ones a year of
sweetness, health, and meaningful life.
Shanah Tovah Tikatevu u Tehatemu - May we be inscribed and sealed for good in the
book of life,
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
5
===== PAGE 8 =====
L' Shanah Tovah Tikatevu
May the Blessings of Peace
Health and Happiness be yours
throughout the New Year
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A.
Spine and Joint Reconstruction
Chaim Rogozinski, M.D.
Abraham Rogozinski, M.D.
Sam Rogozinski, C.0.0.
(904) 733-3529
www.rogozinskiortho.com
3716 University Blvd. South • Jacksonville, FL 32216
6
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 9 =====
The High Holy Day season is filled with many ups and downs. Over the course
of four weeks we come together to celebrate, to pray, to eat, to fast, to reflect, and to
remember. Perhaps the defining moment of the High Holy Day liturgy takes place
at the start of Musaf each day of the holidays, the U-netaneh Tokef, the Sacred
Power of the Day. It is in this prayer where we create the ultimate image of the High
Holiday season - God sitting on His throne, judging and inscribing us in the Book
of Life or the Book of Death. It is this image that gives us our theme, our theology,
and our sense of awe throughout the Holidays.
“On Rosh Hashanah it is written, and on Yom Kippur it is sealed! How many
will pass on, and how many will be bom? Who will live and who will die?”
Rabbi Howard Tilman Ordinarily when I recite these lines I picture the defining image of God on the
throne. But this year, while still keeping that divine image in mind, I’ll likely have
something else pop into my head.
Alexander Hamilton.
Yes, this past year was the year that “Hamilton” set all kinds of Broadway records. I’ll admit that it took me
a little while to fully plug into the show, but when I actually did study the lyrics in the early summer months,
one phrase in particular stood out. “Who lives, who dies, who tells your story.” This is the closing song of the
show, and George Washington tells the audience, “let me tell you what I wish I’d known, when I was young and
dreamed of glory, you have no control, who lives, who dies, who tells your story.” The song is a fitting close to the
musical that focuses so much on the legacy of Hamilton and how his story is told or not told to later generations.
As I listened to the soundtrack on repeat for about a month straight I couldn’t help but recognize the similarities
between this line from Hamilton and the U-netaneh Tokef. “Who will live and who will die?” While the traditional
understanding may teach us that this is totally out of our hands, our modem perspective demonstrates we do have
a say in this. How we live each year determines what our fate will be. But how often do we think about that second
part, “Who tells your story?” Oftentimes we view the High Holy Days as the time to think about our own fates,
but they are also a time to consider our own stories. In the year ahead, 5777, what story will we tell and who will
tell our stories?
What will our story be? We control the story we write. We decide what we do, what we care about, and what
we act on. We decide what is important in our lives and what we value as Jews. We write our own story each year,
based on the previous chapters - learning important lessons, gaining new experiences. This year, what changes
will we make? How will we better shape ourselves to ensure the story we want? Is the story being told?
Who will tell our story? Who are the people we keep around us each year? Who is in our community and
what does it look like? While we can’t control the actions people around us take, we can control who we surround
ourselves with. We can keep our family, our friends, those who share our memories and those who share our
values, closest to us.
Additionally, we can also consider what stories do we tell? Who are the people in our lives that are no longer
with us, and how do we share their stories? We can make sure that the stories of those who came before us are
continuing to be told so that their lives and their lessons will continue to
live on with us.
I hope that this year of 5777 brings us all health, happiness and many
good stories to tell. Naomi joins me in wishing you a Shanah Tovah
u ’Metukah. May we all celebrate a happy, healthy and sweet new year.
Rabbi Howard Tilman
7
===== PAGE 10 =====
lULINGTON DENTAL
• Cosmetic dentistry
• Children's dentistry
• Advanced restorative
dentistry
• Emergency dentistry
• State of the art
technology
• Most major insurance
plans accepted
Karin Bod or, DMD
jason Speigel, DMD
Call today and discover how
you can have that perfect smile
904-230-5537
106 Julington Plaza Drive, Suite #6 • Jacksonville, Florida 32259
WWW.JULINGTONDENTAL.COM
8
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 11 =====
1
¥— A Message from the Hazzan —4
HEAR THE SONG AND THE PRAYER
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
In Jewish prayer, we find two key components- the liturgy and the melody
that makes the liturgy come alive. Often they depend on one another to thrive.
Without liturgy, a melody becomes a wordless niggun that may or may not stick
in someone’s ear. It becomes a radio hit and no longer something built upon
sacred intention. Without melody, the text cannot feed off of the catchy rhythms
to come alive. Yet sometimes our texts give us the opportunity to appreciate
both song and lyric, to underscore the power of the notes without forgetting the
sanctity of both what we ask for and who we ask it from.
As the gateway ushering in the High Holiday season, the midnight Selihot
(penitential) service contains the refrain Lishmoa el Harina v’el Hat’filia, “to
Hearken to the Song and to the Prayer.” Days before Rosh Hashana, we ask that
God prepare to listen to us as there may be a few extra people in the pews over
the holiday sharing their hopes and dreams for the coming year.
Commentators insist that it is the Rena, the joyous song, that is used to praise God; to thank God before
we petition on our own behalf. Voicing our gratitude through song is supposed to equal a more receptive God
on the other line. While this is a major concept whenever Jews pray (we have prayers filled with shevach,
praise, before we have any bakasha, request), there is an important relationship between Rena and Tefilla.
Tefilla shares a root with L’hitpalel, to judge oneself. This sense of self-evaluation is very much High
:::
Holidays. Self-evaluation, judging oneself, can also be very heavy. We focus on what we’ve done wrong,
what we’ve missed out on, what we need to improve, without considering the weight on our shoulders. In
comes Rena, the weightless, joyous song. A melody can lighten the moment. A melody allows us to breathe
in and breathe out. When Rena precedes Tefilla, when we ask God to listen to the melody before the plea, we
are anticipating that we can often get carried away with our plea. Our judging can shift away from ourselves
and on to others. The song is uninhibited. The joy is pure. We want God to be reminded of the purity of the
message, the depth of the melody that preceded the noise. In doing so, we remind ourselves that we need that
outlet to breathe, to sing, to just be.
I am biased. My life is song. My profession is song. My family is song. I am also a huge fan of intention.
We lead off with joyous song, hoping that prayer will include the same intentionality. With an open heart
and a joyous song, no matter how in tune, we prepare with the right mindset. As we enter these holy days,
and this New Year 5777, let us all listen to the song as well as the prayer. May prayer trickle into song and
song into prayer. May the songs of our services and
of our lives fill us with joy and gladness. May this
be a year of intention, love and appreciation of all
you have to offer.
The entire Holzer household wishes you all a
Shanah tovah, a happy and healthy new year.
Hazzan Jesse, Leora, Rena and Dafna Holzer
9
===== PAGE 12 =====
Jacksonville
FARMERS
RETAIL AND
WHOLESALE
OPEN TO THE
^ PUBLIC
MARKET
LOCAL + ETHNIC + SPECIALTY
Why pay more?
Save up to 70%
Providing the widest selection of produce in North Florida - arriving FRESH DAILY.
Featuring local, ethnic, specialty & unique agricultural products and plants.
Open from 7 AM - 6 PM every day of the year!
904.354.2821
jaxfarmersmarket.com f
Enjoy convenient drive-up parking and covered walkways.
1810 W. Beaver Street, Jacksonville, FL 32209
(Restaurant on premises)
10
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 13 =====
§pn
Gilbert Kleiner, FSA
Executive Director
The Torah is full of stories where our ancestors journeyed from one place
to another to begin a new adventure and perform sacred duties. Many of us
have journeyed from one city to begin a new adventure here in Jacksonville.
My wife, Carol, and I have begun our new adventure and have completed our
journey to our new spiritual home here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
The warmth and friendship that we have experienced in our short time
here have made a great impression on us. Everyone has opened their arms to
welcome us as if we were family. The many connections that have been made
through family and friends from our former home in Baltimore are amazing.
One example is when a young mother came up to me at a Center event and
I introduced myself to her. She then told me her name and then a story about
her friend from Baltimore who knows me. Her friend is a close friend of one
of my daughters from childhood, and happened to be a young woman I have known since she was a young
child. The warmth expressed by this young mother and her family was another confirmation as to why I
am very fortunate and glad to be a new part of the Center family.
As we begin our new journey with the High Holy Days, I invite you, your family and your friends to
stop by to visit. And I invite you to join me in my adventure here at the Jacksonville Jewish Center by
finding out what excites you about being Jewish. Let’s begin that adventure together. I want to meet you,
talk with you and learn from you as to how we can continue to make the Center the place where your
spiritual needs will be found.
Carol and I and our families in California, New York and Connecticut wish you and your families a
L’Shanah Tovah Umetukah (A Happy and Sweet New Year).
B’Shalom and See you at the Center.
Gilbert Kleiner, FSA
A NEW JOURNEY AND A NEW ADVENTURE
11
===== PAGE 14 =====
12
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 15 =====
BE A TEAM PLAYER
My dear friends,
Fortunately I am long on thought, but short on words. Last November, I joined
a new team. Team Jacksonville Jewish Center. I did not know the other players,
coaches or fans. I joined apparently one year too soon as my home team finally won
the NBA title. Who knew?
My new team has welcomed me with open arms and offers of help. And about
the only skills I can’t improve on are my computer / technology statistics. God bless
Danielle.
Overall it is such a fantastic group of staff that really know and care about helping
each other. I could write for pages and pages about the wonderful atmosphere
regarding the Jacksonville Jewish Center. It is an exemplary place for prayer and
learning; for adults and children; for Jews and non-Jews.
I suspect the longer I write, the sooner you will stop reading. Allow me to say that one of the things that
makes a community unique is its ability to work together and helping each other in needful times. Yes, you know
minyan. We need you. Thank God that we are here to help you in your times of need. Please! Be there for us.
Be an important part of our lives when we need you. Please help us make a minyan. It doesn’t make us religious.
It does make us human and thoughtful. It’s not someone else’s job to make minyan, it’s yours. We are all busy,
we are all tired. Many of us have families and community obligations. I’m just asking you to put us on the list
once in a while to help others.
OK, you are done by now. So I will leave you with the hope that my wife will be joining me soon to help me
enjoy my life here and can see for herself that of which I speak. If this is not long enough, please let me know. I
will be ready to write a part II.
Shanah Tovah,
David Wolinsky
David Wolinsky
Ritual Director
===== PAGE 16 =====
nuaaau tu a
Minuteman
f ana»*
Press
□ ClOOe n
^ The First & Last Step In Printing.
o 0OOOOOOO0 o o o
a D a
* * • ■
email: sales@mmpjax.com
E3 s o
Q o ^2 O im n O O O o y o o o
i/inifi
on®
GRAPHICS, .PRINT, MAIL
3 ii^ da no a "
_ _ _ _ _
A/VD PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS
I 3 □ □ □ o D . • ,
IMI
O
Online Ordering • Variable Data • Newsletters
Wide Format Posters and Signs
Doorhangers • Postcards
'1 r JOD JIP''a a □ a - ■
Letterheads / Envelopes • Flyers
f ^
a a - ■ 3 0 q
and much, much more!
in 12 □ □ □ 01 o D » *
OODDao□□ ° ° • ■
i
I >•'
n o□□□□□□□□o a ■ ■ ■ ■
□ □□□□□□□□□□ O ° ■ ■
□ □□□□□□□□□□ □ a • •
4185 SUNBEAM ROAD • SUITE 100
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32257
* TEL: 904.733.5578
C O O C O O
FAX: 904.733.6568
-"i !>
' !'!
•)L
' \U
it*
r ;u
\ '¡f
r' • ‘¡i,
! , i'
i ! i
14
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 17 =====
Administrative Staff
Margo s Catering
Ivy Kfare
Marketing &
Communications Coordinator
Danielle Berke
Executive Assistant to the Clergy
Maintenance & Housekeeping Staff
Brent Ganey
Facilities Supervisor
The maintenance and housekeeping
staff work diligently to keep our
building clean and presentable at
all times. Our staff is dedicated to
the care of all the physical needs
required by the many events which
take place throughout the year.
Volunteers, event planners and
Center staff appreciate the special
attention they receive from the
maintenance department. The
maintenance staff offers invaluable
support to the members of our
congregation.
Catrina, Margo and Andrew Ruby
Catering Directors
Your simcha is in good hands with
Margo’s. From planning to presentation,
you’ll appreciate the professional touches
that the catering staff brings to every event.
The menus are varied, creative and delicious.
The service is excellent, and the ambiance is
always inviting. Best of all, congregants can
count on Andrew and Catrina to be helpful,
friendly and reassuring. It’s a pleasure to
plan a party or congregational program at the
Center. Whether it’s a Bar or Bat Mitzvah,
wedding or other occasion, you can trust
Margo’s Catering to make it memorable.
To learn more about menus and catering
options, go to Margo’s Catering’s website,
www.margoskoshercatering.com.
(Under the Kosher supervision of
Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner)
Lori Schoettler
Director of Finance & Operations
Leslie Manucy
Accounts Receivable
Betsy Hancock
Accounts Payable
Rose Tincher
Receptionist
15
===== PAGE 18 =====
Development Corporation For Israel
801 West Bay Drive, Ste 714, Largo, FL 33770
727.282.1125 tampa@israelbonds.com
ISRAELIS BONDS
INVEST IN ISF1AEL BONDS • israelbonds.com
This is not an offering, which can be made only by prospectus. Read
the prospectus carefully before investing to foly evaluate the risks
associated with inverting in Israel bonds. Member FINRA
16
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 19 =====
§5®— In Memory of Our Executive Director —|
DON KRISS
The Executive Director of a synagogue is an incredibly challenging job. Yet during his tenure at the
Jacksonville Jewish Center, Don Kriss z”l went to work on the knots of synagogue life with the dedication,
skill and patience of an accomplished angler tracing a snarled line to its source and freeing it from its
entanglements. Always a thoughtful listener, Don made each person who came to him feel heard. When any
employee, from a part-time maintenance person to a senior staff member, suffered a personal loss, Don was
always there to offer a hand and a shoulder, because people mattered to him.
Don knew how to communicate effectively with synagogue leaders, but he was also passionate about
those who lived at the margins: those who struggled to make ends meet; those who were house-bound by
chronic illness; those who were lonely. On numerous occasions he reached into his own pocket to help
someone in need. That many of them never knew it was Don who assisted them is exactly how he wanted
it to be.
Respected among his professional peers, Don served on the Board of Governors of the North American
Association of Synagogue Executives, and was certified as a Fellow in Synagogue Administration. He
mentored and counseled colleagues for more than two decades, and gave unstintingly to those who sought to
learn from his experience and perspective. The clergy with whom he worked over the years always held Don
in high esteem for his commitment, talent, and passion.
Don was a devoted husband to Janet throughout their 38 years of marriage; a loving father to Joel, Leah,
and son-in-law John; a very proud grandfather of Finley; a caring son to llene; and an affectionate brother to
Ronda and Aron.
It is hard to believe that Don served as our Executive Director for only 4'A years. It feels as though he
was here far longer - a testament to the indelible mark he has made on all of us. We are grateful that Don left
us a better and stronger institution because of his presence in our lives. An avid fisherman, Don’s life might
be compared to a catch-and-release program, but with an important difference. In drawing us into the net of
his goodness and charm, we returned to swim in the sea of life changed for the better . . . and for that we are
deeply grateful.
Yehi zikhro Barukh, David Nachum ben Shlomo v 'Chava, his memory shall always be for a blessing.
17
===== PAGE 20 =====
We care about
your adoption.
p Si lORSItlN
¿¿Kelly
Board Certified
Adoption Attorneys
adoption-usa.com
We’re local.
3821 Atlantic Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32207
(904) 348-6400 • lnfo@ShorsteinKelly.com
18
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 21 =====
A Message from the President
yearbook: memories and joys
Remember when you were a kid and anticipated getting your school yearbook
at the end of the year? I sure do. After looking for my own picture to see how it
turned out, I would look at my friends’ pictures and then start the journey of getting
my friends to write special notes in my yearbook. Their words were considered
almost sacred because they were from special people, and I would be able to look
back and read their sentiments days and years later. What a great source of joy and
remembrance!
This year, I encourage you to do what I am going to do: pass my JJC yearbook
to friends and advertisers and ask them to write a short note. In exchange, I will do
the same for them. Let’s keep our JJC yearbooks out in a place where we can see
them, read through them, and be reminded of all of the meaningful reasons we are
members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
We will remember beloved family and friends who have passed, such as our
dear Don Kriss. We will remember that Steve Mizrahi stepped in selflessly as our
Interim Executive Director and that Howard Wolpoff stepped up to replace Steve
as our Vice President of Religious Life. We can be thankful for all of our front office staff and maintenance who
keep our synagogue running so smoothly. We can dream about our next kosher meal from Margo’s Catering,
which we are fortunate to have right here on site for our schools, simchas and holidays. Take time to read the
letters from Rabbis Lubliner and Tilman and Hazzan Holzer, who work diligently to guide us through lifecycle
events, lead us in services, and support our Jewish observance and journeys.
As you find the pictures of our General Board and our Executive Board members, please be thankful
for their commitment and sacrifice of personal time to enhance our Jacksonville Jewish Center in every way
possible. Thanks to these folks, along with many other lay leaders, we have a new Executive Director, Gil
Kleiner, who comes to us with 27 years of experience. We now have our own 1/4-mile paved path in Beth
Shalom Park, and the pool area has been enhanced with new pavers and a new fence. Our Galinsky Academy
continues to offer educational programs for infants through high school students plus scouting and youth groups
for our Jewish adults and leaders of tomorrow.
As your synagogue president, I have had to the opportunity to witness all of these accomplishments with a
front row seat, and it has been my honor. I hope that you will smile back on the past year and join me in working
toward another successful year. The Jacksonville Jewish Center is a synagogue, a school, a place to pray, learn,
form friendships, and a place to feel connected. I hope you will consider becoming more involved or participating
in some new way this
coming year. If you
would like to learn more
about anything the JJC
has to offer, please feel
free to contact me. I’ll
even sign your yearbook.
Alyse Nathans
Board President
Wishing you a sweet
and healthy New Year -
Shanah Tovah,
Alyse Nathans
along with Alan,
Rebecca, Arin and
Morgan
19
===== PAGE 22 =====
Joette Anderson
Allan Andrew
Eve Aptheker
Ellen Balotin
Risa Datz
Etta Fialkow
Bob Fischer
Debbie Goldstein
Rhoda Goldstein
Alan Harrison
Faye Hedrick
Joanie Levin
Amy Levinson
Marla Lewis
Lenny Maiman
Harvey Matoren
Mauri Mizrahi
Rachel Morgenthal
Jen Plotkin
Penny Powell
Meryl Rittenberg
Randi Rogozinski
Scott Schwartz
Rebekah Selevan
Michael Setzer
Shari Shuman
Sheri Weiss
Sara Werner
Elyse Whitman
Carole Wolpin
Past Presidents
Lawrence DuBow
Michael DuBow
Sheldon Gendzier
Mitchell Levine
Charles Mizrahi
Jeffery Morris
Marsha Pollock
Fred Pozin
Mark Shorstein
Michael Shorstein
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
Evan Yegelwel
Sanford “Sandy”
Zimmerman
Seeman Zimmerman
20
===== PAGE 23 =====
— ^
► Executive Board 4
Fred Pozin
Chairman of the Board
Alyse Nathans
President
Ben Setzer
Executive VP
David Bielski
Executive VP
Michael Schneider
VP of Finance
Debby Kaye Howard Wolpoff
VP of Education VP of Ritual/Religious
Sheree Spriggs
VP of Membership
Mauri Mizrahi
VP of Youth
Tyler Curl
VP of House
Mel Gottlieb
VP at Large
Bruce Horovitz
VP at Large
Rick Plotkin
VP at Large
Russell Selevan
VP at Large
VP at Large VP at Large Secretary Sisterhood Rep Men’s Club Rep
21
===== PAGE 24 =====
Past Presidents
Max Frank*
1901-1904
H. Hammerman*
1905
Isaac Davis*
1906-1910
David Moskovitz*
1923-1926; 1938-1939
Jacob Lapinsky*
1927
Max Rubin*
1930-1937
Abe Newman*
1940-1943
Harry Gendzier*
1944-1946
Robert J. Gordon*
1953-1955
Jack Becker*
1966-1967
Harry Leff*
1949
Ralph Mizrahi*
1956-1957
Nathan Friedlin*
1968-1969
Philip Selber*
1950-1951; 1953-1955
1963-1965
Burton Grossman*
1958-1960
Wilbur Margol*
1970-1971
Philip Bork*
1952
Judge Louis Safer*
1961-1962
1972-1974
22
*In Loving Memory
===== PAGE 25 =====
Charles Mizrahi
1974-1976
Sheldon Gendzier
1976-1978
Lawrence DuBow
1978-1980
Samuel “Bud” Shorstein
1978-1980
Nathan Krestul*
1980-1982
Sol Proctor*
1982-1984
Dr. Joseph Honigman*
1984-1986
Marsha Pollock
1988-1990
Mark Shorstein
1998-2000
Sandy Zimmerman
2006-2008
Jeffery Morris
1990-1993
Michael Shorstein
2000-2002
Dr. Mitchell Levine
2008-2010
Stuart Hecht*
1993-1996
Philip Bloom
2002-2004
Michael DuBow
2010-2013
Evan Yegelwel
1996-1998
Seeman Zimmerman
2004-2006
Fred Pozin
2012-2014
*In Loving Memory
23
===== PAGE 26 =====
Committees & Organizations
24
===== PAGE 27 =====
Committees & Organizations
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
The Membership Committee at the Center
wishes all of our Center family, “L’Shanah
Tovah!” We on the committee serve as the
hosts and hostesses of the synagogue and have
incorporated marketing and programming
within our role for this new year. Our goal is to
try to make all of our members, both new and old
alike, feel welcome in our combined spiritual
home. All Center members should feel like a
member of the Membership Committee, inviting
the unaffiliated to join our family and to reach
out to unfamiliar faces when in the building to
connect with those you do not know.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is one large
family. We come together as a community in the
celebration of life cycle events: Baby Naming’s
and Brises, Graduations from our Schools of
the Galinsky Academy, Bar and Bat Mitzvahs,
Weddings, and, sadly, our loved ones’ passing’s.
Many have chosen to celebrate the anniversaries
of these life cycle events with their Center family.
We continue to provide great greeters teams for all Shabbat Services, this dedicated group of men and
women provide a wonderful service for our guests and existing members. We look forward to the annual
new member Sukkot Welcome dinner where all of our newly joined families are guests of the congregation
for a festive holiday meal and special activities. And of course, we all enjoyed the new member open
house and pool party in conjunction with the Galinsky Academy welcome back to school event! If you
are interested in joining a Havurah, please feel free to contact the Synagogue office and they will put you
in touch with a member of the committee. There are many more exciting activities being formulated as I
write and look forward to sharing just after the High Holy Days.
I would like to thank all the current Membership Committee Members this year who have supported
our programs. We look forward to continued participation in the support and growth of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center.
2015-2016
Committee Members
MEMBERSHIP CHAIR
- Sheree Spriggs
STAFF LIAISON -
Ivy Kfare
COMMITTEE MEMBERS
Joette Anderson
Carol Matoren
Shirley Bielski
Harvey Matoren
Moti Demri
Aliza Morris
Etta Fialkow
Robin Morris
Marilyn Garber
Kathy Osterer
Paula Garfinkel
Penny Powell
Vicki Gatewood
Marjie Rogozinski
Elaine Hodz
Falyn Shilts
Carolyn Krestul
Robin Shorstein
Amy Levinson
Tom Spriggs
MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE
===== PAGE 28 =====
26
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 29 =====
Communities & Organizations -4
ADULT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
What an incredible year we have had in Adult
Education! We continue our commitment to offering a
variety of informative classes and special events at all levels
of learning for our congregants and the Jacksonville Jewish
community in general. We thank the Adult Education
committee members who, along with our teachers and
clergy, provide many hours of hard work and dedication to
deliver these educational opportunities.
Ongoing classes include: Talmud with Rabbi Lubliner,
multi-level Hebrew classes, Service Skills class with Lois
Tompkins, and our Foundations of Judaism classes taught by Etta Fialkow, Rabbi Merrill Shapiro, Rabbi Mark
Wieder, as well as our current clergy. Monthly ShalOM Meditation sessions and Coffee and Torah continue on
Shabbat mornings. Our Adult Library is being used daily, providing a resource for all who wish to do some research,
learn something new, or simply enjoy a Jewish fictional story.
New classes this year included a Torah Trope series with Hazzan Holzer, a Hebrew conversation class with
Michael Grossman, and a successful introduction of our first “Chai Mitzvah” class, a national program created as a
way to engage adults in a Jewish journey throughout their lives. We established a new Yiddish Club, and a new Book
Club. We were so proud to celebrate the conclusion of the 2-year Adult B’nei Mitzvah class on Shavuot, with six
adults from varying backgrounds leading the service and proudly reading Torah and haftorah.
Special events were very well attended! Our yearly Marilyn and Louis Safer Shabbaton with scholar-in-residence
Susannah Heschel was a huge success. Ms. Heschel is a world-renowned professor and author, and daughter of
Abraham Joshua Heschel, one of the leading Jewish theologians and Jewish philosophers of the 20th century. She
gave us a fascinating glimpse into her life as a teenager personally involved in the civil-rights movement of the 60s
with her father and Martin Luther King, Jr.; she taught fascinating lessons on interfaith relationships and Torah; and she
discussed her popular “Orange on the Seder Plate” initiative.
Other visiting speakers included visiting JTS professor Dr. Amy Kalmanofsky, who brought in a huge crowd
for her interactive lecture “The Bible’s Walking Dead: King Saul’s Spooky and Sad End”. Our annual Weiss-Liebo
program brought us a documentary of Dr. Felix Zandman, who survived the holocaust and eventually became one of
the most distinguished scientists of the 20th Century. His widow was on hand to speak very eloquently and emotionally
about her husband’s life and accomplishments. We supported the launching of RE:MIND, a congregational initiative
to improve community mental health and aiming to neutralize stigma by talking about mental illness like any other
physical ailment.
Why not try us out? Our programs are provided free of charge and are open to all. For continuously updated
information, please visit us under “Adult Education” at JJCJax.org.
L’Shanah Tovah!
Helen Shacter, Adult Education Committee Chair Lois Tompkins, Staff Coordinator
2015-2016 Committee Members
CHAIR: Helen Shacter
MEMBERS
Eve Aptheker
Wendy Honigman
Sandi Driben
Carolyn Krestul
Etta Fialkow
Leonard Lipkin
Elaine Furman
Sharon Rosenblum
Peter Hammer
Marion Tischler
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
27
===== PAGE 30 =====
Wajsman
Home Team
REALTOR'
s
'MORGAN5
vMORGAN;
:=:'
...For the people
Attorneys
at Law
GRANT KUVIN
ATTORNEY
76 South Laura Street, Suite 1100
Jacksonville, Florida 32202-3433
Direct: (904) 361-7170
Fax: (904) 361-4315
GKuvin@forthepeople.com
Paige 904.476.4120
Paige@wajsmanhometeam.com
lian 904.629.4663
Ilan@wajsmanhometeam.com
WajsmanHomeTeam.com
kw JACKSONVILLE
KELLERWILLIAMS. REALTY
Thank you for your support!
Wishing you a Healthy and Happy New Year!
NORTH FLORIDA SURGEONS
BAPTIST JACKSONVILLE DIVISION
Drs. Felger, Hodgett, Morgenthal, Niemeyer & POLLEY
CRAIG MORGENTHAL, MD, FACS
GENERAL & LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
BARIATRIC SURGERY
ROBOTIC SURGERY
Baptist Medical Pavilion
836 Prudential Dr. #1001
Jacksonville, FL 32207
Phone (904) 398-0033
Fax (904) 398-6774
www.nflsurgeons.com
Residential • Commerical • Industrial
Repairs
Watson Plumbing
The Watson Way
4456 Sunbeam Road
Suite 200
Jacksonville, FL 32257
CFC 057664
(904) 737-6337
fax (904) 899-6827
www.watsonmaintenance.com
A Division ofWatson Maintenance Services, Inc.
28
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 31 =====
1
— Committees & Organizations -«
1
RELIGIOUS LIFE COMMUNITY
During the year 5776, the Religious Life Community (RLC) under the leadership of Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
and Vice-President Howard Wolpoff, worked to shape and guide the religious direction of the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. This year we welcomed our new Religious Director, David Wolinsky, who has brought Torah reading at
the Center to a whole new level. A special thank you goes out to Peter Hammer who has assumed the role of lead
Gabbai on Shabbat mornings.
We have worked very hard to develop a new Bar/Bat Mitzvah program that has been introduced to our current
5th and 6th graders and their families. This new program will help train our students, and their families, on many
additional aspects of Judaism and provide them with many new opportunities to experience rituals and services
together. The goal is to reinforce that the day of the Bar/Bat Mitzvah is only one day in the Jewish journey and
encourage greater congregational and youth program participation in the days and years to come.
The RLC has also looked at ways to improve and add to our services, including the development of the Nashira
alternate service. We also were proud to honor Jack Mizrahi as our second annual, and newly named, Scott P.
Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is proud to offer a daily morning and evening minyan, one of only a few
Conservative congregations in our region to do so. The RLC is committed to ensuring that minyan remains a strong
part of our synagogue’s core values. It affords individuals on a daily basis the opportunity to connect with God and
other members of the community, and provides mourners with a place to recite Kaddish for loved ones. With the
efforts put forth by the RLC, attendance at our daily minyanim continues to increases, year over year.
Many thanks to Rabbi Lubliner, Hazzan Holzer and Rabbi Tilman for their hours of devotion and service to
our congregation. We are also grateful for the devoted efforts of the RLC members for their hard work in helping
to share the present and future of our congregation.
Community Members 2015-2016
CHAIR - Howard Wolpoff STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
Joette Anderson
Etta Fialkow
Steven Mizrahi
Harry Shmunes
Greg Arnold
Lynda Gridley
Alyse Nathans
Beth Shorstein
Shirley Bielski
Faye Hedrick
Joey Plotkin
Daniel Shorstein
Philip Bloom
Len Lipkin
Marco Rand
Robin Shorstein
Moti Demri
Mauri Mizrahi
Mark Shainbrown
HOUSE COMMITTEE
2016 was a busy year for the House
Committee! Thanks to a generous donation in
memory of H. Joel Selber, we have completed
the first phase of the Masterplan for Beth
Shalom Park, including a !4 mile paved walking
path, and upgrades to the pool deck and fence.
This endeavor has not only made the park
more accessible than ever, but will allow for
wheelchair access to both the pool and the
gazebo! We hope to continue this momentum,
further expanding access and usability of the
park and play fields.
Committee Members 2015-2016
CHAIR-
Tyler Curl
STAFF LIAISON - Gilbert Kleiner
Marla Lewis
David Schmerer
Alyse Nathans
Erica Jolles
Mike Mass
Philip Bloom
Scotty Schwartz
Sheri Weiss
Ben Setzer
Dana Zaifert
Steve Mizrahi
Howard Wolpoff
Steven Gross
29
===== PAGE 32 =====
Serving Northeast
Florida Since 1898
BUSINESS
PERSONAL
LIFE
HEALTH
rl\&ndroff
TM
INSURANCE AGENCY
www.Vandroff-lnsurance.com
5150 Belfort Road, Building 200 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
904.296.3390 office • 904.296.6144 fax
Copyright ©2011, Vandroff Insurance Inc. All Rights Reserved. An Independent Insurance Agent®
Kjíedi terra nia
EJ RESTAURANT
Greek - Italian
• \Jud
AvaMUc ÍS
3877 Baymeadows Road
just off San Jose Boulevard
73 I-2898
fax 731-4492
LUNCH HOURS:
Monday-Friday
11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
DINNER HOURS:
5 to I0 p.m.
Closed on Sunday
EM
www.greekrestaurant.com
THE LOOP
p^W.
The Mandarin Loop
9965 San Jose Blvd.
Jacksonville, FL 32257
(904) 262-2210
Visit us online at
www.looppizzagrill.com
to sign up for our
e-Loop Club
30
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 33 =====
Committees & Organizations
HESED COMMUNITY
The Hesed Committee seeks to offer emotional support to our congregants and their families in times of
illness, loss and other life challenges. Hesed Committee members are available to offer friendly visits, cards
and phone calls to those who are ill, recuperating from hospitalization or surgery, homebound or suffering
from a loss.
Congregants are reminded that they should first notify the clergy office if they or a loved one is ill or in
the hospital. The name can then be added to the Mi-Shbeirach list for a Prayer for Healing and, if requested,
our clergy or a Hesed Committee member can follow up with a call or a visit. The Hesed Committee will
do its best to respond to requests for outreach to River Garden or any other nursing home facility, as long as
we are notified. And in the event of a loved one’s death, the Hesed Committee is available to help provide a
minyan for shiva, follow up with a “Care and Comfort” visit after shiva and, through the Jacksonville Jewish
Center, offer a bereavement group.
Any Center member who would like to join the Hesed Committee should contact Beth Shorstein at (904)
868-4400 or Danielle Berke in the clergy office at (904) 292-1000, xl 15. It is a mitzvah to be available to
reach out to members of our congregational family during these times and very rewarding to be part of our
Hesed Community.
CHAIR -
Committee Members 2015-2016
Beth Shorstein STAFF LIAISON - Rabbi Jonathan
Lubliner
Bob Bossen
Peter Hammer
Marcia Howard
Penny Powell
Naomie Bossen
Laurie Hecht
Marcelle Karstaedt
Andy Raitt
Debbie Charpiat
Faye Hedrick
Sylvia Lubliner
Robin Rand
Sandi Driben
Andrea Hernandez
Larry Mendlow
Marjie Rogozinski
Dina Fetner
Helen Hill
Jack Mizrahi
Heather Sherman
Rhoda Goldstein
Rabbi Joseph Hirsch
Rachel Morgenthal
Sheree Spriggs
Laura Goldstein
Edith Horovitz
Robin Morris
SOSHUL NETWORK
The “SoShul Network” was established in early 2013
as a group for 20- and 30-somethings of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center to network and enjoy the company of new
and old friends. The committee plans Jewish-themed social
events to engage its members as well as promotes activities
and programs. Please visit our Facebook page for more
information and to find out about upcoming events! Whether
a recent college graduate, young professional, married couple,
new parent, or single, there is something for everyone!
The SoShul Network committee has created a working
list of group members and is continuously adding names and
contact information. Please email soshulnetwork2030@gmail
.com.
Community Members 2015-2016
Peter Hammer
Donnie Daniels
Rabbi Howard Tilman Aliza Morris
Sarah Daniels
Daniel Shorstein
Hazzan Jesse Holzer
31
===== PAGE 34 =====
Ira E. Goldfield, clu ciifc
Insurance Advisor
Providing Service In:
• Medicare Supplement (AARP)
• Life Insurance Planning
♦ Disability Insurance Planning
• Annuities
• Compensation Planning
• Estate Planning
• Long Term Care Planning
Employee Benefit Planning:
• Group Life & Health Insurance
• 401 (k) and Retirement Plans
2803 Scott Mill Estates Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32257
(904) 655-7747
32
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 35 =====
1
— Committees & Organizations -
r
SOCIAL ACTION
The Social Action Committee at the Jacksonville Jewish Center has had another busy and successful year. Our
carts in the lobby stay filled with food for JFCS’s food pantry through the generosity of many of our members. Under
the leadership of Mimi and Marty Kaufman, our annual High Holiday Food Drive brought in 3,000 pounds of food.
We have continued to prepare meals on the third Sunday of every other month at our local homeless shelter, the
I. M. Sulzbacher Center. We have been able to do so through an anonymous donor and the help of many volunteers
who prepare, cook and serve the meals.
Our monthly drive for the Teachers Supply Depot continues to be supported with donations of all sorts of
recyclable items that our local teachers need and use to do amazing things.
This year was the 4th Christmas Mitzvah Day that we have done as a Jewish community. This project is chaired
by members of the Center and Congregation Ahavath Chesed. This year, we not only prepared, cooked and delivered
more than 500 meals for Meals On Wheels, but we again delivered donated cookies to all First Responders in the
area. Aproximately 1,500 cookies were distributed. Groups of volunteers prepared and served Christmas dinner to
those staying at both Ronald McDonald House and Gabriel House. These combined projects served another 100 plus
visitors to our community who were here due to illnesses. Our plans are to expand the volunteer services again this
year and broaden our Jewish community’s involvement into the greater Jacksonville community.
Our local Ronald McDonald House has just completed an addition and renovation to their facility. Twenty four
new bedrooms were added and the current 30 rooms were renovated. New covered parking, a rooftop garden, new
volunteer kitchen and many other new spaces have been added. All other existing spaces were renovated. Each
room has two double beds and a pullout couch that could allow a family of 6 to stay in each space. Our pillow
drive has so far provided more that 100 new bed pillows for some of the rooms and a new Keurig coffee maker
for one of the common spaces. We will continue our pillow drive in order to provide more of the rooms with new
and comfortable pillows to ensure a good night’s sleep. Special tours of the newly renovated building were made
I available to members of the Center.
Our collection of aluminum can pop tops has helped to bring in more than $5,000 annually to help the “House”.
Containers are in the Center office and we encourage all to collect at home and work and either bring their pop tops
to us or directly to RMH.
I Our “undies” drive helps Dignity U Wear to provide new underwear for those in need. Their focus is on our
homeless and veterans population most especially. Thanks to the donations of many, we have been able to once again
provide many children and adults with new underwear.
New this year was a collection of bride’s maids and prom dresses that were donated to JFCS for girls in foster
care so they could attend their school’s prom.
Other projects that we encourage you to support are the World Relief Organization and the Hubbard House
Resale shop with all of your household goods and clothing that are in good condition.
CHAIR STAFF LIAISON
Rhoda Goldstein Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
33
===== PAGE 36 =====
State-Of-The-Art
Technology
<2?
Compassionate
Care
SURGERY, INTERNAL MEDICINE
AND REHABILITATION
3001 Hartley Rd • Jacksonville, FL
Hours: M-F: 8-5 • Sat-Sun: Closed
Call for your consultation today!
34
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 37 =====
SOCIAL JUSTICE
Our Social Justice Committee, known as Rodef Tzedek (pursuer of justice), had a banner year working with our
interfaith affiliate ICARE (Interfaith Coalition for Action, Reconciliation and Empowerment), to promote positive
change for our community. As the only synagogue among its 40 members, the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s team,
led by Kim Glasgal, attended community problem meetings as well as the great Nehemiah Assembly. Our members
fought for the rights of everyone in Jacksonville, dealing with issues of crime, support for our mental health services,
among others. Among ICARE’s achievements in the past year include:
• Our Superintendent expanding restorative justice to 144 schools. That is up from 97 last year. Over
8,000 students have benefited from the program. School suspensions have gone down and so have
violent crimes on campus.
• Our Mayor supported a wealth building model that will start employee owned businesses in Northwest
Jacksonville.
• Our Sheriff agreed to expand civil citations for nonviolent youth and do a public service announcement.
Since his commitment, civil citations have doubled. To date, 200 youth have gone through restorative
justice instead of being arrested. The public service announcement should come out this month.
• The Sheriff also committed to increase funding for the Jacksonville Reentry Center to $900,000 a year
to seek state grants that could increase the budget to $2.5 million by the 2020.
If you’d like to get more involved in social justice work for Jacksonville and the greater community,
please contact us!
STAFF LIAISON
Hazzan Holzer
CHAIR
Kim Glasgal
35
===== PAGE 38 =====
Southern Monument Company, Incorporated
Dependable Service Since 1909
Fine Materials and Reasonable Prices
Assure Your Satisfaction
Special Attention Given to Hebrew Inscriptions
Monuments
Markers
Cleaning and Engraving
Signs
RAY MOORE
President
DWAYNE MOORE
Vice President
Florida *v Oldest Monument Company
4500 Main Street (at 35th Street)
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Tel. 356 4714 Fax: 359 0759
southernmonument@bellsouth.net
36
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 39 =====
1
P- Communities & Organizations -4
CENTER CEMETERIES
The Center manages three cemetery locations, in and adjacent to Evergreen
Cemetery in North Jacksonville. Each are open until 5pm every day except
Shabbat and Jewish Holidays.
To reach the New Cemetery, also known as Jacksonville Jewish Center
Memorial Park, travel north on Main Street to 43rd Street. Make a right
on 43rd Street. The entrance is at the next right, which is Liberty Street. The
“Old Cemetery” and the Beth Shalom cemetery section are both located within
Evergreen Cemetery. To reach the Old Cemetery, travel north on Main Street to
Winona Street. Make a right on Winona Street and follow the road until you reach
Gate 5. The Old Cemetery is on the left. To reach the Beth Shalom section, enter
through Gate 5 and take the red brick road to the right. Follow and bear to the left
onto Cummer Drive and continue until the road ends (.4 miles). The Beth Shalom
cemetery will be on your right.
We are in the process of closing out Section 12 in preparation for the opening
of Section 13 some time in the near future. All prices on plots are being held
through December 31,2016, when there will be the first price increase in over
15 years. You may also learn more about purchasing individual and family
plots through the Center’s website and by contacting the office. Additionally,
contributions can be made to the Cemetery Fund in honor or in memory of
loved ones. All donations will be used to enhance and maintain our cemeteries.
Committee 2015-2016
CHAIR
Howard Wolpoff
Keith Kupperman
Mark Levine
Mike Lissner
Morrie Osterer
Harry Peltz
Penny Powell
Sonny Waitz
Elyse Whitman
HEVRA KADDISHA
During the course of a lifetime, no one can avoid an encounter with death; yet,
it is an experience for which no one is prepared. Judaism embraces all of life, of
which death is a natural part, and so ascribes rituals which dignify our departure.
The care of the deceased immediately following death is the solemn
responsibility of the Hevra Kaddisha, the holy society, consisting of dedicated
laypersons from the community. Members are knowledgeable in the traditional
duties, and perform them with the utmost respect for the deceased. The process
begins with the Taharah, purification, a ritual cleansing and preparation of the
body for burial. In addition, a Shomer (guardian) will stay at the side of the
deceased reciting required prayers until the burial.
It is gratifying to have a completely independent Jewish organization, under
the sole leadership of lay people, maintain such a high level of commitment and
dedication to one of the most important traditions in Jewish life.
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish community can take comfort in the
knowledge that the services of the Hevra Kaddisha are offered to all Jews
regardless of financial means or synagogue affiliation. Please feel free to call any
of our officers or rabbis with concerns or questions. “Dedication” is our motto.
Officers 2015-2016
Co-Presidents
Ava Axelrod
Bruce Goldring
Vice President
Deinya Mautz
Treasurer
Bob Bossen
Secretary
Naomie Bossen
Taharah
Committee Chair
Stacey Goldring
37
===== PAGE 40 =====
!'* - Communities & Organizations
38
===== PAGE 41 =====
Communities & Organizations
A BUSY YEAR IN THE ‘HOOD’!
I am honored to
serve as president of
Sisterhood and I am
looking forward to
continue working with
the officers. My board
is a group of dynamic
women who will
be helping enhance
Jewish life with the
| | ' ’ ” j members of Sisterhood
at the Jacksonville
Jewish Center and
community. My main
goal is to motivate
women to learn,
educate, and socialize with each other in a Jewish
setting. Sisterhood is the backbone of the Center and
Marjie Rogozinski
Sisterhood President
philanthropically supports so many diverse programs.
Last year was a banner year for Sisterhood. In fact,
Sisterhood is proud to pledge a two year commitment
to the Galinsky Academy’s special needs program.
Listed below are some of the wonderful mitzvahs that
Sisterhood contributes to our synagogue:
When you buy gifts in the Judaica Shop, send
Rosh Hashanah flowers to a friend, buy hamantashen
at Purim, buy Chanukah gifts at the Holiday Bazaar,
send Leagrams to children for their consecration, or
simply pay your dues, it all goes to worthy causes you
can feel good about.
We have some fun things planned for the upcoming
year. To find out more, follow us on facebook or check
us out at www.jjcsisterhood.com.
Provide scholarships to send Center children
to Camp Ramah
Buy bereavement cards for the Synagogue to
send to members who have lost loved ones
Provide Jewish educational programs for adult
women - book reviews, educational speakers,
hot topic discussions and more
Organize game days, house parties, luncheons,
dinners and other social and fun events
Provide financial assistance to capital projects
for the Synagogue
Provide financial resources for Bernard & Alice
Selevan Religious School
Provide financial assistance to our Youth Groups
Raise money for scholarships for clergy through
Torah Fund
Provide volunteers for Purim festivities, the
Judaica Shop, and High Holidays
Collect for food pantries and other Social
Action projects
Advocate for Conservative Masorti Judaism
in Israel through Women’s League of
Conservative Judaism and Mercaz
AND best of all, help each of us have a
meaningful experience at the Center
Past Presidents
Sybil Ansbacher
Penny Marks
Gayle Bailys
Carol Matoren
Shirley Bielski
Kathy Osterer
Agnes Bloch
Marsha Pollock
Etta Fialkow
Andy Raitt
Ava Fixel
Jeanine Rogozinski
Marilyn Garber
Maxine Romo
Kim Glasgal
Joanne Rosenberg
Phyllis Goldberg
Barbara Safer
Renee Gordon
Bonnie Sandler
Judy Halperin
Shirley Schinasi
Wendy Honigman
Beth Shorstein
Clara Jaffe
Idlene Slaff
Mimi Kaufman
Blanche Slott
Annetta Komblum
Lara Werwa
Eileen Levine
Carole Wolpin
Deanna Lissner
Eunice Zisser
OFFICERS
President
Social Action
Marjie Rogozinski
Rhoda Goldstein
Membership Coordinators
Israeli Affairs
Joanne Rosenberg
Sylvia Lubliner
Falyn Shilts
Parliamentarian
Publicity Coordinators
Naomi Lazar
Margie Holzer
Ivy Kfare
Recording Secretary
Debbie Goldstein
llene Bomser
Torah Fund Coordinators
Social Secretary
Gayle Baileys
Robin Allerding
Robin Morris
Treasurer
Kim Glasgal
II
■■■■■
39
===== PAGE 42 =====
>- Communities & Organizations -4
40
===== PAGE 43 =====
—I
Communities & Organizations H
MEN’S CLUB
Brian Bell
Men’s Club President
"Involving Jewish Men
in Jewish Life”
It is my honor to serve
as the President of the
Men’s Club. My family
has been a member of
the Jacksonville Jewish
community for one
Center Men’s Club is an
organization dedicated
to the enrichment of
Center life and the
Jacksonville Jewish
community. The Men’s
Club provides an opportunity for our Center men to work
together supporting, sponsoring, and participating in
programs that bring meaning to our slogan, “Involving
Jewish Men in Jewish Life”.
Our Men’s Club is an active member of the Federation
of Jewish Men’s Clubs (FJMC), an international
organization dedicated to the ideals, philosophy and
traditions of Conservative Judaism. Our level of activities
and Center participation have earned your Men’s Club the
First Place and Honorable Mention Torch Awards from
FJMC in years past, and our Yad Shel Chai program is
now being implemented in Men’s Clubs across the nation.
We participate in a wide range of FJMC programs and
activities such as distributing Yellow Holocaust Memorial
candles so that every congregant can honor the memory
of the Holocaust on Yom HaShoah and World Wide Wrap
which brings together congregants, clergy and Center
youth on Super Bowl Sunday to participate in the mitzvah
of wrapping tefillin.
The Center Men’s Club works closely with Youth and
Education leaders to support your children and the Center
youth organizations. We are available to lend a helping
hand with local activities and regional USY and Kadima
conventions. We sponsor the Yad Shel Chai (Hand of
Life) and Double Yad Shel Chai awards that recognize
our youth for reading Torah in our synagogue services
and building on the success of the Yad Shel Chai program.
The Men’s Club Martin J. Gottlieb Brit Hinukh award is
given each Spring to one Teacher in the Center schools
who best represents the life commitment necessary to
bring a quality learning experience to Jewish children.
We provide a metal finished Kiddush Cup for Bar and
Bat Mitzvah students and gifts for our 12th graders that
complete the Siyyum program. We sponsor and raise
funds for the Horty T. Gendzier Summer Scholarship
Fund, which provides the opportunity for children to attend
Camp Ramah and other Jewish enrichment programs who
otherwise would not have been able to do so.
The Men’s Club is also a great way to make friends,
have fun, and meet people from our synagogue as well
as our regional Jewish community. Our members
regularly get together on Sunday mornings to play
pick-up softball, touch football games or perform
community service activities. One of our highlights is
the opportunity to prepare meals at the I.M. Sulzbacher
Center for the Homeless. This past year, we co-sponsored
a campout with the Galinsky PTA. In the Fall, our annual
Membership Kickoff Party features fun, food, raffles and
the opportunity to schmooze with friends while we watch
the Jacksonville Jaguars play an away game on a big screen
TV. We are visible friends at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. Throughout the year, Men’s Club members help
with Sukkot and Purim programs. We lead and participate
in Men’s Club Shabbat and the Armed Forces Shabbat. We
are your children’s teachers, your community volunteers
and your spiritual lay leaders.
We invite you to join the Men’s Club if you are at
least 18 years old, male, and a member of the Jacksonville
Jewish Center community. I firmly believe that the Men’s
Club offers something for every man. So come on out and
join us for an activity this year.
I think you’ll enjoy
supporting our Jacksonville
Jewish community and
spending quality time with
other guys just like you!
MEN’S CLUB OFFICERS
President
Secretary
Brian Bell
Bruce Stark
1st Vice President
Peter Hammer
Chairman of the Board
Harry L. Peltz
Board Members
Past Presidents
Moti Demri
Harry L. Peltz
Steve Gross
Neil Gordon
Mike Herring
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Dave Schmerer
Dave Schmerer
Dr. Daniel Wohl
Mike Herring
Neil Gordon
Ken Organes
George Rubens
Randall Smith
Ira Grann
Neil Sandler
PHI
41
===== PAGE 44 =====
0%
CATERING
Serving the Jacksonville Community far over 42 years!
Proud to be the Exclusive Caterer for the Jacksonville Jewish Center
“Simple to Elegant, Affordable for AW9
*Bris / Baby Namings *BarB at Mit- vah * Weddings *Shiva Meals
*Delicious Meals to Go for Shabbat, Holidays or any Special Event
*Corporate Events and Box Lunches * In-Home Special Events
(Full catering, self-pickup or (top off)
*Off premise Kosher catering ahvays available
Call us today to make your special event tuly special!
268-4200, Ext 142 or ISO
margoscatering@aol com www. margoskoshercatering, com
Wishing Everyone A Happy & Healthy New Year Filled with Wonderful Celebrations!
Under the &trict Kashrut Supervision of Rabbi Jonathan Lublmer
Cakes amfMore fy Catrina
*Birthday Anniversary *Bar Bat Mitzvah * Wedding Cakes *Cupcakes *Cookies *Brownies and More
(All Available Par eve or Dairy)
42
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 45 =====
Lifecycle Events
2
BABIES
Ellen Sylvia Hedrick Samuel Harrison Heller
August 29, 2014 May 5, 2015.
Parents: Faye & Dan Hedrick Parents: Hope & Carey Heller
Grandmother: Rozie Hecht Grandmother: Ava Axelrod
Dafna Yael Holzer
October 9, 2015
Parents:
Leora & Hazzan Jesse Holzer
Grandparents:
Margie & Aaron Holzer
Parisa Bea Hemmati Amelia Cate Korzyniowski
October 21,2015 November 12,2015
Parents: Parents:
Ellen Goldstein & Houman Hemmati Betsy & Eric Korzyniowski
Grandparents: Doris & Jeffrey Goldstein
Sabrina Mirabella Zee
November 17, 2015
Parents:
Melissa & Adam Zee
Grandparents:
Debby & Alan Harris
Exceptional
Photography
904.398.766:
fCELLERWLUAMS REALTY
Each Office Independently Owned and Operated
Guiding YOUR path to home!
CARA FERREIRA
REALTOR®
Cell: 904-495-3229
Email: caraferreira@kw.com
Web: caraferreira.kwrealty.com
FB: facebook.com/caraferreirasellsfl
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
43
===== PAGE 46 =====
Jfestyle Portraits.Bat/ Bar Mitzvahs.Weddings. Parties & Events
oiograpny oy bran a
brandihill.com
904.616.2402
booking@brandihill.com
44
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 47 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Mia Bryn Zweigel
November 19, 2015
Parents: Elizabeth & Scott Zweigel,
Grandparents: Lynn Sussman &
the late Charles Sussman
Stella Greenburg
December 23, 2015
Parents:
Michelle & Aron Greenburg
Grandparents:
Chary & Michael Greenburg
Jordan Max Glassman
November 27, 2015
Parents:
Karen & Jeffrey Glassman
Grandparents:
Jan & Bruce Glassman
Coby Schuchman
December 24, 2015
Parents: Faye & Ari Schuchman
Grandparents:
Debra & Leonard Setzer
Leonard “Leo” Sullivan Kelly
December 16, 2015
Parents: Susan & Sean Kelly
Grandparents: Kathy & Jerry Cohn
Mae Isabel Steinfeld
December 29, 2015
Parents: Megan & Jerad Steinfeld
Grandparents:
Michele & David Steinfeld
BOB HAM EYEWEAR
"Thanks for your Patronage"
9670 San Jose Blvd.
268-5949
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
45
===== PAGE 48 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Asher Eli Curl
January 8,2016
Parents:
Jessica Ligator & Tyler Curl
Oliver Ripken Schoettler
January 14, 2016
Parents:
Samantha Saucier & Kyle Schoettler
Grandmother: Lori Schoettler
Alexi Brooks &
Ezekiel Stuart Rogozinski
January 29, 2016
Parents: Jodi & Josh Rogozinski
Grandparents: Marjie & Abe Rogozinski
Great Grandparents:
Ella Rogozinski and the late Jakob Rogozinski
Grant Pierce Fleet
February 4, 2016
Parents: Mimi & Eli Fleet
Grandparents:
Janis & Bob Fleet
Benjamin Tzvi Binder
March 17,2016
Parents: Sara & Brian Binder
Grandparents:
Deena & Jim Richman
Skylee Grace Spriggs
March 21,2016
Parents:
Lindsey Fhxson & Jonathan Spriggs
Grandparents: Sheree & Tom Spriggs
(ou Wont To
Celebróle
Today?
ips@s!M!fe * QfttfKfeQwaeB * IteterlirySli
Wmmmfo-jtlRf • iM&ggslism *
Space Walk
^^^
ttftadftmeftoimi , , °f ...
Jacksonville
LEE AND CATES GLASS, INC.
hot Do
** - gm
904-646-536#
www^pae©walk©1ja©ks©ifw¡lte.e©m
mmmmmmwM7rn§ rr
SINCE
1926
For all your
glass needs
• Automobile
• Residential
• Commercial
www.leeandcatesglass.com
Serving Northeast Florida
& Southeast Georgia
Locations to Better Serve You.
354-4643
46
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 49 =====
Lifecycle Events
BABIES
Brody Davis Shenkman Sydney Brooke Shilts
March 30, 2016 April 12,2016
Parents: Patty & Drew Shenkman Parents: Falyn & Josh Shilts
Grandparents: June & Robert Shenkman
Great Grandparents:
Marvin Sherman & the late Bea Sherman
Rebecca Barbara Simkin
May 1,2016
Parents: Emily & Daniel Simkin
Great Grandmother: Sonya Morris
Ellington Jakob Hyman
May 10,2016
Parents: Rachel & Blair Hyman
Grandparents:
Jeanine & Chaim Rogozinski
Great Grandparents:
Ella Rogozinski and the late Jakob Rogozinski
Emilia Rosemary Kenneth
May 24,2016
Parents: Rachel & William Kenneth
Grandparents:
Peggy & Ken Organes
Ramona Pipia Rand
May 25,2016
Parents:
Concetta & Jonathan Rand
Grandparents:
Robin & Marco Rand
Wells gj drew
COMPANIES
ENGRAVERS ^ PRINTERS
Since 1S55
Randy Houser, President
P.O. Box 10554 • Jacksonville, FL 32247
Street Address: 3414 Galilee Road (32207)
904-399-1510 • Fax 904-399-1884
Toll Free 800-342-8636
randyh@wellsdrew.com
Certified Mohel -’saia
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak
Serving North, Central and West Florida
Sanctioned by the Greater Orlando Board of Rabbis
118 Willow Bend Lane
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
www.floridamohel.com
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
47
===== PAGE 50 =====
BEACHES BRASS POLISHING
SAME DAY SERVICE
(904) 646-3925
BRASSMAN1@BELLS0UTH.NET
RAYMOND ZRIHEN, OWNER
REPAIR & POLISHING
FABRICATION
BRASS, SILVER, COPPER,
ALUMINUM, STAINLESS STEEL
1718 St. Johns Bluff Rd.S. • Jacksonville, FL 32246
Sisterhood
Largest selection of Judaica in Northeast Florida
Located next to the JJC Lobby *
Gift registries for Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Babies, and Brides.
Shop for Hostess Gifts and Family Heirlooms
Proud retailer for:
Gary Rosenthal, Michael Aram, Nambe, Quest,
Anat Mayer, Beames Designs, Melanie Dankowicz,
Tamara Baskin, and more...
Shop our shop-save tax and/or shipping and support the efforts of Sisterhood at the Center.
48
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 51 =====
BABIES
Dylan Simone Grosberg
June 6, 2016
Parents: Chloe & Daniel Grosberg
Grandparents:
Lauren & Howard Hochrad
Great Grandparents:
Anna & Lazar Kay
Ethan Matan Fingerer
June 16, 2016
Parents: Heather & David Fingerer
Grandparents:
Debby & Alan Harris
Ellis Robert Rogozinski
June 17, 2016
Parents:
Ben & Kaleigh Rogoziñski
Grandparents: Marjie & Abe Rogozinski
Great Grandparents:
Ella Rogzinski & the late Jakob Rogozinski
Henry Ryan Horovitz
July 10,2016
Parents: Heather & Sam Horovitz
Grandparents:
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Great Grandparents:
Roz & Elliot Horovitz
Great Grandparents:
Estelle & Sheldon Gendzier
and the late Horty T. Gendzier
Jade Alexis Shmunes
July 11,2016
Parents: Kim & Adam Shmunes
Grandparents:
Harry Shmunes & the late Joni Shmunes
Eliana Yael Horovitz
August 23, 2016
Parents: Mindy & Max Horovitz
Grandparents:
Edith & Bruce Horovitz
Great Grandparents:
Roz & Elliott Horovitz,
Estelle & Sheldon Gendzier
and the late Horty T. Gendzier
49
===== PAGE 52 =====
□ I /\J W'entertaini
I T *%#%■ | wi/\
ENTERTAINMENT “ft
SOLUTIONS
NORTHEAST FLORIDA’S
MITZVAH
ENTERTAINMENT SPECIALIST
-MC Ross Ruben, DJ’s, event dancers, bands, musicians
-16 Years of experience in New York, Boston, and Florida
-The only company in Jacksonville to do a Northeastern style party
-High energy interaction from start to finish
-Weddings, birthdays, fundraisers, sweet 16’s, and everything else
OFTEN IMITATED.
NEVER DUPLICATED.
JEWISH OWNED
AND OPERATED.
Mention this ad and
receive a free upgrade of
lasers to your lighting
package!
Owner: Ross Ruben 1997
PROFESSIONALISM + EXPERIENCE + DEDICATION
= THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!
www.LiveEntertainmentSolutions.com
Ph: 904-233-9078
50
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 53 =====
► Lifecycle Events 4
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Sydni Rudowitz
January 15-16, 2015
Parents: Michael & Marcy Rudowitz
Grandparents:
Ellen & George Rubens
Laura Rogovin
January 29-30, 2015
Parents: Ingrid & Yoav Rogovin
Jacob Lansaw
October 16-17,2015
Parents: llene & Eric Lansaw
Grandmother: Bernyce Tobias
Ethan Plotkin
October 23-24, 2015
Parents: Jennifer & Rick Plotkin
Grandparents:
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
Lilah Juliet Presser Weiss
October 24, 2015
Parents:
Marilyn Presser & Jay Weiss
Grandmother: Anne Presser
Sydney Herbst
November 6-7, 2015
Parents:
Sharon & Brad Herbst
51
===== PAGE 54 =====
■P IK
r¡r¡®2ií®3R¡i¡B§»
bring your friends
to mix and chill!
mm
mixing
is all the
rage!
BMenchies Riverplace Shopping Center
H m San Jose Blvd., Suite 71, Jacksonville, FL 32223
menchies.com
Jjng cMaiLi
904-503-1056
904-352-8600
lingnails@yahoo.com
Mon-Sat: 9:30-7:30
Sunday: 11:00-6:00
Special Services Dnclvicfe:
' Regular Pedicure
1 Special Pedicure
1 Gel Manicure
1 Acrylic Nails
Powder Gel
SNS
Liquid Gel
Waxing
Eyelash Extension
Eyebrows Permanent
Eyeliner Permanent
Lips Permanent
10400 San Jose Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32257
52
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 55 =====
T rprrvrr v Fwatts
-Li A X* Jlj Vy JL L^iAiAíé Hi w Ay X\ A i3
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
9
Sydney and Jagger Leach
November 13-14, 2015
Parents: Stacy & Jeff Leach
Jonah Widens
November 27-28, 2015
Parents: Sara & Michael Willens
Samantha Zimmerman
December 4-5, 2015
Parents:
Robin Zimmerman & Bradley Zimmerman
Grandparents: Lanny Zimmerman
and Barbara & Larry Jaffe
Benjamin Chafetz
December 18-19, 2015
Parents: Shireen & Martin Chafetz
Julia Grosse
December 23, 2015
Israel
Parents: Lisa Ross & Marc Grosse
Ayden Israel
December 25-26, 2015
Parents: Kim & Jon Israel
Grandmother: Leslie Held
53
===== PAGE 56 =====
904-739-2989
www.pestko.com
GYMNASTICS & TUMBLING CLASSES FOR KIDS!
TUMBLING CLASSES FOR CHEER
PRE-SCHOOL CLASSES | MOMMY & ME
BIRTHDAY PARTIES AVAILABLE
VISIT WWW.TUMBLINGKIDS.COM FOR SCHEDULE & FORMS
CONVENIENTLY LOCATED NEXT TO MARK SPIVAK’S DANCE
EXTENSION IN FRUIT COVE & JULINGTON CREEK AREA
106 JULINGTON PLAZA DR (904)230.6291
778 N STATE RD.13 (904)230.0408
904.230.6291 | 904.230.7778
We treat for termites, bedbugs,
roaches, ants, and rodents
3491 Pall Mall Drive
Suite 203
Jacksonville, Florida
Mark Spivak’s
Institute & Dance Extension
Ballet-Pointe-Character-Jazz-Modern - Hip-Hop
Tap - Pre-School Dance Programs - Fairy Tales in Motion
Lyrical, Contemporary, Leaps & Turns Dynamics, Strengths & Stretch Classes
Age 2 yr old - Adults * Performing Group and Competitive Team
Birthday Parties Available
OFFERING OUTSTANDING DANCE INSTRUCTION
FOR ALL AGES FOR OVER 3 DECADES
Fruit Cove
287-4619
Julington Creek
230-7778
Mandarin
268-3583
Morning - Afternoon - Night Classes
Beginner through Advance
Fall Schedule in Session - Register Today
Visit our website for Schedule & Forms | WWW.MARKSPIVAK.COM
774 NSR 13
Located half mile south from
Julington Creek Bridge
106 Julington Plaza
Comer Racetrack rd &
Flora Branch
3740 San Jose Place
One Block North of
Crown Point
54
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 57 =====
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Ariella Tesler
January 8-9,2016
Parents: Victoria & Leonid Tesler
Ruby Blake & Peri Rose Silverman
January 29- 30 2016, Denver, CO
Parents: Risa & Ari Silverman
Grandparents:
Judy & Stephen Silverman
Zachary Rosin-Borrousch
February 19-20, 2016
Parents:
Marla & Pennie Rosin-Borrousch
Eryn Saye
March 4-5,2016
Parents: Shari & Mark Saye
Grandparents:
Randee & Marty Steinberg
Emily Teitelbaum
March 11-12,2016
Parents:
Stephanie & Howard Teitelbaum
Noah and Orli Gutterman
March 25-26,2016
Parents: Shana & Scott Gutterman
55
===== PAGE 58 =====
9 CASH FOR
KIDS' STUFF
Kid to Kid pays cash or 20% more in store credit for outgrown
kids' stuff, and sells top brands for up to 70% off retail!
10601 SAN JOSE BLVD i* MANDARIN LANDING
WHOLEFOODS Shopping Center • (904) U58.7H61
prom.formal.evening.party
dresses for very special occasions
3520-4 Blanding BlvdL
56
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 59 =====
Lifecycle Events
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
I
Joshua Miller
April 1-2,2016
Parents: Kimberly & Marc Miller
Ethan Bernard Selevan
April 9, 2016, Hong Kong
Parents: Jenny & Marc Selevan
Grandparents:
Susan & Jack Selevan
and Merle & Ronald Cherry
Evan Levy
April 15-16,2016
Parents:
Kim Glasgal & Peter Levy
Zach Mizrahi
April 27-28,2016
Parents: Mauri & Alan Mizrahi
Grandparents: Bunny & Ed Witten
and Judy & Eddie Mizrahi
Great Grandparents: Roz & Elliott Horovitz
Rebecca Katz
May 6-7,2016
Parents: Jennifer & Hary Katz
Arin Nathans
May 13-14,2016
Parents: Alyse & Alan Nathans
57
===== PAGE 60 =====
BC
Philip H. Bloom
BLOSAM CONSTRUCTORS INC.
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
CERTIFIED AGING IN PLACE SPECIALIST
11572 Mandarin Forest Drive
Jacksonville, Florida 32223
(904) 880-4667 • CELL (904) 993-4445
CGC036197
Residential • Commerical • Automotive • Lock-outs
Filler’s Lock & Safe
Dick Sigler
We Recommend
medeco
HIGH SECURITY LOCKS
(904) 398-1646
Fax 904-398-4981
3861 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32207
Ü$99
New Queen Mattress Sets
Still 3n 31k Cugitial Sealed 3lmtic
(904) 924-5944
Best Wishes For A Healthy New Year
Hartman, Blitch
& Gartside
Certified Public Accountants
396-9802
4929 Atlantic Blvd.
CATERING BY
LIZ GRENAMYER
3 1 3 King Street
JACKSONVILLE, FL 322D4
904.387. 1 955
FAX 904.387.2 1 D3
CateringByLiz.com
BERMAN
BROS., INC.
SCRAP METAL RECYCLING
NEW STRUCTURAL STEEL
CUSTOM METAL FABRICATION
2500 Evergreen Ave. • Jacksonville, FL 32206
904.353.3694
www. bermanbros. com
Free Water Testing
é
License # W-32
Affordable watf.R
CONDITIONING* SOFTENING-PURIFICATION
Mark A. Kinder
(904) 262-0197
CERTIFIED
WATER
SPECIALIST
Water
W Quality
3760 Kori Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Bonded & Insured
CWS-V1, C1
State License # 0008186
AffordableWaterJax.com
58
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 61 =====
BAR AND BAT MITZVAHS
Jeremy Zaifert
June 4-5,2016
Parents: Talie & Dana Zaifert
Grandparents:
Shirley & Abe Bielski
Zoe Mail
August 26-27, 2016
Parents: Andrea & Steven Mail
Jacob Selevan
September 16-17
Parents: Andrew & Rebekah Selevan
Grandparents: Susan & Jack Selevan,
Merle & Ronald Cherry,
and Linda & Nathan Franzblau
Ethan Levine
August 1,2016
Jerusalem, Israel
Parents: Christina & Mark Levine
Aidan Eli Silverman
June 17-18, 2016, Baltimore, MD
Parents:
Jessica & Dr. David Silverman
Grandparents:
Judy & Stephen Silverman
Parker Balotin
September 2-3, 2016
Parents: Ellen & Scott Balotin
Julia DeBardeleben
November 4-5, 2016
Parents: Jennie & Jon DeBardeleben
Grandparents: Paula & Kenny Horn
Leah Zimmerman
September 9-10
Parents: Sandy Zimmerman & Lynn Zimmerman Geric
Grandparents:
Barbara & Larry Jaffe and Lanny Zimmerman
Maiah Helena Jaffa
November 11-12, 2016
Parents: Karianne & Daniel Jaffa
59
===== PAGE 62 =====
HiBEACHVIEW
event rentals & design
877.782.7368
beachview.net
f <P *
tents taSOeS c&eiitS ObienS taSOewa/ie Sj?ecia£t^ ^a/wttu/ie
dl^Atuu^ cflzcoA, c£imate exmtSw£ efeSU^i SeAVlceS & nvatef
BRIDESMAID DRESS
HEADQUARTERS
Areas Largest Selection of
Designer Bridesmaid Dresses
#t¿ «Destination Bridal
d* Mother of the Bride Collection
* "“tower Girl Dresses
* Tux Rentals
Social Occasion Dresses
125% Best Price
Guarantee
4*
60
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 63 =====
Alexandra Brantman and Jordan Allerding
November 14,2015
Married in Jacksonville, FL
Parents: Robin and Scott Allerding
Naomi Karp and Rabbi Howard Tilman
December 13,2015
Jessica Hannah Rogozinski
and Brett Matthew Wishna
January 16,2016
Parents: Randi and Sam Rogozinski
Grandparents:
Ella Rogozinski and the late Jakob Rogozinski
Rosi Beth Iskowitz and Steven Matthew Lewis
January 17,2016
Married in Delray Beach, FL
Parents: Marla and Gary Lewis
61
===== PAGE 64 =====
RESTAURANT & SPIRITS
BES® tañe
leflavors
Rebánese
¡Mitchen
l^exus GS « Hummer
Infiniri FX45 - QX56
Excursion - Magnum
Land Yacht — 300
07 Escalade with Spa
wgSsn
Swsfe got ft Gofn' on
SMsiesLimoxom
¿CANCER
? SPECIALISTS
- of NORTH FLORIDA
Jeffery Bubis, DO
Jeffery DiMascio, DO
Safeer Ashraf, ND
14546 Old St. Augustine Rd.f Bldg, l, Suite 317
Jacksonville, FL 32258
Phone: 904.200.9445
Fax: 904.2ÓO.OOO5
Specializing m Cancer and Blood Disorders
Great Patio and I ::: LIVE
Outside Hookah Bar I Entertainment
Lebanese Mediterranean Restaurant
3928 BAYMEADOWS RD. ♦
(LOCATED ® BAYMEADOWS & SAM JOSE) <
evening.formal.wedding guest
dresses for very special occasions
31
CancerSpecialistsNF.com
62
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 65 =====
WEDDINGS
Marissa Hochrad and Kevin Kaeser
March 6,2016
Married in St. Augustine , FL
Parents: Lauren and Howard Hochrad
Haley Blount and Jason Trager
April 2,2016
Fernandina Beach, FL
Parents: Denise and Alan Trager
Grandmother: Naomie Trager Bossen
Staci Schwartz and Alex Whitman
May 14,2016
Married in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Parents: Elyse and Josh Whitman
Paul Sandler and Zachary Habermas
May 26,2016
Married in Jacksonville, FL
Parents: Bonnie and Neil Sandler
63
===== PAGE 66 =====
BEAUTY CARE
FULL SALON & SPA
f ':kt
WATCH OUR
"SUSHILA'S BEAUTY CARE"
"THE ART OF EYEBROW
THREADING" & "YOANNA
HOUSE" VIDEOS ON YOUTUE
Indulge in Exotic Beauty Treatments
Now Offering: Eyebrow Threading • Waxing
Brazilian Waxing • Skin Care Treatment Facials
Microdermabrasion • Skin Smoothing Facial • Bioactive Skin Peel
Pedicure • Manicure • Bridal Beauty Services
Henna Tattoos • and Hair Treatments
JI
San Jose Blvd.
Old Kings Rd
Philips Hwy
5111-18 BAYMEADOWS RD.
Near Old Kings Rd. S, Next to Raja Indian Grocery
904.731.7010
www.sushilabeautycare.com
Hours: Tues-Sun 11am-8pm
mmmm Free Wi-Fi
ILH i i
Products
when you spend $10 or more
a ^we txMcikmm»* ^
dermalogica %
Sushila’s Beauty Care
5111-18 Baymeadows Rd. • (904) 731-7010
With this coupon. Not valid with other offers or prior purchases.
Valid towards purchase of products only. Expires 05-04-15
64
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 67 =====
Lifecycle Events
WEDDINGS
Lisa Schneider and Dan Karp
June 4,2016
Married in New York City, NY
Parents: Barbara and Michael Schneider
Nicole Papadakis and Ben Whitman
June 4,2016
Married in Coral Gables, FL
Parents: Elyse and Josh Whitman
Louis Richman and Ila Sehgal
June 13,2016
Married in Tampa, FL
Parents: Deena and Jim Richman
Erika Goodfarb and Greg Kurosko
July 3,2016
Married in Ponte Vedra Beach, FL
Parents: Annette and Jerry Goodfarb
Grandfather: Edward Bernard
65
===== PAGE 68 =====
Make your party extra memorable with
EZ Photo Booth! Step right into the photo
space and let us see your goofy face!
-Mitzvah Celebrations-
-Weddings-
- Birthday Party-
-Graduation Party -
- Sweet 16-
- Corporate Events-
-High School Dances-
-Proms-
.an or get a
mm ^ -i ■
www.ezph
66
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 69 =====
Lindsey Marmorstein and Jeremy Bailys
July 3,2016
Parents: Gayle and David Bailys
Courtney Ann Simmons and Yanir Michael Demri
July 10,2016
Married in Philadelphia, PA
Parents: Cindy and Moti Demri
Debra Mizrahi and Benny Smith
September 4,2016
Married in Los Angeles, CA
Parents: Nancy and Jack Mizrahi
Atlantic Florist
Jacksonville's Premier Floral Experts
Events, Floral Deliveiy and Weddings
Stop by and see our
New & Exciting Floral Studio
Located in the Adler Design Building
2434 Atlantic Boulevard, 32207 • 904.398.5400
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
67
===== PAGE 70 =====
TAKING CARE OF EACH OTHER
is what community is all about.
FOR GENERATIONS, Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes have served the friends and
families of our Jewish community with personal, compassionate care. You can
rely on your Dignity Memorial® professionals to help you and your loved ones
create a faithful, meaningful memorial service that’s both a fitting reflection and a
memorable tribute. Thank you for allowing us to earn, and keep, your trust.
Proudly supporting the Jacksonville Jewish Center.
Dignity0
Omemorial/
<=3 life well celebrated* £p
HARDAGE-GIDDENS HARDAGE-GIDDENS HARDAGE-GIDDENS
OAKLAWN CHAPEL GREENLAWN FUNERAL HOME & CEMETERY FUNERAL HOME MANDARIN CHAPEL
JACKSONVILLE JACKSONVILLE JACKSONVILLE
904-737-7171 904-396-2522 904-288-0025
> DignityJacksonville.com <
68
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 71 =====
DEARLY DEPARTED
Irving “Sonny” Hacker
August 21, 2015
Dr. Samuel Rosenthal
December 10, 2015
Nathan Weiss
March 16,2016
Blanche Slott
July 10,2016
Bennie Margol
September 5, 2015
Robert “Bob” Drashin
December 11, 2015
Barry Sinoff
March 22, 2016
Lois Markowitz
July 12, 2016
Don Kriss
September 19, 2015
Joan “Joni” Shmunes
December 19, 2015
Vladimir Zhukov
April 5, 2016
Beatrice Sherman
July 18,2016
Florance Berman
September 24, 2015
Reyo Margolin
January 1, 2016
Seymour Cohn
April 18,2016
Marsha Berdit
August 1, 2016
Edna Maltz
September 28, 2015
Jack Price
January 5, 2016
Dr. Milton Mann
April 25,2016
Irwin Gendzier
August 17, 2016
Marty Kulchin
October 7, 2015
Judy Dushoff
January 8, 2016
Jordan Ansbacher
April 28, 2016
Edward Baker
August 18, 2016
Harry Verstandig
October 24, 2015
Elsbeth “Ellie” Hodz
February 6, 2016
Walter Beissinger
May 24, 2016
Lilo Frisch
August 19, 2016
Lillian Meizlik
November 27, 2015
Dolph Ageloff
February 20, 2016
Stanley Stone
May 27, 2016
*As of August 21, 2016
Benjamin Zimmerman
December 3, 2015
Alan Taffet
March 11,2016
Phyllis Tomberg
June 18,2016
Contact the Center office or view the Center's website
to learn more about purchasing family or individual plots at
the cemeteries of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
904-292-1000 • www.jjcjax.com
Northside ^ Mr ^ anh 8>ott Southside
4747 Main Street 4140 University Blvd. South
Jacksonville, FL 32206 Funeral Homes Jacksonville, FL 32216
Phone 355-9545 George H. Hewell II Phone 737-4855
Locally, Family Owned & Operated Since 1934
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
69
===== PAGE 72 =====
1914-2016
Blanche Slott was a remarkable
woman. A modern ayshet chayil, she
was a strong, capable and decisive
leader, wise and understanding
advisor, highly talented and prolific
artist, loving friend, mother and
grandmother, great grandmother,
wonderful homemaker, great cook
and bowler.
In the late 1930’s, after leaving
Jacksonville for a few years,
Blanche and her family returned to
Jacksonville. Blanche took a job
at Worman’s bakery and then with
Lovitz’s grocery store. Her brother-
in-law, Abe Levin, introduced her
to a nice young man with whom he
worked, Louis Slott. They began
dating and married in 1940.
Soon Blanche and Louie began
a family. First there was Rene, then
Marvin and finally Chuck. Before
her children were born, Blanche had
volunteered in the Jacksonville Jewish
Center office where her sister Miriam
worked. But as the children grew, so
did Blanche’s involvement.
Blanche instituted a Brownie
Troop at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center on Third and Silver Streets.
When congregants began to move
to Riverside and Southside, she
organized troops in those areas, too.
When Rene moved up to Girl Scouts,
so did Blanche. Not only did she
form a troop at the Center, Blanche
joined the board of the Gateway Girl
Scout Council. Then Blanche went
on to work with the Center’s Cub
Scouts and Boy Scouts groups. Her
commitment to scouting would last
more than 15 years.
By the 1960’s, synagogue youth
groups began- Tweenagers, Major’s
Preteens and Center Youth League -
forerunners of our Chalutzim, Kadima
and USY. At the request of Rabbi
Sanders Tofield, Blanche accepted
the position of Youth Vice President
and became the first woman to sit
on the Center’s Board of Directors.
She oversaw the workings of all the
youth activities including clubs, scout
troops and the day camp program.
Youth and recreation became so
large that the Center hired a full¬
time director, Robert Fisher. Blanche
became his mentor and friend - and
the Jacksonville Jewish Center’s Day
Camp director after Bob moved from
Jacksonville.
For the next 12 years, Blanche
was the director of the only Jewish,
summer day camp program in
Jacksonville, Camp Yom Tov. Under
her tutelage, many counselors and
C.I.T.’s developed the skills that helped
them become some of our synagogue
leaders. She set high standards in all
aspects of care, programming and
management for subsequent directors
to follow.
In 1978, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center temporarily appointed Blanche
Slott to be the Administrative Director.
She remained in that position for over
ten years. During her tenure she also
became a minyan captain.
Known for her cooking Blanche
then became the Jacksonville Jewish
Center’s in-house caterer. It was
a natural extension of her deep
involvement with everyone’s simha.
She had previously enjoyed working
with Center cook Annie Mae Fort as a
volunteer. In her new position, Blanche
applied her well-honed administrative
skills, culinary ability and artistic eye
to help Annie Mae create delicious,
budget-wise meals for the congregation
making a profit for the synagogue.
In 1983, Blanche was honored by
the congregation as the “Woman of
Valor” during Simhat Torah. She was
also honored by Sisterhood at their
annual Torah Fund event. At this event
she was recognized for bringing Torah
Fund to Jacksonville after attending
the Women’s League Convention
while Sisterhood president.
Blanche retired in 1988 - but in
Blanche-style. She became an even
more active volunteer. She worked at
the Museum of Science and History
for ten years. A past Sisterhood
President, Blanche became the
===== PAGE 73 =====
Historian, a position she held for
many years. As co-chair of the
Cemetery Committee, for many
years, Blanche made new maps
of the sections that were opened
up. She also sat on the Archives
Committee, Library Committee,
and the Jewish Women’s bowling
team. Blanche remained actively
involved with developing the
Jacksonville Jewish Center
archives for many, many years.
Her dedication to maintaining and
documenting the Center’s history
can be seen by anyone who visits
the Sylvia Shorstein Archives
room in the building.
Blanche’s commitment to Jewish
study was also an important part
(¿pfUi/VWy/ cVT//
« , iovaf member » valued \%Iur«eer »‘esteemed piyíessiónál • ¡noted artist
I
of her life. In 1994, at 80 years old,
Blanche became a Bat Mitzvah
with the Center’s Adult B’nai
Mitzvah class.
Yet, with all of her considerable
accomplishments, the one that
she would say that gave her the
most personal pleasure and public
admiration were the production
of her works of art in a variety of
media. Over the years Blanche was
invited to exhibit her compositions
in various galleries around
Jacksonville, including the JCA
and the Center’s Yergin Gallery.
Many of her paintings hang in the
homes of art collectors, friends
and family.
Over the years, Blanche shared
her talents and skills with her
Center family. Blanche taught
watercolor painting to children
and a men’s group, as well as art
classes for children at Sunday
Funday and the Day School
“kaleidoscope” programs. Two
of our Sefer Torah’s mantles are
designed by Blanche Slott.
As early as 1939, and as
recently as 2004, Blanche’s
artwork has graced the covers of
the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Yearbook.
For over 75 years, Blanche Slott
devoted herself to our congregation
as a loyal member, valued volunteer,
respected professional, mentor and
friend. There are not enough words
to thank Blanche for all she did to
help grow the Jacksonville Jewish
Center into the synagogue we are
today. Her legacy will continue
for generations to come. May her
memory be for a blessing.
lancheSlott
Jacksonville Jewish Center Yearbook
2006-2007 5767
71
===== PAGE 74 =====
CHUMAN ELECTRIC, INC.
Service Upgi
Construction ~ Remodelin|
ign / Bi
State Licensed & Int
ER # 13012447
3660 St. Augustine Rd. ~ Jacksonville, Fl. ~ (904) 737=40
Up To 60% OFF Department Store Prices, Every Day
Always
ón
Ci fll-i-
J lai/n_V I LoaL
steinmart.com
From home or on the go,
shop steinmart.com
24/7 365 days a year
Roosevelt I Mandarín I Baymeadows
Beaches I Lakewood I Harbour Village
1-888-Stein Mart • steinmart.com
72
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 75 =====
JEWISH HOLIDAYS, 2016 -17
Erev Rosh Hashanah
October 2, 2016
Purim
March 12,2017
Rosh Hashanah
October 3-4, 2016
First Seder
April 10,2017
Kol Nidre
October 11, 2016
Pesach
April 11-18, 2017
Yom Kippur
October 12, 2016
Yom HaShoah
April 24,2017
Erev Sukkot
October 16, 2016
Yom HaZikaron
May 1,2017
Sukkot
October 17-23,2016
Yom HaAtzma’ut
May 2, 2017
Shmini Atzeret
October 24,2016
Lag B’Omer
May 14, 2017
Simchat Torah
October 25, 2016
Yom Yerushalayim
May 24, 2017
1st night of Chanukah
Simhat Hanukah
Chanukah
December 24,2015
Erev Shavuot
May 30, 2017
Dec 25-Jan 1,2017
Shavuot
May 31-Jun 1,2017
Tu B’Shvat
Feb 11,2017
Tisha B’Av
August 1,2017
Erev Purim
March 13,2017
Tu B’Av
August 7,2017
73
===== PAGE 76 =====
Special Events
SIMHAT TORAH HONOREES-5776
rv
Melanie Setzer
Aishet Hayil
Melanie served as the Galinsky Academy PTA president for the 2015-16 school year
and has held board positions with Hadassah, JFCS, the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Sisterhood, and the Women’s Division of Jewish Federation. She has been the recipient
of the llene Selevan Young Leadership award and Hadassah Chai award. She is also
involved with the Northeast Florida Community Foundation, Dreams Come True,
and the Jacksonville Children’s Commission. After graduating from the University of
North Florida, she worked for Hillel for 5 years as a Steinhardt Fellow and Program
Director for campuses in Broward and Palm Beach counties. Upon moving back to Jacksonville, she worked
for Unison Industries, a division of GE. Melanie was born and raised in Jacksonville, Florida. She and her
husband, Ben Setzer, were married at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. They live in Jacksonville with their two
children, George and Zachary, who attend the Martin J. Gottlieb Day School.
Greg Arnold
Hatan Torah
Greg has been active at the Jacksonville Jewish Center since early 2002, is a member
of the daily morning minyan, has been active as a gabbai at Shabbat services for several
years, and he recently joined the Center’s Religious Life Community. During a long
career as an Army officer, he served as a lay leader in several military congregations
and on deployments, and served on the executive board of the Juedische Gemeinde
Heidelberg, the synagogue in Heidelberg, Germany. He met and married Barbara in
Heidelberg. Greg and Barbara moved to Jacksonville in late 2001 when Greg became
the regional general manager for Sears Logistics Services in the Southeast and Puerto Rico. Since retiring,
Greg has spent the last ten years as a project manager in the research and development business for The
Boeing Company. Their daughter, Sarah, and her four children live in Cologne, Germany.
Mike Mass
Hatan Bereishit
Myron (Mike) Mass joined the Jacksonville Jewish Center family when his parents
moved to Jacksonville from Miami when he was 17 years old. He met Marilyn Halpern
and they were married in 1966 at the Center at Third and Silver Streets. After a brief
time away from Jacksonville to pursue his medical studies and to serve as a physician
in the U. S. Air Force, he and his wife returned where he started his rheumatology
and allergy medical practice. Professionally, he became Chairman of the Department
of Medicine at Memorial Hospital, Associate Clinical Professor at the University of
Florida College of Medicine (in addition to his private practice), and filled various positions on the Board of
the Duval County Medical Society, culminating in his becoming the Society’s president. Mike and Marilyn
were proud to create an endowment to support leadership and governance at the synagogue and developed a
course for future leaders of the Center. Mike has served for several years on the Jacksonville Jewish Center
Board of Directors, and continues to serve on the Finance Committee. Mike is a regular Shabbat attendee, is
a volunteer physician for Rheumatology and Allergy clinics through Volunteers in Medicine, loves serving
the community, and is always the first to step up when there are Mitzvah Days at the Shul. His sons, Ellis and
Otis are graduates of the Center’s Solomon Schechter Day School.
74
===== PAGE 77 =====
Special Events
EDUCATIONAL MILESTONES
Hebrew High School Siyyum
Confirmation
Saturday, May 21,2016
Hannah Gilbert, Eli Mizrahi,
Rebecca Nathans, Levana Osher,
and Brooke Sapolsky
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School’s
Consecration Class
February 6,2016
Eli Dayan, Jacob Espel Richards,
Chava Ginsberg, Mason Gridley,
Nina McNett, Joseph Morgenthal,
Itamar Ohayon,
Aaron Rocca-Marquez,
Hank Shapiro, Avner Tzabari,
Vivi Weil, Eli Zagagi,
Brennan Zaner, Colvin Zimmerman
The Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
Consecration Class
May 20,2016
Anna Folstein, Evan Harmon,
Agam Kiel, Charlie Milian, Amelia Wilhelm
Adult Education B’nai Mitzvah
June 13,2016
Prince Benyehudah, Zimirah Benyehudah,
Kenneth Hilbert, Tracy Hilbert,
Cheryel Hutton, Allysondra Osborne
75
===== PAGE 78 =====
w Special Events 4
ISRAEL: ANCESTRAL HOMELAND
This summer, 26 members of the
Jacksonville Jewish Center community
traveled to our ancestral homeland along
with Hazzan Holzer to explore our Jewish
heritage and learn how Israel is thriving in
countless ways.
Organized by the tour group Keshet,
the itinerary focused on sharing the wide
variety of flavors Israel has to offer- the
history of our people 2,000 years ago,
the road to independence, the struggle for
religious freedom, and the desire to be at
the peak of the high tech industry. Along the
way, our group bonded through camel rides
and parallel parking-buses, while ensuring
throughout that we would drink copious
amounts of water. Our guide, Morgi, gave
a well-rounded description of Israel today,
while being an expert educator on the
state’s history as well as the history of the
Holocaust. Highlights included: finding
2,000 year old coins, trying marzipan
rugelach for the first time, celebrating Ethan
and Christina Levine’s B’nei mitzvah in an
egalitarian service adjacent to the kotel,
watching Norma Bell hike up Masada,
singing at a kumzitz in the Golan, and
bonding as one kehilla. L’hitra-ot- we all
hope to be back to Israel soon!!
76
===== PAGE 79 =====
Special Events
SHABBAT SHIRA
A weekend of Song • January 22-24
This year, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center invited singer, educator and rock-
star Naomi Less to our community.
She created tailor-made training and
educational experiences for us. A founding
company member of Storahtelling and a
Jewish feminist, Less brought her musical
and educational talents to classroom,
congregation and concert over the course
of this inspirational weekend.
On Friday she ran social justice
workshops for our Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School and ran an interactive concert that
afternoon as well as for our Bernard and
Alice Selevan Religious School on the
Sunday morning of the shabbaton.
Naomi, along with her guitarist Ziv
Shalev, gave an amazing concert on
Saturday in conjunction with our Center
Sisterhood, as we honored two special
women in our community, Lara Werwa
and Edie Jordan at our annual Torah Fund
event. Bringing Naomi in on this weekend,
in which we celebrated Miriam’s role in
leading the Jewish people, as well as these
two strong female role models, was truly a
delight for all.
—
77
===== PAGE 80 =====
Special Events
PURIM
Purim is always a special time at the Jacksonville Jewish
Center. There were a variety of opportunities for the congregation
and the community to celebrate the festive holiday. On March
23rd the holiday began with congregants coming together to
hear a traditional megillah reading. On March 24th, the Shushan
Idol Grand Finale Dinner and Show took place with an open bar,
a wonderful dinner and a synagogue wide talent competition.
Contestants submitted videos of their talents for an online vote. The
finalist performed in front of a live audience of about 120 people.
The finalists were Lisa Hunt, Abigail Fixel, Hannah Silverstein,
Arin Nathans and winner Elior Lubliner. The PTAPurim carnival,
on March 20th, drew hundreds of people from all over the Jewish
community to enjoy an afternoon of games, rides, food, costumes,
puppet shows and fun.
78
===== PAGE 81 =====
Special Events
MINYANNAIRES SHABBAT
For over 116 years, the Jacksonville Jewish
Center has held a regularly scheduled minyan in
the morning and evening. On Shabbat morning,
February 13th, the congregation celebrated all
of our minyan participants at our second annual
Minyannaires Shabbat. At this event, we proudly
honored Jack Mizrahi as the second recipient of the
Scott P. Zimmerman Minyannaire of the Year award.
Minyannaires Shabbat is an opportunity to
shine a light on our congregational minyan for which
there are many reasons to be proud. The Center has
a minyan for shaharit (in the morning) and minhah/
maariv (in the evening) services every day which
allows mourners and people observing a yahrzeit to
say kaddish for their loved ones.
Each and every day our members come together
for prayer, camaraderie and to perform the mitzvah
of participating in the daily minyan. As part of this
event, we bestow an award on one member for their
activities in minyan throughout the years. The award
has been named in memory of our beloved Ritual
Director, Scott Zimmerman, who passed away
in 2014 and honors someone who stands out as a
minyan participant who: attends frequently; shows initiative; develops davening skills; experiences
religious growth; taken on a leadership role and has shown the ability to bring others along on their
own spiritual journey.
This past year, we honored lifelong Center member Jack Mizrahi. Jack’s grandfather Salim
Mizrahi came to Jacksonville in 1910 as a peddler and eventually developed the French Novelty store
chain which Jack has operated for many years. Jack began to attend minyan after the death of his
mother 28 years ago, attending every day with his father, brother and uncle. Soon after, he was asked
to serve as a minyan captain to help insure that services ran and were sufficiently attended. After
completing the eleven-month mourning period, he continued to attend on Friday night as well. To
Jack, attending minyan brought back memories of his days in the Minyan Club run by Cantor Marton,
where post Bar Mitzvah boys would attend Sunday morning minyan and have a special breakfast
before Religious School classes began. He would also attend minyan with his father when he was
commemorating a yahrzeit and would bring along some cake and schnapps for the other attendees.
He had the privilege of having his son, Jonathan, attend Tuesday morning minyan with him during
the years Jonathan was attending the Day School. “It is important to be there for those going through
the period of mourning”, stated Jack. “It is also important to remember those who are not with us who
used to participate in our minyan. I can scan the room and remember the older gentlemen back at 3rd
and Silver who would regularly attend.”
Jack Mizrahi
Minyannaire of the Year
79
===== PAGE 82 =====
'The Jacksonville
Jewish Center
Soard oj Directors,
Clerau
and Staff
Wish Uoia a
ear
JACKSONVILLE
AK! JEWISH
■^0 *^C ENTER
: I
80
===== PAGE 83 =====
Tovah
May You Be Blessed With A Sweet & Healthy New Year
L’Shanah Tovah Umetukah
The Selevan Family
Jack & Susan
Russell, Fran, Jackie & Hope
Marc, Jenny, Ethan & Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
81
===== PAGE 84 =====
L’Sh
Tovah
There are so many beautiful reasons
to be happy in the coming year
Peace, Love, Laughter.. .Enjoy them all!
The Zimmerman Family
82
===== PAGE 85 =====
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Leonard & Debra Setzer
Michael, Lauren & Jeremy Setzer
Benjamin, Melanie,
George & Zachary Setzer
Faye, Ari, Noa & Coby Schuchman
===== PAGE 86 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Heathly New Year
Laurie & Linda DuBow
Susan & Shira
Michael, Helen, Sophie & Charlie
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Barbara G. & Lawrence L. Jaffe
Andrea
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Daren, Jamie, Garrett & Lauren
Bradley, Joshua & Samantha
===== PAGE 87 =====
Drs. Jeffrey & llene Levenson
Annie Levenson, MD & Peter Ganong
Brian & Eric Levenson
Good Health, Happiness & Peace
to You and Yours
Throughout the Year
Joan & Ronnie Levin
Sam, Michael, Noah & Jenna Levin
Risa, Stuart, Rachel, Matthew & Naomi Herman
Dina, Howard, Talia, Jacob & Danielle Fetner
VShanah Tovah
85
===== PAGE 88 =====
VShanah Tovah 4
Best Wishes to Everyone for
a Happy, Healthy, Sweet New Year
VShanah Tovah
The Rothstein Family
Lorry & Paul
Mitchell & Diane
Adam, Nina & Sophie
May the Coming Year
Bring to you all the Blessings
of Health, Peace & Joy
The Shorstein Family
86
===== PAGE 89 =====
PQifi na m Tuva tt -
JLmJÍ JL JL JL JL JL jI jl JL JL JL JL JL JL JL JL
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Jack & Trida
Bettman
& Family
L’Shanah Tovah
Wishing you a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Harriet & Ernie Brodsky
Rachel, Colman, Alex
Ansley & Ashton Brodsky
Best Wishes
for a Healthy & Happy
New Year
Merle & Ron Cherry
Marc, Jenny, Ethan
& Bradley
Andrew, Rebekah, Jacob
& Alexandra
Lance, Michelle, Sloan
& Hailey
Lin, Amy & Dylan
Happy New Year
Mr. & Mrs. Lawrence Datz
Brian Datz
Jodi & Andrew Shapiro
87
===== PAGE 90 =====
c
L’Sh
Tovah
tJKKLm w tmL JBL Jm* Jm»
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Gail & Paul Furman
Liza & Perry Kale
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Renee & Alan Gordon
Ronnie & Faye
Michael, Suzy & Natalie
Robert & Madeline
Harrison, Grant, Elbe Claire
Dana, Jack & Georgia
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
Best Wishes on a
New Year
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Nathan, Diane
The
Elizabeth, Emily
Gottlieb Family
& Laura Goldman
88
===== PAGE 91 =====
L’Sha
Tovah
May the Coming Year
Bring You Joy
& Happiness
Good Health & Peace
The Horovitz Family
Bruce & Edith
Sam, Heather, Belle
& Henry Ryan
Max, Mindy & Eliana Yael
■usdkti am
“This Day May You Strengthen Us”
—High Holy Day Musaf Liturgy
A Year of Peace &
Blessing to all the Members
of the Center Family
nans
Shanah Tovah
Rabbi Jonathan, Susan
Avichai, Elior
& Itamar Lubliner
VShanah Tovah
We wish all our friends
& relatives a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Debby & Alan Katz
and F amily
Our Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
New Year
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
Ben & Leo Linsky
Jennie &
Chandler Rose Gailey
89
===== PAGE 92 =====
Tovah
A very Happy &
Healthy New Year to
Rabbi Lubliner & family
Rabbi Tilman & family and
Hazzan Holzer & family and
to the entire congregation
Barbara Parker
Jeffrey & Debbie Parker & Family
Dr. Larry & Stacie Wilf & Family
■Dron H2T£
Barbara & Eliot Safer
Mathew, Dede & Antia Lily
William Edward
Morry & Rachel
Deena & Jim Richman
Avi & Louis
Sara & Brian Binder
Wishing Everyone a
Very Happy & Healthy
Best Wishes for a
New Year
Healthy & Happy
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin
New Year
Lori, Barry, Jeffrey, Brian
& Mallory Blum
Alan & Ellen
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina
Rachel & Jesse
& Joey Plotkin
Adam & Lauren
Ricky, Jennifer, Jared, Julia
Gabe Rosner
& Ethan Plotkin
90
===== PAGE 93 =====
Best Wishes for a
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy
Healthy &
New Year
Happy New Year
Janet & Michael
Scharf
Mary & Leonard Selber
and Family
L’Shanah Tovah
Tikatavu
Best Wishes for a
Michael & Barbara
Schneider
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Lisa & Dan
Ivy, Joshua & Nathan
Ellen & Barry Setzer
Stefanie
Dena & Jason Rosen
===== PAGE 94 =====
Tovah
1
Our Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy
New Year
Judy & Stephen Silverman
Jessica, David, Lexi &
Aidan Silverman
Risa, Ari, Ruby, Peri
& Marco Silverman
Wishing Everyone
a Happy & Healthy
New Year
Rexine, Charles
& Asher Trager
Best Wishes for a
For the New Year
& Always...
Health, Happiness
& Peace
Happy & Healthy
to You & Yours
New Year
The Weitzen Family
Drs. Barry & Rori Stevens
Jerry & Dianne
Michael, Mangala
Josh & Carly
Maya & Joseph
1
Leah, Tim, Skye & Conor Seymour
Mandy & Jeremy, Ellie, Zoe, Harris
92
===== PAGE 95 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
Greg & Barbara Arnold
L’Shanah Tovah
The Davis Family
Leo, Joanne & Mary
Rich, Nancy, Benjamin & Lily
Jeff, Lesley, Izabella & Max
Brian, Amy, Charlotte & Parker
L’Shanah Tovah
May You All Have a Year of
Health, Happiness & Peace
Dr. & Mrs. Matthew Becker
Mr. & Mrs. N. Mark Becker
Mr. & Mrs. Jeffrey R. Becker
Jacob Edward Becker
Robin, Scott, Alyssa
& Blair DeCrispino
Stacy, Manny. Ethan, Samuel
Sydney Rae & Isaac Fialkow
Tina & Richard Buckman
Zachary & Tamara Bean
Debby & Alan Fialkow
Jamal
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
LaVerne & Andrew Cantor
Adam & Megan Cantor,
Sara & Dimitri Kavalieros
Ayden, Elliot, Theodore & Benjamin
Our Best Wishes
for Good Health and
A Happy New Year
Phyllis & Bob Fischer
Lori, Nir, & Hannah Bronholc
Happy New Year
Barbara & Albert Datz
Lawrence, Risa & Brian Datz
Jodi & Andrew Shapiro
Diane, Nathan, Elizabeth
Emily & Laura Goldman
Sincere Wishes for a
Healthy Happy New Year
Jerry Funk
Amy, Jordan &
Abbie Petersen
J
===== PAGE 96 =====
L’Sh
Tovah
Peace
May it fill our Hearts
our Homes and our World
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
Best Wishes for a
Peaceful &
Healthy New Year
The Krestul Family
Best Wishes for a Year
Filled with Health
Happiness & Peace
Larry & Phyllis Goldberg
Cara & Larry Grossman
Emily, Erik, Hannah & Ethan Rostholder
L’Shanah Tovah
Jan & Bruce Lipsky
Jessie & Rusty Felter
Emma & Eric Dreyer
A Happy, Healthy
& Peaceful New Year
Chary & Michael
Greenburg
May the Blessings of Health, Joy
and Peace be with us throughout
this New Year of5777.
Sylvia Lubliner
and Family
From our family to your
family we wish you a
happy & healthy 5777
Gil and Carol Kleiner
Wishing You a Sweet
& Healthy New Year
Drew, Michelle
& Gabrielle Margol
94
===== PAGE 97 =====
L’Sh
Tovah
Wishing you the
Sweetness of a New Year
L’Shanah Tovah
The Orender Family
Donna, MG, Zachary
& Jacob
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Cindy, Daniel, Michael
& Mitchell Wohl
TShanah Tovah
\
Kathy, Morrie & Ashley Lois Osterer
Natalie, Eli, Esther Shira
Simcha Leah, Batya Yaela & Shlomo
Ovadia Menaged
Jessica, Victor, Shayna Yvette & Joseph Dov Hassid
Melissa, Doug & Beryl Nathan Storch
Wishing Everyone a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Nancy & Seeman
Zimmerman
Cara, Justin & Riley
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Sandy, Joanne, & Jillian
Rosenberg
Lindsay & Justin
Mastrangelo
Whitney & Ross Howayeck
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Sandy, Brooke & Leah
Zimmerman
Wishing you, your Family
& Friends a Wonderful
Warm & Fulfilling New Year
L’Shanah Tovah
The Schoettlers
Lori, Kyle & Samantha, Katie, Josh,
Oliver Ripken, Lady & Lilly
Happy New Year
Anita Zucker
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy &
Gabriella Zucker
Andrea, Stella, Daisy & Jerry Muzin
Jeffrey & Jessica Zucker
95
===== PAGE 98 =====
r
©íu . ... - JT ^ Tlr A 1AT A TI
Tovah 41
r 1/ oHANAH
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Our
Friends, Family & Havurah
Stuart, Karen, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
Best Wishes for the New Year
The Bettmans
Gerry, Robin, & Marcus
Heather, Adam & Miles Davidoff
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Good Health & Happiness
Carole Goldberg & Family
Best Wishes for a Year of
Peace, Health & Happiness
Robin & Daniel Blankstein
Sarah & Aaron
Best Wishes for a Healthy
Peaceful & Successful New Year
Goldstein & Maiman Families
Best Wishes to All Our Friends
Joel Bressler & Shirley Waxman
L’shana tova- Wishing everyone a happy
and healthy new year
Judie & Kal and Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Anita Dittman
Ricky & Elaine Mack
Gary & Arlene Schwartz
Mark, Erica, Asher & Owen Gottlieb
Lauren & Travis Devine
HShanah Tovah
Annetta Kornblum
Craig, Sheri, Micah & Justin Kornblum
Paige, Rocky, Aidan & Elle Kaufman
Josh & Tara Kornblum
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Sandy & Bobbi Edelstein
Mindy & Rachel Whaley
Best Wishes for a
Healthy & Happy New Year
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer & Family
Warmest Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Holly, Mark, Jacqueline, & Amelia Ernas
Best Wishes for a Year of Peace
Health & Happiness
George & Phyllis Levin & Family
Best Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben & Pat Frisch & Family
|
Warmest Wishes for a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Barbara Margol
96
===== PAGE 99 =====
[ ¥ VShanah Tovah 4
May the Coming Year be a Happy One
for You & Yours
Marilyn & Mike Mass
Wishing You a Healthy
& Happy New Year
Rubye Safer
Sharon Kesler & Family
Judy & Herman Paul & Family
L’Shanah Tovah
Faye, Steven, Hannah & Eli Mizrahi
May the Coming Year bring you Joy &
Happiness, Good Health & Peace
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
Best Wishes for a Happy
& Healthy New Year
Robin, Jeffery, Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron, Noa, Vered & Eitan Byron Stember
For the New Year & Always
Health, Happiness & Peace
Dr. Kenneth, Sheryl & Elizabeth Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige &
Henry Benjamin Sekine
Sarah & Sam Feller
Alexander Robert Feller
Marsha & Ronnie Pollock
Joy, Bob, Matthew & Colby Nebel
Stacy & Ethan Fialkow
Kristen, Lee, Mischa & Aaron Pollock
VShanah Tovah Tikatavu
The Shacters
Joe, Helen, Debbie & Stephanie
Wishing You a Year of Good Health
Happiness, Contentment & Peace
Barbara, Jerry & Noah Portnoy
Nicole, Neil & Gabe Morris
Wishing our Family and Friends
a Healthy, Happy, Peaceful
& Prosperous New Year
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Phyllis Portnoy & Family
Wishing Everyone a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Edward, Millie
Sam & Jonathan Tannen
VShanah Tovah
Dr. Elias Rosenblatt
Wishing You a Fruitful Year
full of love, happiness and peace
Dr. Steven & Risa Warfield
Sam, Eric, Kiley, Rachael, Shea & Hilda Warfield
Wishing You a Year of Good
Health & Peace
George & Ellen Rubens
Joshua, Cara, Jacob, Zachary & Levi
Marcy, Michael, Sydni, Taylor & Molly
VShanah Tovah
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
97
===== PAGE 100 =====
Wishing you a happy and healthy new year ^ Happy And Peaceful New Year
Sue, Fred, Mitch, Brett & Emily Eaglstein
me vvuiisun ramiiy
Bud, Lisa, Jacob, Alex, Jared & Ally
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Martin & Betty Edwards & Family
T)p) 1 m 1 L A 11
Wishing Your Family a
Happy & Healthy New Year
Beth, Howie, Evan
Andrew & Emma Wolpoff
L Shanah Tovah to All
Heather, Lenny, Jeremy, David & Shira Ferman
Wishing Everyone a Sweet New Year
Etta Fialkow
L’Shanah Tovah
Gayle & David Bailys, Jeremy & Lindsey, Richie
Best wishes for a happy & healthy new year
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney
Best wishes for a happy & healthy new year
Harold and Rita Baumgarten
Happy and Healthy New Year
Elaine Furman & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
Norma, Brian, Robyn, Madyson, and Levi Bell
Wishing everyone L’shana Tova Tikatavu
Vicki Gatewood
L’Shanah Tovah
Vera Benjamin
L’ Shanah Tovah from
Linda & Philip Bloom, Lauren & Gregg Wishna,
Happy New Year
Bonnie Gelman
Best Wishes For A Happy And Happy New Year
Sasha & Charlie Gibbons
Annette Grauer
Wishing You a Healthy & Happy New Year
Naomie & Bob Bossen
L’Shanah Tovah
Yakov, Svetlana & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Maxwell Wolinetz
to in
Ruchel Broadman & Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year
May Grann & Family
Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Beckv Brombers
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Faye, Dan, Milly & Ellen Hedrick
A Happy & Healthy New Year to all Our Fellow Congregants L’Shanah Tova U’Metukah
Allan & Kathy Cohen Margie and Aaron Holzer
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy new year
Jerrold & Mary Cohn
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Lewis, Barbara & Sarah Hunter
A Happy, Healthy and peaceful New Year
Ruth Cohn
L’Shanah Tovah
The Kaminsky Family
UavK A mi’ Dnlln QT CCmrnti
Wishing Everyone A Healthy, Happy and Peaceful New Year Best Wishes for a Healthy New Year
Sandi Driben Stanley & Sharon Kantor
*á
===== PAGE 101 =====
Tovah
Happy Healthy New Year!
Harriett & Sheldon Kaplan & Family
L’Shanah Tova U’Metuka!
The Neadle Family
Wishing You a New Year filled with many
Blessings of Peace, Health & Happiness
Nolan, Marcelle, Alexa & Seth Karstaedt
L’Shanah Tovah u ‘Metuka
Ken & Peggy Organes & Family
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy Year
Rabbi Dov & Alina Kentof & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ricky, Rhonda, Ainsley & Lyle Passink
Happy New Year
Mickey & Mimi Kersun & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jay, Cheryl, Sara, Shaina & Joseph Plotkin
Wishing You a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hy Kliman & Family
Happiness, Peace & Good Health
Ron & Lita Poehlman
Peace, Good Health & Happiness for the New Year
Jack Koolik
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthv New Year
Arlene, Jerry, Jason & Ingrid Rademan
Alyssa, Matthew, Ella & Brandon Siegel
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Jason, Lauren, Natalie & Nathan Rubin
Happy & Healthy New Year
Harris, Meryl, Luria & Shira Rittenberg
A Happy, Healthy New Year
Shirley, Dick, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
Best wishes for a happy & healthy new year
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy new year
Cindy & Eric Land
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Devon, Perrin, Avi & Micah Rubin
Wishing peace, health, and laughter for the new year
Stacy, Jeff, Sydney, Jagger & Jayden Leach
....
May This New Year Bring Happiness & Peace to You
& Those You Love
Frances Schemer & Family
Happy New Year
Richard & Tammy Lesnik & Family
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Priscilla, David, Jason & Matthew Schmerer
A healthy and happy new year
Marla, Gary, Pamela, Steven, & Rosi Lewis
Wishing a sweet, happy and healthy new year to all-
The Sekine Family
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Jeff & Penny Marks
Happy New Year
Marvin Sherman & Family
Best Wishes for a Happy New Year
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Maura, Alex, Hannah & Joel Silverstein
Happy New Year
A.J. Michaels, Jerry Rosenberg & Sharon Michaels
A Happy & Healthy New Year to Family & Friends
Doris & Fred Singer
Happy New Year
Jack & Nancy Mizrahi
Dena, Jonathan & Debra 1 Sara, Bruce, Tali & Jonah
Best Wishes for a Healthy & Happy New Year
Carole Sinoff
99
===== PAGE 102 =====
L’Shanah Tovah
Best Wishes for a Peaceful New Year
Dr. Mandell & Rita Stearman
A Happy & Healthy New Year
Randee & Marty Steinberg & Family
Best wishes for a healthy and happy new year
Linda Stuart
Wishing Everyone a Happy & Healthy New Year
Ben Talpalar & Family
A Happy; Healthy & Peaceful New Year to All
Dot Verstandig
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Sumner & Joan Waitz
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Larry, Stacie, Parker & David Wilf
Best Wishes for a healthy, happy, peaceful New Year
Carole Wolpin
Best Wishes for a Happy & Healthy New Year
Frank & Daphne Woodard
Melanie, Benjamin, George & Zachary Setzer
Dr. Mark & Roz Abramson and Family
Dr. Philip & Karen Adler and Family
Brian & Judie Benwick
Ed Bernard
Moti, Cindy, Ori, Yanir and Courtney Demri
Cynthia W. Disher and Family
Donald & Roberta Edelman
Lanny and Dorrie Felder
Yakov Feig, Denise Sherman, Joshua & Anna
Michael, Beth, Ariella, Joshua Fleet & Dorielle
Parker
Marilyn D. Freedman
Alois Gendzier
Rose Goldberg
Sol & Hilda Goldman
Diane Greenbaum & Allen Gray
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford and Family
Roz Hecht
Wendy Honigman and Family
Elliott & Roslyn Horovitz
Leo & Sheila Jacobson
Mimi & Marty Kaufman and Family
Sylvia Kraemer
Dorothy S. Legum
Marla, Gary, Pamela, Steven & Rosi Lewis
Arlene Faracchio
===== PAGE 103 =====
Pearl Marion
Carol & Harvey Matoren
Clara Mann
Hilda Mazo and Family
Judith B. Mizrahi
Leon Robins and Family
Margaret Rose & Rachel Gerber
William Rose
Dr. Neal & Nina Roth and Family
Nathan & Marilyn Sandler
Leonard & Frieda Saraga and Family
Mr. & Mrs. Gerald Schemer and Family
Mrs. Mitchell Schemer
Ann & Leon Silke and Family
Leah Solomon
Lynn Sussman
Rose Tincher
Lois, Bob, Ben & Alec Tompkins
Sandra Weiss and Family
Elsie Yellin
L’Sh
Tovah
101
===== PAGE 104 =====
VILLELA & SHILTS
Certified Public Accountants
At Villela & Shilts, LLC our mission is to provide unparalleled service and
unsurpassed value to our clients on a timely basis and in a manner that
highlights our passion for excellence. As a certified public accounting firm,
our clients count on us for our integrity and expertise. We depend on your trust
and work to earn it each day, every day.
Our firm has a strong entrepreneurial
spirit. We are progressive thinkers who
strive to reach innovative solutions to
your problems in challenging and
changing economic environments.
Some of our services include:
• Forensic accounting and
litigation services
• Financial advisory
• Business valuation
• Part-time CFO Services
• Tax and Accounting
• Estate & trust taxes
www.VillelaShilts.com
OCALA OFFICE
MIAMI OFFICE
JACKSONVILLE OFFICE
910 SW 1st Avenue, Suite 201
777 Brickell Avenue, Suite 500
3830-7C Williamsburg Park Blvd.
Ocala, FL 34471
Miami, FL 33131
Jacksonville, FL 32227
Tel: (352)237-3200
Tel: (305) 224-8102
Tel: (904) 325-9086
Fax: (352)237-3208
Fax; (352)237-3208
Fax: (352)237-3208
Have a Happy & Healthy New Year!!!
102
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 105 =====
Galinsky Academy
Shalom! The Galinsky Academy provides
Jewish children of all ages, from infancy through high
school, the highest quality education. Comprised of
DuBow Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious
School, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, and Setzer
Youth Education, the Galinsky Academy embodies
the commitment that all of our children - regardless of
the path their parents choose - benefit from the finest
teachers, an engaged clergy, and the most cutting-edge
curriculum and technology.
, f í
k
GALINSKY
ACADEMY
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Debby Kaye
Our schools teach respect for the diversity of Jewish practice. The Galinsky
Academy is a place where Jewish children, regardless of background, come together
around a shared heritage. The Galinsky Academy not only provides innovative
educational programs; it engages a diverse student and parent community. We are
truly a family of families, a community of learners, representing a wide range of Jewish practices, commitments,
and beliefs. In a way, we are a laboratory of Klal Yisrael, the broader, complete Jewish community of Jacksonville.
One of my goals this past year was to integrate our marketing, development and recruitment functions in
order to create an educational institution that would have an even larger presence outside the building. I wanted
us to attract families, as well as donors, thought partners, and investors. I wanted our schools to be seen by as
many people as possible as making a contribution to the Jewish community as a whole, improving the world
through our graduates. I am pleased to report that our fundraising is up, our enrollments are looking good, and
there is plenty of buzz about our schools and students in the community.
In the coming year we will continue working to further align all schools, programs, and goals under one
common vision in order to strengthen the impact on all of our children, from preschool through high school. Not
many congregations are blessed to have the level of staffing, programs, and resources necessary to accomplish
this. May we continue to grow m ’chayil l ’chayil, from strength to strength, in the coming year.
My wife, Marci, and I wish you all a Shanah Tovah U’metukah.
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Schools
■bbhhbhi
103
===== PAGE 106 =====
r Gal in sky Academy I I
L’DOR v’dor annual giving campaign
The Galinsky Academy of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
is dedicated to high educational standards and traditional
Jewish values. The schools and programs of the Academy’s
DuBow Preschool, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School, Bernard &
Alice Selevan Religious School, and Setzer Youth Education
strive to create an educational environment where children
and teens love being Jewish.
L’dor V’dor
The Galinsky Academy’s annual giving campaign, L’Dor
V’Dor, brings exceptional opportunities to the participants of
the four schools and programs thanks to the support of our many donors. Through a campaign
process of communication throughout the academic year, the entire community is given the
opportunity to be involved in the L’Dor V’Dor campaign and support the Academy’s mission
and vision.
104
===== PAGE 107 =====
i ► Galinsky Academy 4
The Galinsky Academy held its Celebration and Award Dinner, “It’s In Our DNA,” on the evening
of May 22 at the Jacksonville Jewish Center. With its primary purpose to raise funds to benefit the
L’Dor V’Dor Annual Giving Campaign, the more than 300 guests in attendance enjoyed cocktails and a
seated dinner prepared with love by Margo’s Catering. The event’s co-chairs were Jeanine Rogozinski
and Andrea Mail, who pulled out all the stops in creating a program that highlighted the Academy’s
schools and programs, which include DuBow Preschool, Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School,
Setzer Youth Education, Martin J. Gottlieb Day School. The Galinsky Academy serves children from
eight weeks of age through high school, currently numbering approximately 320 students in total. The
attendees included leaders from the synagogue and Jewish communities, as well as Rabbi Emeritus
David Gaffney and wife Inge, who were visiting from New York.
The evening’s emcee was Ben Becker, a local news reporter and Galinsky Academy parent.
Following an inspiring and energetic program, the evening’s highlights were the presentation of two
awards. First, following an introduction by long-time friend Donna Orender, the Rabbi David Gaffney
Leadership in Education Award was presented to Sue Levine in recognition of her years of tireless
service to the Galinsky Academy’s schools and programs. The second award, the Academy’s inaugural
Community Partner Award, was introduced by former JJC President and current Jewish Federation of
Jacksonville President Sandy Zimmerman. The Academy presented the award to Federation in gratitude
for their commitment to Jewish education in Jacksonville, and it was accepted by Executive Director
Alan Margolies on Federation’s behalf. Actress Debra Messing also sent a surprise congratulatory
message to Margolies, whose families have been friends for
nearly three decades. The awardees each received an original
work of art - a beautiful glass heart symbolic of their love for our
community - crafted by a local glass blower, Bill Slade.
The program also included a silent auction of toddler chairs,
which were created by local artists and sold to the highest bidder
at evening’s end. The toddler chair sale brought in nearly $2,000
for the campaign.
105
—1
===== PAGE 108 =====
P DuBow Preschool 4
THE HEART AND START OF JEWISH LEARNING
DuBow
PRESCHOOL
Dina Kirshbaum
Administrative
Assistant
Robin Morris
Judaica Teacher
Michelle Margol
Judaica Teacher
Alyse Santana
PE Specialist
Zina Levitsky
Music
Teacher
■■■■I
Amanda Watsky
Exploration & Discovery
Program Coordinator
Suzie Poliak Becker Billie McNett Lindsey Heifer
Early Childhood Early Childhood Early Childhood
Co-Director Co-Director Co-Director
And these words that I command you today shall be on your heart. You shall teach them diligently to your children, and
shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you
rise. Deuteronomy 6:6-7
The DuBow Preschool is dedicated to providing an outstanding early childhood program, which emphasizes
Jewish life and values, in a caring, developmentally appropriate, and stimulating environment. Our philosophy of play-
based learning, supported by carefully chosen currículums and outstanding resources, help to support the foundations
for thinking patterns, value structures and ways of viewing the world into adulthood. In partnering with our families, our
goal is to provide our students with a strong academic and social foundation that encourages a lifelong love of learning
and Jewish identity.
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of the Preschool, we can be proud of providing the children and families of
this community with a nurturing, learning environment that maximizes the individual student and family potential in
surroundings steeped in Jewish traditions. Our children benefit from an exceptional program led by experienced and
committed staff including preschool professionals, Jewish studies teachers and involved clergy. We strive to promote a
culture that embodies the principle of Tikun Olam, an unending quest to leave this world a better place, by reinforcing
empathy, respect and understanding of individual differences. Our goal is to provide a foundation that instills joy,
confidence, a passion for learning and a love of being Jewish.
When selecting the DuBow Preschool, families receive the benefit of a “home away from home”. We are blessed
to be a part of the Galinsky Academy and to be housed at the Jacksonville Jewish Center, which provide us with an
excellent facility rich in shared resources.
We invite you to see what we are doing by visiting www.dubowpreschool.org, or by scheduling a personal tour.
On behalf of our faculty and our families, we wish you a Shanah Tovah U’Metukah. May you be inscribed in The Book
of Life for a good and sweet new year.
Suzie Poliak Becker Billie McNett Lindsey Heifer
106
===== PAGE 109 =====
107
===== PAGE 110 =====
\P DvBow Preschool
Doobonim
Ms. Melissa Trujillo
Ms. Billie McNett
Benjamin D.
Luke K.
Alyssa K.
Eden L.
Lily S.
Abigail Z.
Not Pictured:
Mark D. and Vivienne S.
KofimI
Ms. Shereen Canady
Ms. Taylor Clark
Ms. Michelle Margol
Ms. Robin Morris
Ms. Mariya Tesler
Levi B.
Abigail H.
Bryce K.
Daniel M
Paloma M.
Rowan M.
Alexander O
Ayelet O.
EliZ.
.Not Pictured: Eliana R,
Tali W., and Bethenny Z
Kofim II
Ms. Amy Kish
Ms. Melissa Vanhoof
Yael Z.
Eva S.
Ariel M.
Abigail F.
Max K.
SebasTan C.
JackH.
Bradley R.
Oliver S.
Not Pictured: Jonathan H., Rena H., and Aadhiran M
108
===== PAGE 111 =====
W — DuBow Preschool 4
Parparim 1
Ms. Janet Kriss
Ms. Maryanne Bush
Milly H.
Hannah R.
Nicole S.
Elliott N.
Zachary S.
Joshua W.
Samara P.
Not Pictured:
Daniel B. and Elena H.
Parparim II
Ms. Caesy Allen
Ms. Irit Salzman
Sastha L.
Emma B.
Abigail M.
Ariel la LP.
Naomi P.
Dillon E.
Rafael B.
Ronald M.
Keegan B.
Not Pictured:
Alina A. and Aadhav S.
Tzeeporim I
Ms. Robin Vitello
Ms. Susan Poliak
Ms. Shereen Canady
Isabel K.
Naomi C.
Noam S.
Lela L.
Leah J.
Ella H.
Nikita R.
Ryan L.
lian G.
Harper HL.
Simon D.
Maximus F.
Not Pictured:
Ms. Lindsey Heifer
Tzeeporim II
Ms. Lisa Elkana
Ms. Carolyn Kershaw
Andrewsha M.
IsabelB.
Andi S.
Emma W.
Madison H.
Brandon H.
Aaron R.
Mayer M.
Alex H.
Zachai S.
Joseph S.
Not Pictured:
Liam F. and Sofia P.
109
===== PAGE 112 =====
►— DuBow Preschool Treehouse —4
COME TO THE TREEHOUSE
Parent & Me Classes - Ages 2 months - 4 years
With five classes- one each day of the week- we have something for every stage of baby
and toddlerhood! In Color Splash use your 5 senses to explore the world of colors. Family
Music and Movement is a perfect first class for baby as we learn about rhythm, movement,
and the world of music. Baby Sign-A-Long is an innovative program that helps parents
understand their baby’s needs and wants using sign language. Stroller Workout combines
strength training and power walking- and exercise is always more fun with friends! At
Shalom Baby playgroup, come celebrate Jewish holidays, play, chat, meet other moms,
and socialize your baby. We look forward to meeting you and your little ones - see you at
the Treehouse! Learn more on our website: http://treehouse.dubowpreschool.org
DuBow
PRESCHOOL
TREEHOUSE
no
===== PAGE 113 =====
13
Kids Club
EXTENDED DAY IS FILLED WITH FUN!
The Galinsky Academy is proud to provide an excellent before and after school program for children ages one
through twelve. We offer outstanding winter and spring break camps as well as fun, active, and enriching days when
school is not in session.
“Breakfast Club” - We open at 7 a.m. each morning to greet our kids, allowing parents to get to work on time.
Many of the kids eat breakfast with friends then socialize, play or study until school begins.
Afternoon Fun - We are open until 6 p.m. Monday - Thursday and 5:30 p.m. on Fridays. We strive to provide the
highest quality program, where parents are assured of a safe, healthy, and happy environment for their children. We
have designed our program to offer both educational and social enrichment. Parents can feel comfortable knowing their
children are interacting with peers, participating in fun and engaging indoor and outdoor activities.
Our Martin J. Gottlieb Day School elementary students, who join us after school have a supervised daily homework
and study period, snack, and outdoor sports and activities.
Ill
===== PAGE 114 =====
*■— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
AN EXCITING TIME FOR THE DAY SCHOOL
Rabbi Jim Rogozen
Head of Galinsky Academy
Chair - Jennie DeBardeleben
What is the purpose of a Jewish Day School? Put
simply, to educate world changers for a changing world. We
do that by instilling a set of qualities, tools, and values - a
mind-set, a skill set, and a set of commitments - that will
continue our mission of improving the world now, as well
as anticipating what will be needed in decades to come. Martin J.
GOTTLIEB
Specifically, we want students today,tomorrow, in ten DAY SCHOOL
and twenty years to...
Engage the world.
Think critically.
Own their Jewish identity.
Know how to get things done.
Know how to get beyond obstacles
and failure.
Have a vision of what is good.
Be healthy, strong, and positive.
Surround themselves with people
on the same journey.
Have chutzpah.
Be role models.
Be mentches.
Seek justice, and
Be eternally dissatisfied with
the status quo.
Last year we went a long way toward achieving our goals. Our middle school students continued their
weekly Mitzvah Program trips, and all of our students were involved in a variety of tzedakah programs. In
terms of academics, our standardized test scores are high, and our graduating 8th graders are routinely admitted
to the advanced studies programs to which they apply.
In terms of meeting the needs of all our students, we continue to be blessed by our partnership with
Jewish Family & Community Services, who provide us with a special education coordinator and a guidance
counselor. We believe that making each and every child successful academically and emotionally creates a
positive and productive school community. We are also grateful to our community partners Jewish Federation
of Jacksonville and Jewish Community Foundation of NE Florida for their continued commitment to Jewish
education in our community.
Shanah Tovah from our families to yours!
Edith Horovitz
Vice Principal
of Middle School
Nancy Davis
Director of
Institutional
Advancement
Sarah Zakikhani
Administrative
Assistant
Robyn Sabatt-Waring
Executive
Assistant
112
===== PAGE 115 =====
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
v*n
113
===== PAGE 116 =====
P Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
CLASSES OF 2015-2016
Kindergarten-Gan
Teachers:
Pamela Lewis
Shannon McVearry
Edith Horovitz
Students:
Sophia Adamidis
Teagan Carpenter
Reba Gould
Tobias Hoff
Barrett Hunt
Logan Hunt
Levi Kaplan
Sadie Kaplan
Rayna Kempner
Eli Kuvin
Elianah Merwin
Anna Millrood
Noah Neihaus
Samuel Resnick
Tavi Schwartz
Zachary Setzer
Jordyn Shilts
Miya Zimilevich,
First Grade-
Kitah Alef
Teachers:
Erin Ulichnie
Robin Morris
Hanna Bendit
Students:
Eli Dayan
Chava Donohoe
Mason Gridley
Nina McNett
Joseph Morgenthal
Itamar Ohayon
Aaron Rocca-
Marquez
Hank Shapiro
Avner Tzabari
Vivi Weil
Eli Zagagi
Brennan Zaner
Colvin Zimmerman
114
===== PAGE 117 =====
. Gottlieb Day School
CLASSES OF 2015-2016
Second Grade-
Kitah Bet
Teachers:
Naomi Kaplan
Robin Vitiello
Rivka Cohen
Students:
Ashton Brodsky
Harper Gardner
Kagan Gould
Sophia Hilbert
Elie Hill
Kyra Jaffa
Gabriel Kaye
David Kempner
Maytal Mitzmacher
Remy Sadowsky
Samuel Schuster
Adrielle Schwartz
Max Sullivan
Elizabeth
Teitelbaum
Charlie Thibodeau
Lillian Watsky
Alana Werwa
Andrew Wolpoff
Third Grade-
Kitah Gimmel
Teachers:
Seth Carpenter
Judy Paul
Liat Walker
Students:
Zoe Carpenter
Brian Charpiat
Elizabeth Finelt
Brooke Gridley
Sadie Handmaker
Zachariah Hoff
Micah Jaffa
Skyler Kaplan
Morgan Nathans
Efrat Ohayon
Charles Resnick
Blake Zaner
Fourth Grade-
Kitah Dalet
Teachers:
Michelle Lewis
Robyn Freedman
Rivka Cohen
Students:
Maria Bezverkh
Lily Davis
Lucy Gould
Jacob Gross
Samuel Kaplan
Nava Kempner
Maya Letts
Madelyn Millrood
Jacob Morgenthal
Jacob Rutansky
Jett Scharf
George Setzer
Elliana Tesler
Evan Wolpoff
Talia Zagagi
115
===== PAGE 118 =====
[ ► Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
CLASSES OF 2015-2016
Fifth Grade-
Kitah Hay
Teachers:
Susan Burkhart
Robyn Freedman
Liat Walker
Students:
Joseph Ben-Naim
Daniel Bubis
Courtney Charpiat
Josh DeBardeleben
Anna Feig
Eva Gridley
Dorothy Handmaker
Mod Hill
Ava Jaffa
Moses Jaffa
Aidan Kempner
Eliana Mitzmacher
Ariel Ohayon
Elizabeth Rutansky
Saylor Scharf
Aleeya Spector
Mason Teitelbaum
Sixth Grade-Kitah Vav
Homeroom Teacher:
Karianne Jaffa
Students:
Noam Ben-Naim
Aide Bielski
Benjamin Davis
Julia DeBardeleben
Abigail Fixel Sage Kaye
Austin Gardner Samantha Letts
Jack Hernandez Isabell Zhukov
116
===== PAGE 119 =====
. Gottlieb Day
CLASSES OF 2015-2016
Seventh Grade-
Kitah Zayin
Homeroom Teacher:
Stephanie Teitelbaum
Students:
Parker Balotin
Julia Canady
Noah Gutterman
Orli Gutterman
Ayden Israel
Eliana Jaffa
Maiah Jaffa
Jonathan Kats
Evan Levy
Jasmine Mail
Joshua Miller
Zach Mizrahi
Arin Nathans
Elad Ohayon
Emily Teitelbaum
Ariella Tesler
Griffith Werwa
Samantha Zimmerman
Eighth Grade-
Kitah Chet
Homeroom Teacher:
Judy Reppert
Students:
Jamie Bielski
Rebecca Bubis
Benjamin Chafetz
Elior Lubliner
Itamar Lubliner
Zoe Mail
Gil Sapolsky
Zachary Shainbrown
Jolie Weiss
117
===== PAGE 120 =====
P— Martin J. Gottlieb Day School —4
MIDDLE SCHOOL
WRSEÍ8®
118
===== PAGE 121 =====
P Galinsky Academy
PARENT - TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The Galinsky Academy PTA is very excited for the 2016-2017
school year. We are going to continue to focus on building community,
or in Hebrew Ki-hil-ah. We want all parents, teachers and students
to feel that they are part of the warm, welcoming community at the
Galinsky Academy. We encourage everyone who wants to be involved
to come to a meeting or reach out to one of our PTA board members
to find an event or committee to help with. There are opportunities
to get involved that are weekly, only at holiday times or a onetime
deal. It takes an incredible team of people to manifest all that the
Galinsky Academy PTA does in one school year! Working together
for the betterment of the Galinsky Academy is what makes our Ki-hil-
ah so great. Whether you are a parent in the Bernard & Alice Selevan
Religious School, the Dubow Preschool, the Martin J. Gottlieb Day
School, Setzer Youth Education (or all four) your participation is both
welcome and needed.
PTA Officers
Emily Spector - PTA President
Lisa Hunt - Treasurer
Cindy Handmaker - Secretary
Rachel Brodsky - VP of Communication
Natalie Dayan - VP of Programming
Faye Hedrick - VP of Membership
Tracy Hilbert - VP of Fundraising
Amy Kaminsky - Religious School Liaison
Simon Schuster - VP of Services
Please come join us at a PTA meeting to find out what is going on, join a committee, help with holiday preparations,
or just have some coffee and be social. We would love to see you! Meetings take place once a month, we will have
two Sunday meetings to accommodate parents who cannot attend during the work week. Please check our website at
galinskyacademy.org/pta or like us on Facebook, Galinsky Academy PTA for all upcoming events and our calendar. Be
on the lookout for some community building activities. We will have special school-wide and grade specific Shabbat
dinners, a campout, mother-son event, father-daughter events, an amazing Purim carnival and lots more so please stay
connected and get involved to make our Galinsky Academy Ki-hil-ah (community) the best one ever!
119
===== PAGE 122 =====
Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School
A MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR
Our Religious School enjoyed yet another
amazing year! Classes are growing, and we
concentrated this year on improving our Hebrew
program. We made wonderful additions this past
year to our Hebraic’s staff, resulting in more Hebrew
spoken in the classroom and fresh new ideas in our
curriculum. We expanded the use of our Online
Learning Center, which allows students to practice
reading and prayer skills at home, and we added more
Hebrew class time on Sundays.
Bernard & Alice
SELEVAN
RELIGIOUS SCHOOL
Our program includes Kindergarten and 1st grade Sunday School classes,
where loving, dedicated teachers introduce our youngest students to the Torah,
Hebrew, and holidays; the extremely successful “Judaism Through the Arts” for
grades 2-5, using a variety of crafts, literature, technology and music to nourish
a love of Jewish culture; and the always popular Project Etgar for our 6th and
7th grade students, which makes Jewish learning relevant and challenging
to middle-schoolers regardless of their level of formal Jewish education and
observance. Inclusive family programs, allowing for parent involvement and
instruction, round out this exciting new concept in Jewish education.
Lois Tompkins
Director
Co-Chairs -
Faye Mizrahi &
Stacy Leach
We pride ourselves on our healthy blend of traditional and modern methods. The 2016-2017 school
year promises to include even more innovative and exciting changes as we constantly strive to keep our
students stimulated and challenged.
Wishing you a sweet and healthy new year: L ’shana Tovah Umetuka!
Lois B. Tompkins
120
! :
===== PAGE 123 =====
p- Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School -4
121
===== PAGE 124 =====
Ir Bernard & Alice Selevan Religious School ~4
CLASSES OF 2015-2016
Kindergarten - Gan
Harry Aaronson
Briar Agidius
Carson Agidius
Madyson Bell
Sophie Hammer
Ben Levinson
Juliana Lipzin
Eva Margulis
Abigail Miller
Mara Rotenberg
First Grade - Alef
Chloe Baker
Zachary Bomser
Benjamin Bryskin
Steven Kaminsky
Jayden Leach
Leo Rush
Brooke Schachter
Adam Tesler
Shainah Wiener
Nathan Willens
Second Grade - Bet
Kaylah Anderson
Evan Harmon
Agam Kiel
Charles Milian
Amelia Wilhelm
Third Grade - Gimel
Jake Aronowitz
Avigail Barak
Anna Folstein
Bella Kaminsky
Ben Marmelstein
Scott Miller
Jacob Rubens
Amelia Tesler
Noah Wasserman
Ari Willens
122
===== PAGE 125 =====
~ BERNARD & ALICE SELEVAN RELIGIOUS SCHOOL~ 
Fourth Grade -Dalet 
Charles Aaronson Hayes Bettman Danny Bomser David Bryskin Dante Gaviglia Joshua Katz 

CLASSES OF 2015-2016 
Ethan Logvinov Sophia Milian Abigail Rotenberg Joel Silverstein Sara Wasserman Sophia Wilhelm 

Sixth Grade -Vav 
Justin Behr Noah Bomser Nahila Davis Dalia Dryden Dustin Sandler Gabriel Willens 

Fifth Grade -Hay 
Corey Behr Isaac Davis Joseph Folstein Jacob HaireI Andrew Herbst Alisa Margulis Daniel Marmelstein 

Seventh Grade -Zayin 
William Aaronson Veronica Bryant Julia Grosse Sydney Herbst Rebecca Katz Jagger Leach Sydney Leach 
Brooke Saye Alexandra Selevan Elli Trager Brooke Trager Lailah Wiener Ashley Zunic 
Laura Rogovin 
Zachary Rosin-Borrousch 
Sydni Rudowitz 
Eryn Saye 
Jacob Selevan 
Channah Thomas 
Jeremy Zaifert 
Leah Zi mrnerman
===== PAGE 126 =====
~SETZER YOUTH EDUCATION~ 
Setzer Youth Education is a leaf on the Galinsky Academy tree. We encompass all of the informal youth­related programming of the Jacksonville Jewish Center, including: 
Chalutzim (grades 4 & 5), Kadima (grades 6-8), USY (grades 9-12), Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Daisies, Brownies, Juniors and Camp Ki Tov ! Our goal is to have 
YOUTH EDUCAT I ON
a supplementary, Jewish, non-formal program for each and every child up to 12th grade. 
Each of our Youth Groups, as well as Scouts, is led by a leadership board consisting of their peers, which is overseen by advisors. Camp Ki Tov features a Leaders In Training track for 6th through 10th graders, which is led by our
Gabrielle Magid 
Youth Director Youth Director. One of the many benefits of this model is to teach all of our 
participants, from our youngest members to our oldest members, that they can have a voice and a say in the direction and process of their group, thus teaching them invaluable leadership skills that will benefit them for the rest of their lives. 
Approximately 100 kids participated in Setzer Youth Education programs this past year. All of our programs were very busy. Chalutzim has many programs including Messy Day, ice skating, Havdalah and a movie under the stars and a lip sync contest. The Jacksonville Jewish Center hosted the Mercaz Kadima convention, Yorn Universal for Kadimaniks and USYers from Altanta and Birmingham and the Mercaz USY Spring Sub-regional convention where the kids won most spirited chapter. Over 40 kids attended Camp Ramah Darom as a camper or staff member and Camp KiTov had a wait list. Scouts continues to grow in every area, engaging many of our younger children. 
The Setzer Youth Education Program welcomes Gabrielle Magid as our new Youth Director. She is planning another busy year and hopes even more kids from our Center family participate in one of the many opportunities for informal education in a social setting. 

CENTER YOUTH COMMISSION 
The Youth Commission oversees all youth organizations and programs sponsored by the Jacksonville Jewish Center 2016-2017 COMMITTEE including Chalutzim, Kadima, USY, Hebrew High and the 
CHAIR -Maori Mizrahi 
Scouts programs. The committee is made up of youth group 
STAFF LIAISON -Gabrielle Magid
advisors, presidents of our clubs and caring Center members 
who believe that the future of Conservative Judaism can be secured through participation in innovative programs designed Faye Mizrahi Marte Wasserman 
to develop upcoming Jewish leaders. Stacy Leach Herb Kaminsky 
Maura Silverstein Claudia Milian 
In addition to membership in Center Youth Groups, the Carrie Bielski Alan Andres 
Youth Commission encourages our youngsters to attend United Synagogue summer programs, such as Camp Ramah, USY - Dan Jaffa Brian Bell 
on -Wheels, Ramah Seminar in Israel and USY Pilgrimage. Gayle Bailys Perrin Rubin 
These provide excellent opportunities for our children to share Christina Levine Beth Wolpoff 
wholesome fun and uniquely Jewish experiences with their peers from all over the United States and Canada. The Youth Hillary Rotenberg 
Commission assists applicants with a variety of scholarships.
===== PAGE 127 =====
"' K "" ~ ~ 
~ ilSll.rSETZER MOUTH EDUCATION~ 
1(% ~ -"" "" H = ~ 5 ;i--0 ('ti 
Rabbi Howard Tilman 
Chair 
Lisa Ross 
-
HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL 
Hebrew High continued with its momentum from last year and brought it to new places. In different units over the course of the year, we challenged our teens to think about Jewish identity and practice and its influence on their daily lives. Together with Rabbi Tilman and other guests over the course of the year, we learned what our tradition has to teach about Gemilut Hasidim, learned about and experienced some new lifecycle rituals, discussed how Jewish culture is expressed in TV and music, and experienced ways in which Judaism informs our political beliefs and outlooks. Over the year, students learned from a variety of events, occasions and fun activities. Together, students learned that our Jewish texts and values have a lot to teach us even today, and that learning about them can be interesting and fun!
===== PAGE 128 =====
I P Setzer Youth Education 41
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
The Jacksonville Jewish Center is fortunate to have a large representation of youth participating in summer
programs. These programs are sponsored through the Conservative Movement and each one offers a great summer
opportunity for informal enrichment and meaningful education.
The Jacksonville Jewish Center sent 36 children to
camp this past summer. There are many opportunities
to experience Camp Ramah Darom during the
summer. In addition to a four or eight week session
Camp Ramah Darom offers:
TASTE OF RAMAH
• An introductory program for children entering 3rd
or 4th grade to expose them to the magic of Camp
Ramah Darom.
SUMMER FAMILY CAMP
CAMP RAMAH DAROM
Eliza Aretz
Casey Balotin
Parker Balotin
Allie Bielski
Jamie Bielski
Benjamin Davis
Lily Davis
Anna Feig
Joshua Feig
Carly Gare
Brooke Gridley
Eva Gridley
Hannah Gross
Maiah Jaffa
Sydney Leach
Evan Levy
Elior Lubliner
Itamar Lubliner
Eliana Mitzmacher
Maytal Mitzmacher
Max Mizrahi
Zach Mizrahi
Montgomery Phillips
Ethan Plotkin
Zachary Rosin-Borrousch
Abigail Rotenberg
John (Remy) Sadowsky
Gil Sapolsky
Brooke Saye
Eryn Saye
Alexandra Selevan
Jacob Selevan
Elizabeth Teitelbaum
Emily Teitelbaum
Brooke Trager
Elli Trager
Noah Wasserman
Sara Wasserman
Andrew Wolpoff
Evan Wolpoff
Brooke Zimmerman
Samantha Zimmerman
• During the week, adults enjoy relaxation, recreation, and exciting classes taught by Jewish educators
while children participate in camp activities.
GRANDPARENT WEEKEND
• An opportunity to experience what your grandchildren do during the summer and leam why they love camp so much.
126
===== PAGE 129 =====
^ Vjr^Tjnnjj pT}TTf^ A'T'TdlKÍ
JKLmJr JKkm Jmmmm JKLmJr JKL «ML* iJBL «JL JH» JKkmmm T>..../ <X JRL JBL -JL JL
SUMMER PROGRAMS FOR JEWISH YOUTH
USY offers a broad variety of summer programs. Whether touring across North America on USY
on Wheels or exploring Israel and/or parts of Europe on our various Israel Pilgrimage programs, USY has
something for everyone!
USY Summer Programs provide an exciting way to explore your Jewish identity and tour North America,
Europe and Israel. Experience the beauty of Shabbat, learn about the power of Tzedakah, and gain inspiration
through creative prayer and engaging interactive Jewish learning programs.
2016 SUMMER PROGRAM PARTICIPANTS
USY on Wheels: Shira DuBow
USY on Wheels East: Jagger Leach
Ramah Israel Seminar: Aaron Kitay,
Avichai Lubliner, Ben Miller,
Ryan Mizrahi, Joey Plotkin
We would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone involved in funding our summer scholarship programs:
Abe Selber Trust Fund, Charles Palot Youth Fund, Gordon Family Scholarship, Center Israel Scholarship Fund,
Center Sisterhood, Center Youth Department, Horty T. Gendzier Men’s Club Summer Scholarship Fund, Joan
Levin Gift of Israel Program through the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, Myra Thier Lazarus Camp Ramah
Fund, Sylvia H. Shorstein Scholarship Fund, Debbie Katz Camp Ramah Scholarship Fund.
127
===== PAGE 130 =====
Setzer Youth Education
CAMP KI TOV
AT THE
JACKSONVILLE JEWISH CENTER
Pam Lewis
Upper Camp Director
Camp Ki Tov, Summer 2016, was full of fun!! We had a lot
of new faces on the staff eager to meet their campers. On the first
day of camp, the children arrived excited and ready for a memorable
summer. This summer, campers enjoyed some old favorites such as
fishing, archery, sports, and more. Some weeks we welcomed visitors
like a petting zoo, a magical pirate, and bounce houses. Other weeks
we ventured out to go to Bowl America, Rebounders, Pump It Up, and Fire Station 51. Our
new and improved L.I.T. program, headed by Lindsey Heifer proved to be a huge success. Our
L.I.T.’s had lots of fun learning leadership skills and making friendships while working with
campers and other counselors!
Each day, with varying themes such as Color Day, Wacky Wear Day, Field Trip Day, and more. Each cabin
competed with spirit and pride to win the beloved ‘spirit stick.’ We were also very fortunate to have our clergy
Rabbi Tilman, and Hazzan Holzer lead our Shabbat lunches on Friday’s with lot’s of ruach (spirit) and passion!
Our JJC clergy also joined each cabin for Judaic-related activities. We had the privilege of hosting counselors from
Israel at Camp Ki Tov and were excited about the love of Israel that they brought to our camp! As usual, we also
had a great time planning our annual Camp Ki Tov undernight/overnight!! There was special nighttime swimming,
flashlight games, and kosher s’mores!
As always, it is our goal to build long lasting memories for the children at Camp Ki Tov and we were more
than successful! Thanks to the combined efforts of the administration, our clergy, and to the loving parents. A big
shout out to our AMAZING staff of young men and women who dedicated their summer to making memories for
our campers at Camp Ki Tov.
Have a wonderful, healthy, and happy year. We look forward to creating more friendships with your
children during summer 2017 at Camp Ki Tov!!
128
===== PAGE 131 =====
Setzer Youth Education
CHALUTZIM • GRADES 4 AND 5
CHALUTZIM BOARD 2016-2017
President
Members at-large
Abigail Rotenberg
Brooke Gridley
VP SATO
Zach Hoff
Lily Davis
Jacob Morgenthal
VP Programming
Brian Charpiat
Sophia Milian
Ari Willens
Secretary
Evan Wolpoff
Avigail Barak
Blake Zaner
129
===== PAGE 132 =====
Oakláwn
wwwHardageGiddensOaklawnChapeicom
León Yergin
FAMILY SERVICE COUNSELOR
4801 SAN JOSE BOULEVARD
JACKSONVILLE, FL
32207
PHONE 904*737.7171
CELL 904.233.6103
FAX 904,737*5924
Leon.Yergin@DignityMemorialcom
-¿M
É
mm
■ '■>< /-
■
HARRIS L. RITTENBERG, D.M.D.
PHONE 5417 ORTEGA BLVD.
384-4391 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
WWW.DRRITTENBERG.COM
CALL TODAY ABOUT OUR
$18.95 SPECIAL
Weather Engineers, Inc.
Air Conditioning • Heating • Refrigeration Specialist
J. DANIEL GRIFFIN
President
1000 Edison Ave., Jacksonville, FL 32204-2819
904 356-3963 • Fax 356-4969
/V
ATLANTIC
SECURITY
Honeywell
Authorized Security Dealer
Remote Access Via a Smart Phone,
Laptop, or Tablet
NO long Term Monitoring Contracts
NO Phone Line...No Problem
UL Central Station Monitoring with TWO
Redundant Backup Stations
A+ Better Business Bureau Rating
1714 Cesery Blvd
Jacksonville, FL 32211
(904) 743-8444
UC. EF00Q1226
LIC.EF200G0570
Ryan, Marks and Stromberg Attorneys, LLP
Real Estate Purchase and Sales
Title Insurance
Leases
Wills and Probate
Business Law, Corporations and LLC Formation
3000-8 Hartley Road
Jacksonville, FL 32257
www.rvanandmarks.com
Phone: 904-262-4242
Fax: 904-262-3717
William B. Ryan, Jr.
bill@ryanandmarks.com
Jeffrey B. Marks
iejff@rvanandmarks.eom
Board Certified Real Estate Lawyer
Samuel D. Stromberg
sstromberg@bellsouth.net
The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be
based solely upon advertisement. Before you decide, ask us to send
you written information about our qualifications and experience.
Canon
Bruce Black
Account Executive
Enterprise Services & Solutions-ESS
Canon Solutions America, Inc.
10401 Deerwood Park Blvd. North
Suite 110
Jacksonville, FL 32256
rblack@csa.canon.com
904-309-1743 Cell
904-296-3330 Fax
www. csa. canon.com
130
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 133 =====
► Setzer Youth Education 4
KADIMA • GRADES 6, 7, 8
OFFICERS
PRESIDENT
Arin Nathans
SOCIAL ACTION / TIKUN OLAM VP
Maiah Jaffa
MEMBERSHIP/ PROGRAMS VP
Ariella Telser
RELIGOUS/EDUCATION VP
Eliana Mitzmacher
CONVENTION CHAIR
Allie Bielski
MEMBERS AT LARGE
Jagger Leach
Sydney Leach
131
===== PAGE 134 =====
Sawgrass
Asset Management, L.L.C.
Diversity can help us all grow.
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc,
144 Stockton Street • Jacksonville, FL 32204
Local 904-260-2444 - Toll Free 800-705-8555
24 Hour Fax 904-260-8233
°Ua*ant*
A Florida-based
Registered Investment Advisor
Serving the Investment Needs of
Institutional Clients
Throughout Florida
ANDREW M. CANTOR, CFA, Principal
DAVID A. FURFINE, CFA, Partner
1579 The Greens Way, Suite 20
Jacksonville Beach, Florida 32250
904-493-5500
Jacksonville’s #1 Supplier
of Light Bulbs
• Incandescent
Flourescent
Quartz Halogen
Metal Halide
High Pressure Sodium
Mercury Vapor
Low Pressure Sodium
Miniature
Sealed Beam
Photo
Stage/Studio
Projection
Fiber Optic
Medical
Scientific
Micrographic
Sockets
Photo Controls
Flourescent Ballasts
Electronic Ballasts
HID Ballasts
Tube Guards
Lighting Lenses
Batteries
The perfect cut, color and style
are right around the corner.
- Locations all over Jacksonville - No appointment necessary -
-100% Smile Back Guarantee -
Smart Looks. Smart Prices.™
Hair cuttery
Carl Cushnir
132
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 135 =====
► Setzer Youth Education V)
UNITED SYNAGOGUE YOUTH • GRADES 9-12
OFFICERS
PRESIDENTS
INTERNATIONAL
Ben Miller
AFFAIRS VP
Max Mizrahi
Aaron Kitay
RELIGOUS/
MEMBERSHIP/
EDUCATION VP
KADIMAVP
Hannah Silverstein
Joey Plotkin
SOCIAL ACTION/
CONVENTION CHAIR
TIKUN OLAM VP
Casey Balotin
Danielle Fetner
MEMBERS AT LARGE
COMMUNICATION VP
Josh Feig
Naomi Herman
Abby Zilberman
Rachel Spector
133
===== PAGE 136 =====
I
Setzer Youth Education 4
BOY SCOUT TROOP 14
Troop 14 continued to carry on the tradition of Jewish Scouting in a very successful 97th year for the Troop.
The Scouts attended summer camp at Boonesboro Village, a living history program at Camp Daniel Boone, North
Carolina where they experienced life skills and crafts that were common in the late-1700’s. Service projects for the
year included creation of an archery game and helping children camp at the North Florida Council Special Needs
Camporee and building an indoor garden for Hubbard House Thrift Store. A joint campout and hike with Cub Scout
Pack 14 at Fort Clinch was both fun and educational. Sam Goldstein became the 83rd Eagle Scout from Troop 14.
His Eagle Scout project was to design and plant a vegetable and butterfly garden for Chabad preschool. Many thanks
go to the Fleet family for establishing a fund at the Center this year for continued support of Scouting. Scouting is
open to all boys from 1st grade until 18 years of age. For more information, contact Scoutmaster Allan Andrew at
aandrew @ alum .mit .edu.
134
===== PAGE 137 =====
C j-i ran r~w y? T* VYiTTTnrT Cr^Tr/n A /tit/^tit
oETZER IOUTH EDUCATION
GIRL SCOUTS
The Setzer Youth Education program is proud that our Girl Scout program has grown in the last few years.
Our youngest troop, Daisy Troop 1367, spent the year bonding, learning about working together and earning badges,
petals and leaves. Our Brownies, Troop 1371, also had fun learning all kinds of new skills as they earned badges
and did projects in our community as part of a Girl Scout Leadership Journey. The 4th & 5th grade girls, Junior
Troop 1372, tried a variety of new experiences and learned new skills to earn badges. They chose a variety of
issues they cared about, then developed projects that helped to make a difference as part of a Girl Scout Leadership
Journey. Of course all our troops had another successful year selling Girl Scout cookies around the community.
What makes the Girl Scout Troops special at the Jacksonville Jewish Center is the ability to combine Jewish
perspectives with the scouting program. The skills that our girls develop through scouting help to empower them
as they grow while maintaining their Jewish identity.
135
===== PAGE 138 =====
r#
Quick Guide to Jacksonville’s
Jewish Agencies
and Synagogues
Beth-El The Beaches Synagogue 273-9100
Chabad-Lubavitch 262-6641
Congregation Ahavath Chesed 733-7078
Etz Chaim Synagogue 262-3565
Jacksonville Jewish News 262-1971
Jewish Community Alliance 730-2100
Jewish Community Foundation of
Northeast Florida 394-0720
Jewish Family & Community Services 448-1933
Jewish Federation of Jacksonville 448-5000
Mount Carmel Gardens 733-6696
River Garden Senior Services 260-1818
136
===== PAGE 139 =====
iSH Center Express Phone Ser
The main number for the JJC switchboard is 292-1000. When all circuits are busy, a recorded message
will offer step-by-step instructions for the extension of your choice. We have also included staff emails
for your convenience.
HERE IS A LIST OF HELPFUL PHONE EXTENSIONS AND EMAIL ADDRESSES:
110 Rose Tincher, Director of 1st Impressions
rtincher@jaxjewishcenter.org
142 Margo’s Catering
margoscatering@aol .com
112 Gilbert Kleiner, FSA, Executive Director 143 Dina Kirshbaum,
gkleiner@jaxjewishcenter.org
113 Lori Schoettler,
Director of Finance and Operations
lschoettler@jaxjewishcenter.org
115 Rabbi Jonathan Lubliner
jlubliner@jaxjewishcenter.org
115 Danielle Berke, Clergy
Executive Assistant
dberke@jaxjewishcenter.org
116 Sarah Zakikhani, Martin J. Gottlieb
Day School Assistant
sarah.zakikhani@jaxjewishcenter.org
117 Leslie Manucy, Bookkeeping Dept.
lmanucy@jaxjewishcenter.org
118 Rabbi Jim Rogozen,
Head of the Galinsky Academy
j i m .rogozen @ mjgds .org
133 Gabrielle Magid, Youth Director
gmagid@jaxjewishcenter.org
DuBow Preschool Executive Assistant
dkirshbaum@dubowpreschool.org
146 Lois Tompkins, Religious School Director
ltompkins@jaxjewishcenter.org
147 Nancy Davis,
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Institutional Advancements Coordinator
nancy.davis@mjgds.org
148 Robyn Sabatt-Waring,
Martin J. Gottlieb Day School
Executive Assistant
roby n .waring @ mj gds .org
150 Brent Ganey, Facilities Supervisor
bganey@jaxjewishcenter.org
151 Betsy Hancock, Bookkeeping Dept.
bhancock@jaxjewishcenter.org
152 Sisterhood Judaica Shop
153 Hazzan Jesse Holzer
jholzer@jaxjewishcenter.org
134 Rabbi Howard Tilman
htilman@jaxjewishcenter.org
155 Ivy Kfare, Marketing and
Communication Coordinator
ikfare@jaxjewishcenter.org
137
===== PAGE 140 =====
“your friends in the Car Business Since 1941
NIMIMICHT
jíi'BUICK I OMC
11503 Philips Hwy • (904) 733-1616
www.nimnichtbuickgmc.com
Free Meal on Us!
Free Breakfast or
Lunch from Our
Café
With Purchase. Max Value $10.
Monday-Saturday, 7:30-2:30.
NIMNICHT
CHEVROLET
1550 Cassat Avenue • (904) 387-4041
www.nimnichtchevy.com
138
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 141 =====
Members of the Jacksonville Jewish Center
3662 Crown Point Road • Jacksonville, FL 32257 • Phone: (904) 292-1000 or 268-4200 • Fax: (904) 268-5292
This is for informational purposes. It is not intended to be a roster of the Center Membership.
As of September I 3, 201 6
139
===== PAGE 142 =====
EMBASSY
SUITES
by HILTON"
Jacksonville Baymeadows
9300 Baymeadows Road, Jacksonville, FL 32256 904-731-3555 www.embassysuites.com
;||| TWO-ROOM SUITES i(Q| COMPLIMENTARY DRINKS .0; FREE MADE-TO-ORDER BREAKFAST
*Service of alcohol subject to state and local laws. Must be of legal drinking age, © 2014 Hilton Worldwide
HILTON
HHONORS
ENJOY A WARM WELCOME FROM EMBASSY SUITES
At Embassy Suites by Hilton Jacksonville Baymeadows, we always take
special care of our guests. Whether you're traveling for business or
leisure, you'll enjoy a free made-to-order breakfast, indoor pool and
whirlpool, free parking and our complimentary Evening Reception*. We
have 277 spacious two-room guest suites. All suites include a private
bedroom and separate living area and have a mini refrigerator, coffee
maker & microwave. Looking for the perfect event venue? We offer
excellent banquet & catering services. Don’t delay contact us TODAY!
140
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 143 =====

===== PAGE 144 =====
"We are grateful for all the support from the
Jacksonville Jewish Center members"
David Chen, Owner
We wish you a happy and healthy new year
Visit our website at
kazujapaneserestaurant.com
9965 San Jose Blvd, #35
Jacksonville, FL 32257
Tel: (904)683-9903
(904)738-7985
142
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 145 =====

===== PAGE 146 =====
PartyCity.
NOBODY HAS MORE PARTY FOR LESS
biggest selection
AT THE
LOWEST PRICES!
Party Supplies, Party Favors,
Balloons & Helium, Cards, Invitations,
Gift Wrap, Seasonal Decorations,
Catering Supplies,
Costume Shop Open Year 'Round
Open 7 Days • 6 Nights
11112-12 San Jose Blvd.
9400 Atlantic Blvd.
262-2800 425-3124 777-1318
6001 Argyle Forest Blvd.
144
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 147 =====

===== PAGE 148 =====
ERICA JOLLES, MSW
REALTOR - HAPPINESS MAKER
ROUND TABLE REALTY
O Learn more about me: http://youtu.be/SMWNhTI3K88
MOBILE (904) 652-5978 | OFFICE (904) 469-7653 | ERICA@SELLSJAX.COM
ROUND
TABLE
REALTY
146
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 149 =====

===== PAGE 150 =====
Jacksonville
Orthopaedic
INSTITUTE
Northeast Florida’s most
respected name in orthopaedics®
Wishing your family a happy
and healthy new year!
Appointment request line:
904-JOI-2000
JOI provides high quality, comprehensive services for individuals
of all ages in order to promote and restore health and fitness
to the highest level of function.
joi.net
SPORTS MEDICINE PROVIDER
JAGUARS
w mm
Garry S. Kitay, MD
Hand, elbow & shoulder
minimally invasive and
joint replacement surgery
microvascular surgery
SAN MARCO
JOIN US ON FACEBOOK
m
148
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 151 =====

===== PAGE 152 =====
Daniel L Wohl, M.D.
Pediatric Otolaryngology Associates
specializing in Ear, Nose and Throat
Medicine and Surgery for children
located in Mandarin
serving the greater Jacksonville community
Sunbeam Professional Park
4114 Sunbeam Road, Suite 403
wwvuent4kids.net (904) 262-7“ENT”(7368)
A Division of North Florida Surgeons
Eliot J. Safer
Attorney at Law
DUSS KENNEY
SAFER HAMPTON & JOOS, PA
4348 South point Boulevard
Suite 101
Jacksonville, Florida 32216
Telephone: 904.543.4300
Facsimile: 904.543.4301
Email: esafer@jaxfirm.com
150
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 153 =====

===== PAGE 154 =====
SI? MUGWUMP
V, PRODUCTIONS
EVENT DÉCOR & DESIGN
904.398.9971 I MUGWUMPPRODUCTIONS.COM
WE TRANSFORM ORDINARY SPACES INTO UNIQLJI
MEMORABLE EVENTS THROUGH OUR EXTENSIVE
INVENTORY OF ONE OF A KIND DÉCOR
Event Decor & Design
Themed Events
3D Props
Casino Parties
Event Furniture
Weddings
Bar/Bat Mitzvahs
Proms
Audio Visual
Lighting
904.398.9971 | MUGWUMPPRODUCTIONS.COM I INFO@MUGWUMPPRODUCTIONS.COM
152
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 155 =====

===== PAGE 156 =====
hi mm
!025 San
Jacksonville,
Open:
7am - 7pm Mon
9am - 3pm Sat.
e Bl
2257
■ ^ •
FRENCH CUISINE CHARCUTERIE CRAFT COCKTAILS AWARD WINNING WINE LIST
OPEN AT 4P DAILY / 11AM ON SUNDAY
3630 PARK STREET
HISTORIC AVONDALE
RESTAURANTORSAY.COM
904.381.0909
154
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 157 =====

===== PAGE 158 =====
Total Comfort Solutions, Inc.
Commercial & Industrial HVAC Services
Air Conditioning • Heating • Ventilation • Controls
• Responsive & Dependable Service
MIKE CREWS
Suite 316
3545-1 St.Johns Bluff Rd.S.
Jacksonville, Florida 32224
PRESIDENT
Phone (904)620-9130
Fax (904)642-0224
Florida State Certified Mechanical - CMC 1249241
Fanatics
OFFICIAL
PARTNER
FANATICS.COM
BEST WISHES FOR A HAPPY S HEALTHY NEW YEAR
156
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 159 =====

===== PAGE 160 =====
STAY SAFE!
Wishing you a sweet and safe New Year from
GET CPR/AED TRAINING. Florida is one of the few states
that does not require this life saving education.
AVOID exposure to Carbon Monoxide (CO),
never leave your car running in a garage and never use
portable generators inside the home.
CHANGE the batteries in your smoke detectors
every six months.
Keep grilling outside and NEVER unattended.
Store propane tanks away from any heat source.
DO NOT leave a child or pet in a locked car, the
temperature can reach 100 degrees in minutes.
LOL, OMG, RIP - Don’t text and drive.
Thank you for your support!
FirehouseSubs.com/Foundation
Follow us: @savinglives
Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation ^üaídaTI0^
The Heart of Firehouse Subs
1-800-780-1555 (904) 354-4448
8081 Philips Highway, Suite 20 • Jacksonville, Florida 32256
www.ehthompson.comshop.ehthompson.com
China, Glass & Silver
Kitchen Supplies
Bar Equipment
Chemicals
Refrigerators
Equipment
Paper & Plastic
Furniture
Custom Fabrication
Bakery Equipment
EE.H. Thompson Company
an INNOVATIVE FOODSERVICE.
Serving the Jacksonville Area Since 1912
158
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 161 =====

===== PAGE 162 =====
A morning on the course, an afternoon on the beach.
Your gathering place on the St. Johns River
GATE H HOSPITALITY
THE LANDMARK CLUBS of NORTH FLORIDA gatehospitality. com
EPPING-FOREST
YACHT& COUNTRY CLUB
UNWIND WELL.
There’s no question you deserve it.
The only question is which of our premier
membership dubs is right for your life.
To schedule a private tour, call
Joan Sykora at 904.2737735.
Easy and relaxed. The perfect beach retreat.
Networking high above the city.
The River Club
160
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 163 =====

===== PAGE 164 =====
Laura A. Giovannetti
P. L
Marital and Family Law
4720 Salisbury Road • Jacksonville, FL 32256
Phone: 904.268.7300
Email: Laura@LAGPL.com
Website: www.LAGPL.com
ADLER
INTERIOR DESIGN
ASSOCIATES
Right At Home, for
Every Space and Lifestyle
2434 Atlantic Boulevard • Jacksonville, FL 32207
Ph: 904.346.0550
www.adlerdesigninc.com
162
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 165 =====

===== PAGE 166 =====
It s Easy As 1-2-3
TO BO PEST FREE.
TOTAL HOME PROTECTION
Ask about our convenient "ONCE-A-YEAR" programs
Termites
• Subterranean
• Formosan
• Drywood
• Pre-Construction Wood
& Soil Treatments
• REPAIR & RETREATMENT
BONDS AVAILABLE
Pests
* Ants j Roaches | Fleas
* Carpenter Ant Specialists
» Annually, Quarterly, Monthly
Fire Ants
• Guaranteed Annual
Fire Ant Program
for Lawns
BRANDON
Pest Control
Beaches 285.6362
St. Augustine 826.4362
Orange Park 272.1920
Fernandina 261.8880
Palm Coast 447.0013
CALL FOR A FREE INSPECTION
739.9916
TERMIDOR* 2941 Dawn Rd. | Jacksonville FL 32207
WWW, .PESTFREE. .com
Call us for all your cleaning needs.
You never know when the unexpected
will happen.
Carpet Cleaning....Tile Floor
Cleaning....Wood Floor
Cleaning....Furniture & Drapery
Cleaning
|f)roces¡s¡ Jílaáter, 3fnc.
Family owned and operated for over 31 years.
(904) 725-0440
No occasion necessary.
• •
• • .»
■
PRIVATE DINING & CATERING AVAILABLE.
IN A HURRY?
Try Taverna on the Go and enjoy boxed
lunches available for pick-up or delivery.
. "• . .,a **. a—
Visit www.taverna.restaurant for details.
SAN MARCO SQ. 904.398.3005 TAVERNA.RESTAURANT
Handcrafted Italian
164
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 167 =====

===== PAGE 168 =====
Now avaiCa6Ce at Evergreen Cemetery
Memorials of the Hebrew Faith
We have sought out
and found new granite
suppliers that allow us
to offer quality
memorials at very
affordable prices. If you are in
need of a memorial let Evergreen
pass the savings on to you.
Call 353-3649
4535 Main Street Jacksonville
166
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 169 =====

===== PAGE 170 =====
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR, inc.
JACKSONVILLE. FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 388-2696
MECHANICAL CONTRACTOR PLUMBING CONTRACTOR
CMC008140 CFC09184
GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (352) 372-3963
ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (904) 810-5918
ORLANDO, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (407) 841-4670
TALLAHASSEE, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (850) 385-3984
DAYTONA, FLORIDA
TELEPHONE: (386) 322-4511
524 STOCKTON STREET
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA 32204
SPECIALIZING IN INDUSTRIAL PROCESS AND POWER PIPING,
ENVIRONMENTAL BALANCE AND CONTROL,
AUTOMATED TEMPERATURE CONTROL SYSTEMS,
HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING, AND PLUMBING
168
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 171 =====

===== PAGE 172 =====
Invest in a
Good Night’s Sleep
At B&C Financial Advisors, our honest approach
means our clients know their expectations, exactly
what investments they own, and exactly where
their money is. And they don't get fleeced by
commissioned advisors. Your retirement dreams
don't have to be full of sleepless nights.
www.BandCfinancial.com | Call us at 904.273.9850
110 Professional Drive, Suite 101, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32082
Invest in a Good Night's Sleep
170
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 173 =====

===== PAGE 174 =====
The Only Free Standing Skilled Nursing Facility in Florida To Earn 8 Gold Seal Awards
So Why Would You Co Anywhere Else?
RIVERGARDEN I Senior Services
Rehabilitation
Adult Day Care
Home Health Care
Long-Term Care
Memory Care
Independent Living
EIGHT-TIME RECIPIENT OF THE PRESTIGIOUS
GOVERNOR'S GOLD SEAL AWARD
FOR EXCELLENCE IN LONG-TERM CARE
BEST
NURSING HOMES
AGENCY FOR HEALTH CARE ADMINISTRATION
A 5-STAR RATED COMMUNITY
CENTERS FOR MEDICARE and MEDICAID SERVICES
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
Rehabilitation
Adult Day Care
Personalized
Care
With
Exceptional
Results
904-886-8454
rivergarden.org/rehab
904-288-7858
Peace of Mind
in a
Supportive
Environment
rivergarden.org/adultday
Home Health Care
Enabling
Clients
to Remain
Independent
at Home
904-288-7851
rivergarden.org/homehealth
Independent Living
Elegant
Retirement
Living for
Active
Seniors
904-292-2683 • rivergarden.org/coves
Jewish Dietary Laws Observed
A beneficiary agency of the Jewish Federation of Jacksonville
11401 Old St. Augustine Road • Jacksonville, FL 32258 • 904-260-1818 • www.rivergarden.org
172
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 175 =====

===== PAGE 176 =====
174
===== PAGE 177 =====

===== PAGE 178 =====

===== PAGE 179 =====

===== PAGE 180 =====

===== PAGE 181 =====

===== PAGE 182 =====

===== PAGE 183 =====
181
===== PAGE 184 =====

===== PAGE 185 =====

===== PAGE 186 =====

===== PAGE 187 =====

===== PAGE 188 =====

===== PAGE 189 =====

===== PAGE 190 =====
SHANAH TOVAH
FROM
the everyth i nq
to market your business.
print marketing
LOGO DESIGN
BUSINESS CARDS
BROCHURES
DIRECT MAIL
AND MUCH MORE!
D
A
v : !
digital marketing
WEB DESIGN * SEO * SEM
MOBILE WEBSITE * APR DEVELOPMENT
LISTING MANAGEMENT
REPUTATION MANAGEMENT
SOCIAL MEDIA AND MUCH MORE!
office: 904.452.8252 • www.yourbestmedia.com • HowardW@yourbestmedia.com
188
Please Mention the Center Yearbook when Patronizing Our Advertisers
===== PAGE 191 =====
fl
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
of Our Beloved
Parents and Grandparents
Elayne and Marty Brown
Remembered for all the love you gave.
Always a part of our lives.
Alison Brown
Alvin & Yolanda
Alexandra, Zachary, Michael, Marcie
Dylan & Mason Brown
Felicia & Shelby Reed
189
===== PAGE 192 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Raymond & Dorothy Cohen
“Those we hold closest to our hearts never truly leave us.
They live on in the kindness they have shared
and the love they brought into our lives ”
Dr. Jerry & Sherry Cohen Peggy & Ken Organes Karen & Todd Morse
Tavi & Grant Mcleod David Organes Benjamin Morse
Shannon & Evan
Michael & Michelle Cohen Rachel & William Kenneth
Matthew & Cristela
Marsha Cohen
Maci Morse
Trudy Morse
190
===== PAGE 193 =====
In Loving Memory of
Sylvia “Tootsie” Hecht
Stuart Hecht Milton Hecht
Larry, Rose
Benjamin, Jacob
Rozie, Faye, Dan, Milly & Ellen
===== PAGE 194 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Walter H. Kraemer
Forever in our hearts.
Sylvia Kraemer
Dr. Frederick & Linda Kraemer
Marcia & Howard Kalman
Sarah & Dave Piries
Amy Kalman
James Kraemer
Mark & Iris Kraemer
Elissa Kraemer
Kenny & Ashley Kraemer
Jonah Kraemer
===== PAGE 195 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Don Kriss
Beloved Son, Husband, Father, Grandfather, Brother, and Uncle
You will always be in our hearts and never forgotten
we miss you every day
Love Janet, Leah, John and Finley,
Joel, llene & Jim,
Rhonda & Jewell and family,
Aron & Sharon and family
193
===== PAGE 196 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Bennie and Oren Margol
1927-2015 1965-2013
Say not in grief, “He is no more, ”
But live in thankfulness that he was.
With loving memories and forever in our hearts.
Eden & Joel
Barbara
Drew & Michelle
Gabrielle, Lauren & Brandon
Seth, Yitzak, Asher, Yoni, Yakov, Yushoua
Lane Oren Strumlauf
===== PAGE 197 =====
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Helene & Daniel Pollan
We will always miss your warm smiles and big hugs. But all
of our cherished memories of you will never fade because
you are gone. For as long as there is memory, grandpa and
grandma, you will live forever in our hearts. And all the
love you created will remain with us, as love, itself, lives on.
We love and miss you,
Adina, Adria, Jason, Megan, Rebekah, Jakob
Art & Loretta, Edward, Stephen, Irv & Susan
===== PAGE 198 =====
In Loving Memory of
Joni Shmunes
In Loving Memory of
Marilyn Yudowin
Max & Jean Shmunes
Harry Shmunes, Adam & Kim Shmunes,
Doronne & liana Shmunes Perras, Ross Shmunes
===== PAGE 199 =====
In Memory of
Alan Taffet
Our journey was beautiful
Your life was especially meaningful to so many people
We will love you and miss you forever.
Ina
and Sister, Joyce (Marvin) Naparstek; Brothers, Stephen (Estelle)
and Clifford (Frances) Taffet, and our Families
===== PAGE 200 =====
In Memoriam
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Baker
His Loving Family
Audrey Baker
Scott, Maureen
Reid, Suzette, Ryan, Jared & Chad Baker
Len, Claudia & Gabrielle Magid
Ben, Natalie, Mathew & Emily Baker
In Loving Memory of
Ben Edwards
Devoted father, grandfather
great-grandfather and friend
Martin & Betty Edwards
Angela & Joshua
Anita Steinfeld
David & Karen Steinfeld
Michael & Jordan
Jules Smith
Steven & Debbie Steinfeld
Brett & Rachel
198
===== PAGE 201 =====
f ►— In Me morí am
First they came for the Communists
and I did not speak out because / was not a Communist.
Then they came for the Trade unionists and I did not speak out
because I was not a Trade Unionist.
Then they came for the Jews and I did not speak out
because I was not a Jew.
Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak for me
~ Pastor Martin Niemoller
All of our family and
the 6 million others who
tragically lost their lives.
Phyllis & Bob Fischer
In Loving Memory of
Norman P. Freedman
Beloved Husband, Father and Grandfather
“He left this world seven years ago, but in truth
he is not gone. We see him every day in Michael’s
eyes, in Barney’s smile, in Grace’s love of reading
and in Hope’s undeniable skill at cards.
We encircle each other with the love he gave
to us and that love lives on and on. ”
Carol, Karen, Michael, Barney
Grace & Hope Freedman
199
===== PAGE 202 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Wilbur Margol
You are always in our hearts.
Marilyn
Kim & David Wendy & Fred
Rodney & Lee Lonnie
and all his grandchildren
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Herbert Robert Kolb
& Lottie Schwartz Kolb
Beloved Parents and Grandparents
We will always remember you with
the deepest love and gratitude.
Edward, Millie, Sam & Jonathan Tannen
200
===== PAGE 203 =====
1
In Loving Memory and
In Our Hearts F ore ver
Raela & Norman Moss
Frank & Arlene Moss
Sheldon & Elyne Moss
Rosanne and Andy Kauss
and Families
In loving memory of a wonderful caring husband,
father, grandfather and great grandfather
JACK PRICE
Miriam,
Ned & Sue,
Michael, Susan,
Robert & Sandy
201
===== PAGE 204 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of Our
Fathers, Grandfathers & Great Grandfathers
Jerry Zucker
Leon Zucker
Carl Goldberg
Anita Zucker
Jonathan, Laura, Jeremy & Gabriella Zucker
Andrea, Stella, Daisy & Jerry Muzin
Jeffrey & Jessica Zucker
In Loving Memory of
Lewis “Lukie” Ansbacher
Sadie & David Barnett
Lillian & Morris Ansbacher
Herman & Sybil S. Barnett
Shirley B. Ansbacher
Jordan & Shirley Ansbacher
Sybil Ansbacher
Barry, Lisa & Lily Pop Ansbacher
Richard & Terry Ansbacher
Lawrence & Nicole Ansbacher
In Loving Memory of
Edith & Milton Berman
Alan Berman
David Randy Berman
Doris & Ray Klepper
Deborah K. Sampson
Donald R. Sampson
Anna S. Weiss
Charles & Eleanor Berman
202
===== PAGE 205 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Leigh Brody
Beloved Husband, Father & Papa Leigh
Rose & Morse Epstein
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Michele Susan Levitt
Gloria Brody
Betty & Samuel Kersun
Scott & Allison Brody
Judith Lieberman
Lillie, Joe & Aidan
Faye & Steven Mizrahi
Michael & Mimi Kersun
Hannah & Eli
Sam, Allison & Michael
In Loving Memory of our
Parents and Grandparents
Linda H. Edelstein
In Loving Memory of
Lester Edelstein
Julius Finegold
In Loving Memory of our
Beloved Husband, Father and
Miriam Price
Brother-in-law
Robert Finegold
Walker L. Whaley
Sandy Weisstein
Sandy & Bobbi
Mindy & Rachel
|,
203
===== PAGE 206 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Fletcher
Julius Fletcher
Debbye Lorenzo
Dale Fletcher
In Loving Memory of Our
Parents and Grandparents
Harriet Pilton Gerson
Ernest A. Pilton
Sophie Rosen
Harry Rosen
Harry Ruby
Anna Glickstein Pilton
Always a part of our lives.
Gary, Sandi
Brad & Todd Fletcher
Juan & Jason Lorenzo
Margo & Stanley Ruby
Andrew & Catrina Ruby
Holly & Gordon Silva
Allen Ruby
Paula Warner
In Loving Memory of
Maxine W. Funk
Ethel & Irving Funk
Sophie & Joe Witten
Jerry Funk
Amy, Jordan & Abbie Peterson
In Loving Memory of
S. William “Bill” Goldstein
Beverly Goldstein
Very special parents
and grandparents
Jeffrey & Doris Goldstein
Max, Aliza, Ellen Houman & Parisa
Nancie & Mark Severs
David, Aaron, Megan & Wesley
Noah, Sumalai & Terran William
Janet Goldstein & lian
Lynn & Lenny Maiman
Faye, Neil & Elana
204
===== PAGE 207 =====
1
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Jack Huttner
Sol & Use Gottlieb
Sidney & Anne Rubens
Marty Gottlieb
Ben Gottlieb
Sylvia Gottlieb
Hannah Furman
Irving Furman
The Gottlieb Family
Gail & Paul Furman
Liza & Perry Kale
In Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Martin H. Setzer
Devoted Fathers
and Grandfathers
In Loving Memory of
Lovee Kliman
In Memory of
Charlotte Bernard Setzer
Devoted Mother
and Grandmother
“Grace was in all her steps...
In every gesture dignity and love.”
Hy Kliman
Marvin Kliman
Marilyn Kliman
Ellen & Barry Setzer
Dena & Jason Rosen
1
205
===== PAGE 208 =====
In Memoriam
1
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Parents & Grandparents
Stuart Lipsky
Bessie Setzer Lipsky
Vernon Gwynne
Bruce & Jan Lipsky
Rusty & Jessie Felter
Eric & Emma Dreyer
Mark & Iris Lipsky
Steven, Cindy & Jean Lipsky
Murry Lipsky
In Loving Memory of
Ranit Krinsky Lubliner
Estelle Heilman Krinsky
William Krinsky
Rabbi Immanuel Lubliner
Rabbi Jonathan &
Susan Krinsky Lubliner
Avichai, Elior & Itamar
\%
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
& Grandparents
Blanche & Sam Marks
Madelaine & Joseph Reiss
Alan, Jo & Josh Marks
Stacie, Sam, Melinda
Ben & Leo Linsky
Jennie & Chandler Rose Gailey
In Loving Memory of
David Mizrahi
Beloved Husband, Dad & Papa
Forever in our Hearts
Always in our thoughts.
Judith B. Mizrahi
Steven & Faye Mizrahi
Hannah & Eli
Ronald & Amy Mizrahi
Mordechai, Hanna & Raphael
Dennis & Betsy Mizrahi
Rachel & Evelyn
206
===== PAGE 209 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Our Dear Brother
David Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
Ginette & Charles Mizrahi
In Loving Memory of
Edna and Morton Maltz
Carole & Lawrence Ort
Robbie Price
Howard, Leah & Michael Maltz
Lewis, Andrea & Jordan Price
Genna, Russ & Hannah Lancaster
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Evelyn & Ralph Mizrahi
Ginette & Charles Mizrahi
Judith B. Mizrahi
Debby & Alan Katz
In Loving Memory of
Byron Morris
Beloved Husband, Dad & Gramps
Jan Morris
We remember the wonderful times we
shared, their precious smiles & special love.
Sonya Morris
Jerald Morris
Debbie Simkin
Daren, Shana, Daniel, Emily, Jacob
Byron and Rebecca Barbara Simkin
Jeffery & Robin Morris
Aliza & Zachary Morris
Shira, Doron, Noa Sylvia
Vered Ida & Eitan Byron Stember
Joel & Carol Morris
Lindsay & Mike Snyder
Hallie Morris
mmmm
207
===== PAGE 210 =====
In Memory of
Isser & Rae Price
Jack Price
Todd Price
Israel & Pauline Schemer
Stanley Paul Evans
Francine Kohrn
Judy Price
Morris Schemer
Esther Fishier
In Loving Memory of
Morris Rosenblatt
Ruth Strugger Rosenblatt
Joseph Heilpern
Charlotte Heilpern Weisburger
Anna Heilpern
Roy Weisburger
Dr. Elias Rosenblatt
Gerald & Florence Schemer
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Judy Price
Jack Price
my Beloved Wife
Ruth Heilpern Rosenblatt
Ned & Sue
Susan & Michael
November 28, 2012
14 Kislev, 5773
Dr. Elias Rosenblatt
208
===== PAGE 211 =====
In Memoriam
B
In Memory of
Neil Sager
Beloved Husband, Dad & Poppy
Frances & Joseph Sager
Beatrice & Charles Mergner
Beloved Parents, Grandparents
and Great-Grandparents
Forever in our hearts
Always in our thoughts
Gaye Sager, Todd Sager
Jennifer, Andy, Alyssa
& Ashley Zunic
In Loving Memory of
Louis Leon Schemer
Lillian Spanier Schemer
Irving Legum
Clara Bell Spanier
Tessie Spanier Sacks
Rose Spanier Schwartz
Miriam Schwartz Hollins
Melvin Hollins
Herbert Irving Schwartz
Peggy Schemer Sussman
Morris Schemer
Dorothy S. Legum
In Loving Memory of
Saul Scharf Father
Beatrice Scharf Mother
Nollie Hinton Father
Burt Aptheker Uncle
Sylvia Aptheker Aunt
Hari Scharf Uncle
Edward Hodz Uncle
Blanche Scharf Aunt
Aaron Scharf Uncle
Elsbeth Hodz Aunt
Barry Sinoff Dear Friend
Michael & Janet Scharf
In Loving Memory of
Nathan Schneider
Thelma Schneider
Rose & Albert Ehrlich
Judith Ehrlich Schwartz
Barbara & Michael Schneider
Lisa & Dan
Ivy, Joshua & Nathan
Stefanie
209
===== PAGE 212 =====
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Max & Ida Spitz
Harry & Celia Slott
Sandra Schwartz
Lori Scardino
Bill and Irene Neadle
Blanche & Louis Slott
Harriette & Abe Levin
Miriam & Ben Edwards
Sidney Berkowitz
Fanny & Charles Rubenstein
Susan and Jeff Neadle
Rene Montaigne
Marvin Slott & Chuck Slott
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Parents and Sister
In Loving Memory of
Phyllis Strumlauf
David B. Silverman
Gladys C. Silverman
Alexander (AL) H. Edwards
Miriam Edwards
Joyce Silverman Rosenthal
We will never forget you.
George Strumlauf
Ross Strumlauf
Lane & Melissa
Brooke, Faith & Hunter
Beth & Daryl Walter
Judy & Stephen Silverman
Noah & Jesse
210
===== PAGE 213 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory
of our Parents
Dr. Harry & Rudy Yergin
Sam & Doris Kraver
Cathy & Bruce Yergin
In Loving Memory
of our beloved parents
Rose & Morris Baumgarten
Honeybunch & Harry Sneider
Rita & Harold Baumgarten
In Loving Memory of
Morton Benjamin
James Joseph Boyle
John E. Boyle
Jerold A. Boyle
Vera Vastine Boyle
Mary Etta Seeba
Ellen Blottman
Joshua Mitchell
Vera Benjamin
In Memory of
Harry B. Verstandig
Jennifer V. Rutansky
Always Missed, Loved,
and In Our Hearts
Dorothy Verstandig
Joe, Elizabeth, & Jake Rutansky
Lauren & Dillon Perez
Wendy, Jeff, Mami, Brooke, &
Gil Sapolsky
In Memory of
Suzi Lissner Bernard
Rudy & Betty Moss
Ann & Danny Lissner
Mike & Deanna Lissner
In Loving Memory of
Stephen Broadman
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Ruchel, Melissa
Jennifer, Jay, Suzanne, Eric
Georgette, Nathan
Max, Miriam & Joshua
211
===== PAGE 214 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Suzanne & Phillip Coplan
Mr. & Mrs. Alvin M. Coplan
Carole, Susan & Lisa
In Loving Memory of our
parents and grandparents
Sidney & Lois Gefen
Barbara & Larry Jaffe, Brad, Josh
& Samantha Zimmerman
Sandy, Brooke & Leah Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of my Beloved Husband
our Beloved Fathers
Grandfathers and Great-Grandfathers
Barry C. Dacks
George M. Bernstein
Murray R. Dacks
In Loving Memory of our Mother
Grandmother and Great Grandmother
Phyllis Dacks
Linda, Greg, Jayson, Brenna
Jack & Carson Dacks
In Loving Memory of
Louis Gillman
Rosalyn Gillman
Earl Levitin
Adele Levitin
Maxene & Marvin Gillman
In Loving Memory of
Claire Kerben Gerald Horowitz
Anita Garfinkel Sid Garfinkel
Renee Horowitz Herman Horowitz
Pauline Newman Arthur Newman
Rose Garfinkel Benjamin Garfinkel
Rae Michaels Morris Michaels
Randy & Paula Garfinkel
In Loving Memory of
Robert Goldberg Margorie Goldberg
David Goldberg Irwin Goldberg
Alfred Nathan Gertrude Nathan
Carole Goldberg
David, Cassie, Nathan, Lily & Gaby Goldberg
Eric, Sherry, Roen & Bria Goldberg
Lane & Allison Goldberg
In Loving Memory of
Bryna & Mosha Gaston
Reba & Manny Ruben
Ruth Golkow
Grace, Basie, Sidney & Melvin Hoffman
William Davis & Kathlyn Davis Benjamin
Marvin, Sylvia & Johnathan Davis
Paul Davis
In Loving Memory of
Sam & Ann Greenburg
Sandy Greenburg Shapiro
Beatrice Rothberg
Bernice Rothberg
Dr. Max Rothberg
Paul Rothberg
Richard Rothberg
Chary & Michael Greenburg and Family
212
===== PAGE 215 =====
'iüiM
iiMít Sí § Üt!
In Loving Memory of
Bernard & Bobbie Heyman
Stan & Robyn Heyman & David Bloom
Dena Heyman, Helen Heyman
George Henderson
Nancy, Todd, Brandon & Mick Tarchis
In Loving Memory of Beloved Wife, Mother
Grandmother & Great-Grandmother
Elaine Koolik
Forever in our hearts, always in our thoughts.
Jack Koolik
Bonnie & Neil Sandler
Scott, Paul, Zach, Dustin & Brooke Lynn
Susan & Edward Pilcer
Matthew, Amanda, & Olivia
Helene Saphire
Emily, Robert & Erika
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Edward & Elsbeth Hodz
Gene Kornblum
Leon & Etta Rothenberg
Abraham & Eva Hodz
Bernie and Martha Allen
Leon & Hilda Zeifman
Bruce Allen
Henry & Rachel Moses
Julius and Mitzi Kornblum
Max & Esther Zeifman
Matthew Kornblum
Linda Zeifman
Marshall & Elaine Hodz
Annetta Kornblum and Family
In Loving Memory of
In Loving Memory of
Perry Kantor
Anna Koropova & Lev Koropov
Serafima Kaplan & Samuel Brunfon
Fannie Kantor Nachman
Pearl & David Skulsky
Martin Sack Jr.
Mariam & Joseph Kaplan
Mrs. Martin Sack Jr.
Inna Koropova
Polina, Yefim, Simon, Igor
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Kantor
Rachel, Liya & Elliana
Remembering the
In Loving Memory of
Karow Family
Ann, Mack, Bob and Jerome
Nathan Krestul
Remembering the
Beloved Husband, Father and Zayde.
Singer Family
Diana, Joe, Norman, Mark and Esther
Doris & Fred Singer
Carolyn Krestul and Family
213
===== PAGE 216 =====
8
In Memorjam
In Loving Memory of
Fannie Levin
Julius Levin
Philip Plotkin
Sara Plotkin
Robert Plotkin
In Loving Memory of
Edward Parker
David & Marcia Wilt
Larry & Stacie Wilf and Family
Rose Lynn & Herb Plotkin and Family
In Loving Memory of
David R. Lewis
Beloved Husband, Father & Grandfather.
And our Beloved Parents & Brother George.
Phyllis Paul Lewis
Leslie, Rick, Sarah
& Jason Kirkwood
Scott & Billie Lewis
In Loving Memory of
Beulah and Louis Goldman
Harry and Fannie Peltz,
Lois and Mitchell Peltz,
Bette Peltz Trager,
Richard Bell, Lisa Bell,
Norma Bell, Brian, Robyn,
Madyson and Levi Bell
In Loving Memory of
Freída & Sam Lovitz
Anne & Bill DuBow
Donald Lovitz
George Cohen
Barbara Asher
Florence Skop
Barbara Baker Torres
The DuBow Family
In Loving Memory of
Herman & Zelda Rosenberg
Joseph & Marianne DeFalco
Jeannine DeFalco
Mollie Rosenberg
Debbie Katz
Howard Wolpin
...and in our hearts forever!
Sandy, Joanne, & Jillian Rosenberg
Lindsay & Justin Mastrangelo
Whitney & Ross Howayeck
In Loving Memory of
Milton Millrood
Sylvia Millrood
Debby & Don Kaye
Abby & David Pinsky & Family
Alicia & Jesse Rauchwarger & Family
In Loving Memory of
Susan M. Roey
Louis & Rene Roey
Barney & Rachel Margolin
David Benjamin
Sophia Lyn Roey
Howard Roey
Josh, Rachel & Jodi Nevers
Melissa, Sarah & Ben Miller
Richie, Jennifer & Sadie Roey
214
===== PAGE 217 =====
In Memoriam
In Loving Memory of
Rabbi Ben Zion Eliahu &
Sonia Rosman
Olga & Albert Lazar
David Lazar
Larry Lazar
Naomi Lazar
In Memory of
Dr. Roy Julius Sloat
Devoted Husband & Loving Father
Irene Sloat
Lisa & Hank
Lauren
In Loving Memory of
Harry Schemer
Loving Husband, Father & Grandfather
Frances Schemer
Kim & Hal Schemer
Marty & Tammy Schemer
Rachel, Zach, Leslie & Sarah
In Loving Memory of Husband, Father
Grandfather and Great Grandfather
Samuel Morris Spevak
Elaine Spevak
Bmce & Karen Spevak
Cheryl & Lorien Friedlin
Bradley & Zoreh Spevak
Nicole, Evan, Sam & Alexandra Katz
Holly & Steve Radom
In Loving Memory of
Jennie, Louis, Nathan
Pauline &
Florence Schevitz
Oscar Cohen, Alyce Zell
Irwin Kane and
Donna Kaye Zell
Mr. & Mrs. Albert Datz
In Loving Memory of
Joan Talpalar
Chana & Max Talpalar
Dora & Ben Glickman
Trudy Aronowitz
Louise & Hymie Glickman
Marty Glickman
Jose Talpalar
Rose & Bernard Levine
Aaron Levine
Ben Talpalar and Family
In Loving Memory of
Leo Shreiber
Beverley Shreiber
Sam Cherry
Gussie Cherry
Charles Cherry
llene Selevan
Merle & Ron Cherry
§
In Loving Memory of
Howard Wolpin
Debbie Katz
Zelda & Herman Rosenberg
Mollie & Sam Rosenberg
Miriam & Carl Palenbaum
Dorothy, Milton & Jay Waldman
George Rosenberg
Esther & Ralph Wolpin
lna& Albert Wolpm
Carole Wolpin
215
===== PAGE 218 =====
1 ► In Memoriam 4 ]
In Loving Memory of
Shelby H. Trager
Bessie S. Frisch
Alfred Frisch
Charles, Rexine & Asher Trager
In Loving Memory of
Max & Mildred Eaglstein
Max & Bess Black
llene Selevan
Mildred & Leonard Levinson
Sue, Fred, Mitch, Brett & Emily Eaglstein
In Loving Memory of
Milton & Shirley Felder
Gloria L. Ramsey
Samuel A. Ramsey Jr.
Lanny & Dorrie Felder
In Loving Memory of
Lucille Twitty mother
Alan Twitty father
Beatrice Cantor mother
Sam Cantor father
LaVeme & Andrew Cantor
In Loving Memory of our Parents
“Mama Gina” & Phillip Frieden
Saul N. Frieden; Elisa Frieden Topper & Family
In Loving Memory of Parents and Grandparents
Stuart & Phyllis Fried
Robert & Charlotte Kopp
Hank, Ellen & Jessica Kopp
Jason, Lauren, Natalie & Nathan Rubin
In Loving Memory of
Our Parents
Dora & Haskell Zimmerman
Joseph Pranevich
Nancy & Seeman Zimmerman
In Loving Memory of My Parents & Sister
Irving & Bertha Goldstein
Benita Day
Lita Poehlman
In Loving Memory of
Lillian & Robert J. Gordon
Faye & Nathan Zinn
Renee & Alan Gordon
Children & Grandchildren
In Loving Memory of
Minnie Boatwright
Ella Boatwright & Archie Boatwright
Cynthia Disher
Kim, Andrew & Hannah Weintraub
Cheli Brewer
In Loving Memory of
Marshall Grauer
Dorothy & Stanley Schein
Annette Grauer
In Loving Memory of
Leo Dinin, Esther Dinin
Leslie Appelbaum Dobies
Sylvia Appelbaum
Karen, Stu, Josh & Michael Appelbaum
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Pearl & Ed Mass
And our other dear departed relatives
Mike & Marilyn Mass
216
===== PAGE 219 =====
In Loving Memory of
Julie & Henry Halpern
Molly Rubinstein
Robin, Stan, Natalie & Abby Halpern
Al L Schneider, Tobias M. Schneider
Sylvia F. Schneider, Betty F. Schneider
Mimi Mendelson & Bernice Solomon
Camilla Schneider
In Loving Memory of
Rose Hochman Max Hochman
Anna Saraga Upson Rubin Saraga
Scott Saraga
Nathan Hochman Sophia Hochman
Leonard & Frieda Saraga
In Loving Memory of
Bernice & Alex S>ekine
Jerome & Leona Horwitz
Ken, Sheryl & Elizabeth Sekine
Joshua, Emilie, Naomi Paige & Henry Benjamin Sekine
Sarah, Sam, & Alexander Robert Feller
In Loving Memory of
Sidney A. Hoffman
Basie Hoffman
Ben Hunter
Manny Ruben
Barbara & Lewis Hunter
In Loving Memory and In Our Hearts Forever
Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Risa & Steven Warfield
Wendy & Mark Talpalar
Sharon & Jerry Seebol
In Loving Memory of Our
Beloved Son & Brother
Gordon Seth Kagan
Rhoda & Norman Kagan and Family
In Loving Memory of
Fred Shapiro
Beloved father of Vicki Gatewood (Steve)
and grandfather of Delta and Ben
In Loving Memory of
Martha & Edwin Kravitz
Harriette & Abe Levin
Dick, Shirley, Eric & Hirsh Kravitz
In Loving Memory of
Lora & Jacob Sheitelman
Father, Mother and Grandparents
Ruth & Sidney Nudle
Aunt & Uncle
Elaine Furman
Deborah Miller, Naomi Kipp & David Furman
In Loving Memory of
Charlotte Z. Lafer, M.D.
Bernard R. Lafer
Dr. & Mrs. Dennis J. Lafer and Family
In Loving Memory of
Paul Shuman
Selma Shuman
David, Shari, Jenna & Amy Shuman
Loving Memory of and in our hearts forever
Ruth & Ralph Brok
Allan & June Land
Michael and Drew Land
Cindy and Eric Land
In Loving Memory of Our Parents
Hyman & Mary Singal
Norman & Clara Katcher
Sheldon & Elaine Singal
In Memory of
Abe and Harriette Levin
Calie and Martin Loss
Joan & Ronald Levin
t
In Memory of
Barry Sinoff
Our hearts are filled with memories of a
husband and father we will never forget.
Carole, Brad and Adam
===== PAGE 220 =====
D In Memoriam— if
In Loving Memory of
Charles Sussman
Lynn Sussman, Stephanie Sussman
Elizabeth, Scott, Carson & Mia Zweigel
In Loving Memory of
Edie and Bernie Davis, Jean Cramer, David Cramer
Leo and Joanne Davis
In Loving Memory of
Harvey Jason Freedman
Samuel & Etta Greenberg
Marilyn D. Freedman
In Loving Memory of
Dr. Joe & Sophie Witten
Sol & Sally Waldman
Dr. Bruce & Sharon Witten
Douglas, Holly, Kevin & Matthew Witten
Jonathan, Julie, Sadie & Nora Witten
In Memory of
Carolyn Kominers Goldenberg
Lauren, Evan & Anna
In Loving Memory of
Joseph Goldman & Gilda Sue Goldman
Helen Goldman & Family
In Loving Memory of
Jonathan Weintraub
Beloved Son, Brother, Husband & Father
Cynthia Disher & Cheli Brewer
Kim, Andrew & Hannah Weintraub
In Loving Memory of
Monte Graff, David & Myrna Margolis & Grace Radford
Neill & Michelle Graff-Radford & Family
In Loving Memory of
David Grann
May Grann & Family
In Loving Memory of
Murry Wolfson
Renee Wolfson Moses
Bob Earl Wolfson
Ben & Gussie Baker
Louis & Mary Wolfson
! Gary, David, Richard, Dr. Bud Wolfson and Families
In Loving Appreciation of my parents
Max & Paula Hirsch
Rabbi Dr. Joseph Hirsch
In Loving Memory of
David & Rae Kaufman
Sigmund & Bessie Upson
Martin & Mimi Kaufman
Muriel and George Woodard
Sadie and Elliott Coffman
Karen Fraser Magee
Remembered by
Frank & Daphne Woodard
In Loving Memory of
Anne & Harry Krokow
Judy & Kal Levinson
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Zoja Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Peter & Phyllis Lesnik
In Loving Memory of
Leon Zucker, Jerry Zucker
Fran Marcus, Max Marcus
David, Rochelle, Daniel, Monica
Lindsey & Nicole Marcus
In Loving Memory of
Mitchell & Zoja Lesnik
Earl & Essie Evans
Richard & Tammy Lesnik & Family
Beloved Mother and Grandmother
Betty & Donald Lewis
Marla, Gary, Pamela, Steven & Rosi Lewis
L Loving Memory of
Mikhail Bekman
Sveltana, Yakov & Vicky Goldiner
Galina, Brian, Karina & Max Wolinetz
To Honor the Memory of Beloved Parents and Brother
Sara, Albert and Norman Mannis
Libby Katz and Family
Rena Bernard Charlotte Setzer
Sam & Etta Harris Renee & Harold Bloom
Henry & Lillian Bernard
‘ Ed Bernard
In Memory of
Susan Lee Lowell
Your sister, Joanne Lowell
In Loving Memory of
Ben & Alan Bromberg
your loving wife & mother Becky
In Loving Memory of
Hazzan Abraham Marton
Pearl Marton and Family
In Loving Memory of
Jean Cramer
Beloved Mother and Grandmother - An Inspiration of Energy and Humor
Joanne & Leo Davis
In Loving Memory of
Mary & Frank Matoren
Ethel Frankel, Carl Blumenthal & Louise Feldman
Carol & Harvey Matoren
218
===== PAGE 221 =====
In
In Loving Memory of
Edward Allen Mervis
Missy Frisch, Eddie & Britney Norton
In Loving Memory of
Sam Louis Silberstein
Delores Silberstein & Family
In Loving Memory of
Ruthye & Leo Moskovitz
Rena Bernard
Carla, Larry, Josh, Geri & Sam Bernard
In Beloved Memory of
Carl Jay
Rose Jay Sonnenstein
Arlene Faracchio
In Loving Memory of
Lois Robins
Leon, Jerry, Michele & Alan
In Loving Memory of
David S. Stark, Bernice G. Stark
Charles 1. Senrick, May R. Senrick
Bruce, Kathy, Aaron & Rachel Stark
In Loving Memory of Our Beloved Parents
Esther & Sam Rosenblum
Larry, Arthur & Sharon Rosenblum
In Loving Memory of
Samuel & Florence Steinberg
Barney & Etty Weissman
Marty & Randee Steinberg & Family
In Memory of Our Son
Jonathan Roth
Our Parents And Other Family Members
Neal & Nina Roth
In Loving Memory of
Fred Stuart, Sidney & Kate Ettinger
Linda Stuart
In Loving Memory of
Herb Sapolsky
Eleanor Sapolsky & Family
In Loving Memory of
Philip & Sophia Wilson Sandra Pourmanaf
Francine Smith
In Loving Memory of
Lenore Fallas, Hal Steven Fallas,
Maurice Goldstein, Bernard Jay Shainbrown
Kandi, Mark & Zachary Shainbrown
In Loving Memory of
Herbert Zucker
Dan, Sam & Esther Zucker
31
On behalf of the Jacksonville Jewish Center,
Ha-makom y’nahem etkhem b’tokh
sh’ar avelei Tziyon V’yerushalayim.
“May the Holy One comfort all those
who have lost a loved one among all the
other mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.”
*1
219
===== PAGE 222 =====
220
===== PAGE 223 =====
—Directory of Advertisers
29 South
4
Cara Ferreira, Realtor
43
H
A
Carbux CarWash
26
Hair Cuttery
.132
A
Catering by Liz Grenamyer
58
AA Susies Limousine, Inc
....62
Cruisers Grill
1
Hardage- Giddens Funeral Homes and
Absolute Clean Air
....26
Robert Handmaker
Cemeteries
...68
Ackerman Cancer Center Back Cover
n
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D
.130
Adler Designs
..162
U
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside
...58
Affordable Water
....58
Dan Harris Photoart
43
Athens Café
....26
Daniel L. Wohl.M.D
150
1
Atlantic Florists
....67
Dignity Memorial
130
Ira E. Goldfield, CLU ChFC
...32
Atlantic Security
..130
Leon Yergin
Israel Bonds
...16
B
Duss Kenney,
Safer Hampton & Joos, PA
150
J
B&C Financial
..170
Eliot J. Safer
Jacksonville Farmers Market
...10
Jan Butensky
E
Jacksonville Light Bulb Delivery, Inc...
.132
Allan Cohen
Carl Cushnir
Beaches Brass Polishing
....48
E.H. Thompson Company
158
Jacksonville Orthopaedic Institute
..148
Beachview Event Rentals & Design....
....60
Embassy Suites
140
Garry S. Kitay, MD
Beirut inside front cover & 62
Erica Jolles, Realtor
146
Jay’s Professional Dry Cleaners
Berman Bros., Inc
....58
Evergreen Cemetery
166
& Laundry
..154
Best Media
..186
EZ Photobooth
66
Judaica Shop
....48
Howie Wolpoff
Black Sheep Restaurant
..148
F
Julington Dental
K
8
Blosam Constructors
....58
Fanatics
156
Philip H. Bloom
Firehouse Subs Public
Kazu Japanese Restaurant
..142
Bob Ham Eyewear
....45
Safety Foundation
158
Kid to Kid
....56
Brandi Hill Photography
....44
Fish Camps
26
Knockout Pest Control
....54
Brandon Pest Control
..164
French Novelty
56,60,62
Stuart Herman
L
G
Laura A. Giovanetti P.L
..162
C
Gary Adler Design
162
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc
....46
Cakes and More by Catrina
....42
Gate Hospitality Group
166
Ling Nails
....52
Catrina Ruby
Epping Forest Yacht & Country Club
Live Entertainment Solutions
....50
Cancer Specialists of North Florida....
....62
The Lodge & Club
M
Jeffrey A. Bubis, DO, FACOI, FACP
The River Club
Canon Solutions America, INC
..130
Ponte Vedra inn & Club
Margo’s Catering
....42
Capital Veterinary Specialists
....34
George H. Hewell & Son Funeral Homes. 69
Catrina and Andrew Ruby
221
===== PAGE 224 =====
►—Directory of Advertisers
Mark Spivak’s Institute and Dance
Pediatric Otolaryngology Associates..
..150
Southern Monument Company,
Extension
54
Daniel L. Wohl
Incorporated
36
Mattress Company
58
Piner’s Lock& Safe
....58
Space Walk of Jacksonville
46
Mediterrania Restaurant
30
PRI Productions Inside Back Cover
Stein Mart
72
Menchie’s Frozen Yogurt
52
Process Master, Inc
..164
Sushila’s Beauty
64
Minuteman Press
14
Publix
..132
Morgan & Morgan
28
T
Grant Kuvin
R
TCS Total Comfort Solutions
156
Mugwump Productions
....152
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak, Certified Mohel.,,47
Taverna
164
N
Ramada Mandarin
....12
The Loop
30
Fred Pozin
The Wells & Drew Companies
47
Nimnicht Family of Dealerships
....138
River Garden Senior Services
..172
Tumbling Kids
54
North Florida Surgeons
28
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic
6
Craig Morgenthal, MD, FACS
Round Table Realty
..146
V
Erica Jolles
Vandroff Insurance Agency
30
0
Ryan, Marks & Stromberg Attorneys.
..130
Villela & Shilts, CPA’s
102
Oaklawn Chapel and Cemetery
....130
Jeffrey Marks
W
Leon Yergin
Orsay
....154
S
W. W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc. 168
Safer, Eliot J
..150
Watson Plumbing
28
P
Duss Kenney, Safer Hampton & Joos, PA
Weather Engineers, Inc
130
Party City
....144
Sawgrass Asset Management, L.L.C..
..132
Weaver and Stratton, Pediatric Dentistry .2
Dana Zaifert
Andrew M. Cantor, CFA, Principal
Wajsman Home Team
28
Pediatric Dentistry
26
Shorstein & Kelly
....18
Han & Paige Wajsman
Barry Setzer
Michael Shorstein
222
===== PAGE 225 =====
► Advertisers Classified
Accountants - Certified Public
Audio -Visual - Equipment
_
Renting - Leasing
Hartman, Blitch & Gartside CPA
...58
Villela & Shilts CPA
.102
Beachview Event Rentals & Design....
....60
Live Entertainment Solutions
....50
Mugwump Productions
..152
Adoption
PRI Productions Inside back cover
Shorstein & Kelly - Attorneys At Law P.A.18
Automobile Dealers
Air Conditioning - Heating
Nimnicht Family of Dealerships
..138
Commercial
TCS - Total Comfort Solutions, Inc
.156
Weather Engineers, Inc
.130
Bakers - Baked Goods
Cakes and More by Catrina
....42
Air Duct & Dryer Vent Cleaning
Absolute Clean Air
...26
Balloons - Novelty - Decorative
Party City - The Discount Party
Super Store
..144
Apparel
Dana Zaifert
French Novelty 56, 60, 62
Stein Mart
...72
Beauty Salons - Services - Supply
Hair Cuttery
..132
Asset Management
Sushilas Beauty
64
Sawgrass Asset Management
.132
Bedding Supplies
Attorneys
Mattress Sets
58
Duss Kenney Safer Hampton
& Joos, PA
.150
Laura A. Giovanetti
.162
Brass Polishing
Morgan & Morgan
...28
Beaches Brass Polishing
48
Ryan, Marks, & Stromberg
.130
Shorstein & Kelly Attorneys At Law, P.A. 18
Builders - Construction -
Contractors - Electric
Blosam Constructors, Inc 58
Philip H. Bloom
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractors, Inc. 168
Car Dealership
Nimnicht Family of Dealerships 138
Car Wash and Detail Express
Service
CarBux Carwash 26
Carpet - Rug - Cleaners
Process Master Inc 164
Caterers
Catering by Liz Grenamyer 58
Margo’s Catering 42
Catering Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 158
Party City - The Discount Party
Superstore 144
Dana Zaifert
223
===== PAGE 226 =====
Advertisers Classified
m
Cemeteries
Decorator Linens
Farmers Market
Evergreen Cemetery
..166
Beachview Event Rentals
...60
Jacksonville Farmers Market
....10
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Home and
Mugwump Productions
.152
Cemeteries
....68
PRI Productions Inside Back Cover
Financial Planners
Oaklawn Chapel and Cemetery
..130
B&C Financial Security, Inc
..170
Dentist
Jan Butensky and Allan Cohen
Child Consignment
Julington Dental
8
Kid to Kid
....56
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D
..130
Florists
Setzer & Cochran Pediatric Dentistry.
....26
Weaver and Stratton Pediatric Dentistry ..2
Atlantic Florists
....67
Copiers and Printers
Canon
..130
Dry Cleaners
Food Service - Equipment
.
Supplies
Jay’s Professional Cleaners
Chemicals
..154
E.H. Thompson Company
..158
and Laundry
E.H. Thompson Company
..158
Elder Care
Frozen Yogurt
Communications
Menchies Frozen Yogurt
52
River Garden Senior Services
..172
Atlantic Security
..130
Costumes
Party City - The Discount Party
Superstore 144
Dana Zaifert
Dance and Gymnastics
Mark Spivak’s Institute and Dance
Extension 54
Tumbling Kids 54
Engravers
The Wells & Drew Companies 47
Southern Monument 36
Event Planning
Beachview Event Rentals & Design 60
Mugwump Productions 152
PRI Productions inside back cover
Eye Doctors- Eye Glass Wear
Funeral Directors
George H. Hewell and Sons
Funeral Homes 69
Hardage-Giddens Funeral Homes and
Cemeteries 68
Gift - Specialty
Fanatics 156
Sisterhood Judaica Shop 48
Bob Ham Eyewear
45
224
===== PAGE 227 =====
► Advertisers Classified 4
Glass - Automobile - Plate
- Window - Residential -
Commercial
Lee & Cates Glass, Inc 46
Graphic Design
Minuteman Press 14
Grocers
Publix 132
Hotels
Embassy Suites Hotel 140
Gate Hospitality Group 166
Epplng Forest Yacht Club
The Lodge & Club
The River Club
Ponte Vedra Inn & Club
Ramada Mandarin 12
Fred Pozin
Inflatable Fun
Spacewalk of Jax 46
Insurance
Ira Goldfield 32
Vandroff Insurance Agency, Inc 30
Interior Design Services
Adler Design 162
Invitations - Announcements
Party City - The Discount Party
Superstore 144
Dana Zaifert
Israel
Israel Bonds 16
Kosher Products
Menchies Frozen Yogurt 52
Publix 132
Light Bulbs-Tubes
Jacksonville light Bulb Delivery, Inc 132
Carl Cushnir
Limousine Service
AA Susies Limousine, Inc 62
Locks - Locksmith
Piner’s Lock & Safe 58
Marketing
Best Media 186
Medical Doctors
Ackerman Cancer Center back cover
Cancer Specialists of North Florida 62
Harris L. Rittenberg, D.M.D 130
Jacksonville Orthopedic Institute 148
North Florida Surgeons 28
Pediatric Otolaryngology Associates....150
Rogozinski Orthopedic Clinic, P.A 6
Mirrors - Framed - Beveling
Lee and Cates Glass, Inc 46
Mohel - Certified
Rabbi Israel J. Barzak 47
Monuments
Southern Monument Company,
Incorporated 36
Nail Salon
Ling Nails 52
Opticians
Bob Ham Eyewear 45
Organic - Ethnic - Specialty
Produce
Farmers Market 10
Party Supplies - Party Favors
Party City - The Discount Party
Super Store 144
Dana Zaifert
225
===== PAGE 228 =====
> Advertisers Classified 4
Pest Control
Brandon Pest Control 164
KnockOut Pest Control 54
Photo Booth
EZ Photobooth 66
Dan Harris PhotoArt 43
Photography
Brandi Hill 44
Dan Harris PhotoArt 43
Pipe Fittings
Berman Bros. Inc 58
Plumbling - Contractors
Watson Plumbing 28
W.W. Gay Mechanical Contractor, Inc. 168
Printers
Minuteman Press 14
Produce
Farmers Market 10
Promotional - Fundraising Items
Minuteman Press 14
Public Safety Foundation
Firehouse Subs Public
Safety Foundation 158
Real Estate
Wajsman Home Team- Paige Wajsman .28
Round Table Realty- Erica Jolles 146
Keller Williams- Cara Ferreira 43
Rental Services
Beachview Events & Rentals 60
Restaurants
29 South 4
Athens Café 26
Beirut inside front cover & 62
Black Sheep 148
Cruisers Grill 1
Jullngton Creek Fish Camp 26
Kazu Japanese Restaurant 142
Mediterrania Restaurant 30
Taverna 164
The Loop Pizza & Grill 30
Orsay 154
Restaurant Equipment - Supplies
E.H. Thompson Company 158
Safes - Vaults
Piner’s Lock & Safe 58
Scrap Iron - Metal Dealers
Berman Bros., Inc 58
Security Control Equipment
Systems - Monitoring
Atlantic Security 130
Veterinary Care
Capital Veterinary Specialists 34
Water Filters - Purifiers
Affordable Water 58
Wedding Cakes
Cakes and More by Catrina 42
226
===== PAGE 229 =====
PRODUCTIONS
BRINGING YOUR
IDEAS TO LIFE
Full-Service Wedding & Mitzvah Planning
===== PAGE 230 =====
May this New Year be filled with health
and happiness for you and your family.
development of your cancer treatment plan to ensure
each of your specific needs are carefully considered.
This unique setting is designed to keep your experience
seamless and completely focused on you.
For over 25 years, the physicians and staff at Ackerman
Cancer Center have been devoted to a personalized
approach to cancer care. Utilizing the most advanced
:r»\/:r>il:r»KI¿o \/r\i i'll rdm/ m imnnr+orr\lci ir\ +K¿cs
"Conversation - respectful, engaged, reciprocal, calling forth
some of our greatest powers of empathy and understanding - is
the moral form of a world governed by the dignity of difference."
*>• 4
i
Focused on you.
- Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks
The cancer care you deserve.
ackermancancercenter.com
(904) 880-5522 | San Jose Blvd. & 1-295
ACKERMAN
Cancer Center
